###Chapter 1: REVENGE
Chapter 1: REVENGE
Do you know what it meant to be a runt among the shifters? It meant you would be the smallest and the weakest among all the other shifters around you. 
It was not usual for a werewolf to get sick easily, as it was well known that they had incredible healing ability. 
A shifter could be littered with severe wounds, but it would only need a few hours or at most a day for them to be able to get back to their original state. 
Therefore, you couldn't take a shifter lightly, a werewolf even more so, because they were at the top of the food chain. They were the predators. 
However, it didn't work that way for Iris. The only reason being she was a runt. 
Ever since she was born, she had been concurrently sick. She was also smaller than a normal shifter baby. In the first few years of her life, it was so hard even to feed her, it was a challenge, especially since she would get a fever every now and then. 
And when she reached the age of sixteen, she was not able to shift into her wolf due to her spirit being too weak for her to be able to do so. 
And now, when she was at the age of seventeen, when all the she- wolves would think this was the time when they would meet their mates, she didn't think she would find one. 
And above all of that, she was not able to hear. 
Iris could read people's lips, but she wouldn't be able to know what they were saying if they were not facing her when they spoke to her. 
If it was not for her father being the alpha of the Blue Moon pack, no one would even know about her, as she would spend most of her time inside her house and had a tutor come to help her with her education. 
Unfortunately, her life didn't get better even after she turned twenty. 
"Come out now!" Someone shouted behind Iris, as she sat on the cold floor of the dungeon with her head lowered. "Damn it! I forgot she couldn't hear!" The man cursed under his breath and opened the cell before he marched toward the skinny girl and yanked her arm to make her stand up. 
Iris gritted her teeth, she looked at the man with fear in her eyes. Her pack had fallen, they were defeated in a war and now she was a prisoner of war. She was the only daughter of the Alpha after all. 
"The Alpha wants to see you!" The man showed so much hostility in his eyes, as he grabbed her by the elbow and dragged her out of this filthy cell, where she had stayed for more than a week now. 
Iris couldn't hear him, but she could read his lips and she knew meeting the Alpha was inevitable. She trembled in fear. She hated being hurt. 
Iris stumbled on her feet a few times because she couldn't keep up with the guard's pace, yet he didn't slow down at all. 
She remembered this room, this room used to be the alpha's room and she had only entered it twice, since her father didn't really like her near him. 
She was born as a runt, thus it was a disgrace to him. 
"Alpha, I have brought Iris Lane with me," he said in a solemn voice, as he lowered his head and kicked Iris at the back of her knee until she knelt down before the alpha. 
Alpha Cane. 
He was a slave for ten years in this Blue Moon pack, since his pack, Howling Wolf, was razed by Iris's father and all of the pack members turned into slaves, including him, Cane Nortern, the then alpha's son. 
His world fell apart when he was twenty two, he went from the most respectable alpha's son to be a slave that held no value whatsoever. 
But right now, he managed to get his revenge and wiped out the Blue Moon pack, restored the glory of the Howling Wolf pack, and now he would get his revenge on Iris for what her father had done to him and his family. 
"You can leave, Will," Cane said in a cold tone, as he stood up from his seat and Iris trembled in fear at the sight of him. His body was even bigger than her brother's or her father's. He towered above her, looking down at her with so much malice in his dark eyes. 
The guard named Will walked out of the room and closed the door, leaving Iris with her predator. 
Iris tried to scamper away from him, but Cane had grabbed her shoulder and his grip was so painful. She felt like he would be able to crush her shoulder easily. 
"Undress and get on the bed," Cane said coldly, but because Iris didn't look at his face. She couldn't read his lips, so she missed the order and started whimpering. "Don't you hear me?!" 
Outraged, Cane dragged her to the bed himself and pinned her down. She was crying, but there was no sound that came out of her mouth, she just trembled at the sight of him. 
Cane had a long scar on his left face, traversed from his right eye across the bridge of his nose, ending on his left cheek. The scar was unsightly and he got this from when he was being a slave in the Blue Moon pack. 
Cane gathered her arms above her head and pinched her chin so she could look at him and the hatred in his eyes only made Iris feel scared even more. 
"See what I will do to you. I will give you hell like what your father gave to me." 
Iris could read that and she spoke in a soft voice, shaking all over. "Why me?" 
"Why me, you said?" 
Iris could feel her chin hurting further when he tightened his grip, but she needed to look at him, so she could understand what he said next. 
"Why don't you take your revenge on my father instead?"
###Chapter 2: YOU ARE MY SLAVE
Chapter 2: YOU ARE MY SLAVE
"Why don't you take your revenge on my father instead?" 
Even though it was hard, Iris managed to get her question out of her lips. She felt it was unfair that she had to bear the hatred of Alpha Cane, for something that she didn't do at that. 
"I have the same question as you. Why me and my people?" Cane didn't raise his voice, even so, Iris couldn't hear him, but she was so scared to look into his deep and cold eyes, thus she focused her attention on his lips instead. "Your father razed my pack. Killed my parents and my little sister and brother, enslaved my people, but they let me live to go through those hellish ten years as his slave. Why me?" 
Tears streamed down Iris' eyes. She was so scared, but for some reason, she could understand him, she could feel his pain. This was not fair for him either. 
"Please..." Iris whimpered when she felt his hand squeeze her breast. No one had ever touched her this way before and even though she was not her father's proudest daughter, no one would dare to degrade her. 
"Please? I have said that word countless times, but what did your father say? He told me; 'you can implore all you want, but I will do as I please, that's how power works'." 
Iris screamed in agony when he pinched her nipple so hard that she felt so much pain. 
"Don't cry, this is just the beginning. The day of your father's death was the day when you became my slave, my property and I am your master." 
Through her blurry vision, as tears welled up in her eyes, Iris read his lips and she knew that he was true to his words. This was only the beginning. 
Cane growled to see that she was in pain and her tears bothered him, thus he turned her body around and let her kneel on her knees, as he pressed her head into the soft pillow and started to undress her. 
Her father did this to the women in his pack and let him watch everything. 
He positioned himself behind her and readied himself. He would make her feel the pain, so she would know what kind of pain that he and his people had gone through. 
It was great that the alpha had two children, thus he could torture them as he pleased. After all, that was how power worked, right? 
On the other hand, Iris thrashed her body around when she felt her dress being torn apart so easily, as if the fabric was as soft as tissue. She shivered when the night wind caressed her bare skin, while she could feel his rough fingers gripping her thighs. 
Iris realized what would happen to her and prepared herself for it, but then when she was faced with the horror, she couldn't help but recoil in fear. 
However, Cane stopped all of a sudden. 
Iris didn't know what happened, but he moved away from behind her, as the weight from the bed lifted. He got off the bed and Iris immediately grabbed a blanket to cover herself. His back was facing her, as he put on his pants back. 
"What is that on your back?" He asked her, but because she couldn't read his lips, she didn't know what he was saying. "I am asking you what is that on your back? Who has done that to you?" 
Cane knew that the alpha's daughter was a runt, she had a problem with her health, therefore she rarely appeared in public. 
During his time as a slave in this pack, he only saw her twice and didn't pay much attention. Why should he? She was only a pale looking little girl, who always seemed gloomy. 
"I asked you." Cane turned around and faced Iris, he glared at her because she didn't answer him. 
The young girl was wrapping the blanket around her body, but he had seen her. She was so small and fragile, even a starved slave looked healthier than her. 
How did they feed the alpha's daughter all this time? And how could she have such glaring scars on her back? 
Yes, her back was littered with scars. 
As a shifter, she should have the ability to heal without any traces, unless you were injured by something made of silver, like the scar on Cane's face. 
But then, who would do that to the alpha's daughter in her own pack? 
"One more time, I'm asking you, who has done that to you?!" Cane couldn't believe that he was being ignored by his own slave. 
He marched across the room and forced her to face him, but he could see a glaring mark on her chin, where he gripped her earlier. It was red and slightly bleeding. She should have healed such a minor injury by now, why couldn't she heal? 
Cane frowned to see her ocean blue eyes. Her auburn hair covered half of her face and flowed onto the blanket that she used to wrap herself with. 
"Answer me," Cane hissed viciously. 
"What?" Iris gulped down with so much difficulty, as she tightened her grip on her blanket, as if this was the only protection that she had, even though she knew that Cane would be able to get rid of it without breaking a sweat if he wanted to. "What question?" 
Iris missed his question and now she was confused about how she should answer him. 
On the other hand, Cane was not any less confused than she was, because he was frowning really hard now. His callousness was broken and he showed a little bit of emotion, aside from anger and hatred. 
"Get out," Cane finally said. "Get out of here." 
He knew everything about Iris's brother, the next in line for the alpha of the pack, but he didn't care much to find out about the little girl. 
Cane let go of Iris and she scrambled away from the bed, but she was naked, since Cane had torn her dress apart. 
"I... I will wear your shirt." Iris saw Cane's shirt on the floor and immediately wore it. She glanced at him, but he didn't do anything to stop her.
###Chapter 3: SHE IS NOTHING LIKE HER FATHER
Chapter 3: SHE IS NOTHING LIKE HER FATHER
The shirt that Iris wore when she walked out of Cane's bedroom managed to cover her thighs halfway, which showed the difference in the body sizes of the two of them. 
The guard that escorted her back to her cell was a different man from earlier and he didn't drag her along, nor did he walk so quickly. 
"You are so lucky the alpha didn't do the things that he had done to your brother," he said, glancing at Iris, but because she had her head down, she wouldn't be able to get his words and this only made him sigh. "How can someone like you be born to such a cruel alpha?" 
He knew that Iris couldn't hear him, this was not a secret and people that interacted with her this past week would know about that clearly. 
Meanwhile, Iris was staring at the dark sky, she looked at the crescent moon. The moon goddess. If God really existed, why did they let this misery fall upon her? 
However, despite her bitterness, Iris felt good when she could walk in the open like this again, since she could only see hard walls that surrounded her inside her cell. She prayed her misery would end someday. 
And she hoped Cane wouldn't treat the people in the Blue Moon pack horribly, like her father treated his people. Most of them only followed their alpha... 
"Get inside, someone will bring you some food." The man opened the cell and Iris walked inside. 
Once again, she was trapped in this darkness, as the coldness bit into her skin while there was nothing that could warm her here. 
Iris huddled in the corner of her cell, hugging herself. She felt her body turning hot, but she was so cold. 
She was sick again... 
======================= 
"She has a problem with her hearing?" Cane leaned his back against the desk behind him, as he folded his arms, listening to Jace's, his beta, report. 
"Yes, she was born as a runt, after all. Aside from health issues, she has problems with her hearing, but from what I know, she can read lips, that's how she communicates with other people." 
That answered why that girl didn't reply to his question when he didn't force her to look at him. 
"How was she treated by her father?" Cane couldn't get rid of the image of her back. The scars were from being whipped and he was sure of that. Who would have whipped the alpha's daughter? 
"Why are you asking this? Did you take pity on her?" Jace asked curiously. He stared directly into his eyes, trying to read what was in his mind, but it was not possible to do that. The depth of his thoughts was so scary. 
"Pity?" Cane tilted his head, his dark eyes grew cold at that word. "We don't take pity on our enemy, Jace." 
There was a complicated look on the beta's face. "I got a hold of her personal maid, if you want, I can run an interrogation on her." 
Cane thought about it for a while. "Bring her here." 
"Pardon?" 
"You heard me." 
"You will interrogate her yourself?" 
"Yes." 
Even though Jace was still a little bit confused, he did what he was told to do. 
It didn't take long for Iris's personal maid to come see Cane, she lowered her head and looked terrified in the presence of the alpha. 
"Her name is Hanna, she has been with Iris since she was seven years old." Jace glanced at the woman next to him. She looked like she was in her late twenties and even though she didn't look so shabby, her eyes were swollen because she cried too much. 
"Alpha... Cane, my name is Hanna," Hanna introduced herself, as she lowered her head and fiddled with her fingers. 
Cane waved his hand, indicating for Jace and the guard that had brought Hanna to go out of the room. 
"Tell me everything about her." Cane didn't beat around the bush. He didn't have time for that. 
It had been only a week since he managed to kill the alpha of the Blue Moon pack and held two of his children captives, he needed to manage this pack and fill his role as the new alpha. 
There were a lot of people that he needed to punish and also overhaul the existing regulations that the former alpha made. 
"Miss Iris?" Hanna lifted her head and asked carefully, just in case she heard it wrong, but once she met Cane's eyes, she hurriedly lowered her head again, she was afraid to see those callous eyes staring down at her. 
"I don't like to repeat my question." 
"Yes, yes.. alpha..." Hanna then started to reiterate all the things that she knew about Iris, since she was with her, since she was little, there was very little information that Jace couldn't report to Cane. "Please, alpha Cane, don't hurt her..." she pleaded for Iris. "She is very different from her father." 
Hanna was only a low ranking shifter in the pack, thus even though she was aware how badly Iris's father had treated the Howling Wolf pack as slaves, Iris had nothing to do with that. 
However, that was not the thing that Cane wanted to hear. "Tell me about the wounds on her back." 
Hanna flinched when she heard that question. If Cane had seen Iris's wounds, it meant he had undressed her and she could only imagine what kind of nightmare that her dear missy had gone through in the hands of alpha Cane. 
"That's..." Hanna held back her tears. Her emotions were all over the place. She hated Alpha Cane for hurting her missy in such a way. 
"I couldn't hear your answer." Cane walked toward Hanna, his footsteps echoed throughout this room and it sounded so eerie. "Who has whipped her and why?" 
Hanna was surprised that Alpha Cane could tell that. She lifted her head in fright and saw the alpha was waiting for her answer.
###Chapter 4: CUT HIM OFF
Chapter 4: CUT HIM OFF
"There is something wrong with her," said one of the guards, who was patrolling in the dungeon, as they walked past Iris's cell. 
"I think she is sick again," replied his fellow guard. 
Both of them stopped in front of Iris's cell, as they looked through the iron bars and found Iris's body trembling, as she hugged herself. 
"She was born as a runt, it is unfortunate for her to be born that way. I think she will not last for another week." 
"Hm. She has been sick twice this week." 
"Yes. She will not last long enough. I hope the alpha will kill her immediately, so she doesn't need to suffer." 
The guards were from the Howling Wolf pack, they suffered throughout the past ten years after their pack fell. 
However, during those years, it was Iris's father and brother, who actively tortured them, making their lives a living hell, but not even once they ever saw Iris. 
Therefore, a quick death would be enough to punish her. 
After all, they could still torture her brother. It would be fair. 
"Right, she will not last long with that body." He nudged his fellow guard and both of them walked away from there. 
They took pity on her, but it was not enough to erase their hard time during Iris's father's reign. 
She could die in that shabby cell for all they care. In that case, probably it would be a mercy for her, instead of being tortured by the alpha. 
=========================== 
"Fuck you! BASTARD!" Mason cursed loudly when they stabbed him with a knife. "I will kill you! I AM GOING TO KILL YOU ALL! ARGH!" 
They intentionally missed his vitals parts, so it wouldn't kill him. They would take turns to torture him, but were careful enough not to kill him. 
They would let his wounds heal before they started it all over again. 
Mason was the son of the alpha of the Blue Moon pack, he was next in line for the title, but unfortunately for him, his pack had fallen and he was here to pay for all of his crimes, even though it would never be enough to atone for his sins. 
He was a copy of his father, cruel and greedy for power. He and his alpha used the former members of the Howling Wolf pack as their slaves, killed them without batting an eye and raped the women. 
"Is it okay if I cut his manhood? After all, he won't need it anymore. This will be a big favor for women. Can I do that, gamma Ethan?" 
Ethan grinned. He showed his canines, liking the idea. 
"He will not die. I am sure he will heal in a few hours." 
Ethan was tasked to look after Mason, before the alpha could decide what he would do to him and during that time, he was allowed to do anything to him, as long as he didn't die or kill himself. 
"FUCK YOU, ETHAN!" Mason roared, the wound from being stabbed earlier had started to heal. His skin was littered with wounds, but there was nothing fatal that could cause his death, yet it didn't mean he was immune to pain. "I should have asked those savages to cut you off!" 
Ethan's brown eyes turned a few shades darker when Mason reminded him of the darkest moment when he was defiled by those savages. He was only a young boy when that happened and he couldn't fight even one of them, not to mention there were ten men that ravaged him at that time. 
"What?" Mason laughed out loud when he managed to wipe out the grin from Ethan's face. "Did you recall your sweet moment? I can still remember how you screamed in delight." 
No. Ethan was screaming bloody murder at that time. He even tried to kill himself. 
However, Mason should be wise enough to realise that he no longer held the power and it was him that would scream. 
"Chop it off." 
The three men there were so eager to do exactly what the gamma ordered them to do. They had been waiting for this moment. 
"After that, give it to the wild dog and force him to watch," Ethan spoke icily, enjoying the horror in Mason's eyes. 
=========================== 
"It was her brother..." Hanna said. "He will whip her. Miss Iris's body is different from other shifters, she can't heal like us, thus the wounds have never healed. It left scars on her back." Hanna was crying right now. 
Reiterating what happened to Iris hurt her, because she needed to remember what kind of cruel treatment that Iris had to suffer at the hands of her brother and father. 
"Her father will lock her in the attic and starve her if she stepped out of her bedroom and someone saw her." 
From outside, it seemed like the alpha protected his daughter because she was having a sickly body, but the truth was, Iris was treated no better than a slave. 
"Please, Alpha Cane, that child knows nothing. She suffered at the hands of her father, just like you and your people..." Hanna pleaded with Cane. 
"Just like me and my people?" Cane scoffed, he found that ridiculous. "Leave." 
"Yes?" Hanna blinked her eyes, as tears streamed down her cheeks. 
"Leave this room." 
"Alpha Cane, can you please let me see her? She has been sleeping in that cold cell in the dungeon. She must be scared. I will not ask for anything, but just let me see her and tend to her." Hanna didn't have any other family and because she watched Iris grow up, she was very fond of her. "Please, let me accompany her in her cell." 
Cane narrowed his eyes. 
This change of power didn't really affect people like Hanna, since Cane's target was not them. But, she was willing to give up the comfort of her bed to stay in the dungeon with Iris? 
"Please, Alpha Cane, show some mercy on Miss Iris. She has suffered enough..."
###Chapter 5: SHE IS A SLAVE NOW
Chapter 5: SHE IS A SLAVE NOW
"Please, Alpha Cane, show some mercy on Miss Iris. She has suffered enough..." Hanna pleaded. She lowered her head until her forehead touched the floor, begging the alpha to send her to the dungeon, to be with Iris. 
She knew she wouldn't be able to do anything even if she was sent there, but at the very least, Iris wouldn't be alone. The girl was afraid of the dark. 
But, right at that time, someone knocked on the door and interrupted them. 
"Enter," Cane said impassively, he didn't show any emotions in response to Hanna begging him, or when she tearfully told him about the hardships that Iris had to go through thus far. 
"Cane," Jace called him. As he walked across the room, he threw a glance at Hanna, who was on her knees, crying. 
"What is it?" 
"She is unconscious." 
Cane furrowed his brows and Jace continued. 
"She will not make it past tonight if we don't call a healer for her." 
Jace didn't mean to hide this conversation, thus Hanna could hear it clearly, which made her immediately realize who they were talking about. 
"It is Miss Iris, right? Miss Iris is sick again?" Hanna became frantic. "Alpha, please, show her your mercy... she is not at fault... she shouldn't bear her father's sins." Hanna hit her head against the floor, to show how serious she was with her pleas. 
"She is not at fault?" Jace sneered. "Right. So, what about those babies that your alpha killed? What about those women that your alpha raped and what about those innocent lives that your alpha took? She is not at fault?" Jace growled. "So were they!" 
Hanna flinched when Jace snapped at her, her whole body was trembling, but she kept pleading with Cane to save Iris's life. 
"Why do you insist on saving her life? Letting her die is a form of a mercy too." If it was not for Cane, who kept giving them hope that there would be a time that they would be able to break free from the slavery and exact their revenge, they would have chosen death to be their salvation. 
Those years that they had gone through were too cruel for anyone to endure. They were not at fault either, but none of them could escape the cruelty no matter at what age one of them was. 
"Take her out of the dungeon and let a healer see her," Cane said, which surprised both of them. 
"Cane!" Jace snapped, but then he lowered his voice when he saw the hard look in Cane's eyes. He gritted his teeth and balled his fists so tightly to contain his anger. 
"Death is too easy for her. I have not done it with her yet." Cane folded his arms, this time his eyes fell on Hanna and she shivered in fear. 
Cane didn't do anything, but she was trembling, too afraid to utter a single word, since she was scared that he would change his mind again. 
"Prepare her, I want her to be ready in three days, sick or not, I want her in my bed." 
Jace was not satisfied, but as long as Cane didn't forget their revenge, he would be fine with that. Yes, death would be too easy for them. 
They shouldn't have killed the alpha yet, since his children couldn't quench their thirst for revenge, but it was better than nothing at all. 
3 452 
"Thank you, alpha..." Hanna said bitterly. 
Three days, sick or not, Iris had to warm the alpha's bed. 
She felt her stomach churning. 
======================== 
Iris was in and out of consciousness several times, she felt her whole body burning, but a moment later she was so cold. 
Probably, this was a dream, but she saw Hanna was with her. 
This must be a dream, because she was supposed to be in the dungeon, surrounded by darkness, sleeping on the cold floor, not inside this room with Hanna tending to her. 
"Miss Iris, are you feeling better? I will be right beside you, don't worry, don't be afraid." 
Iris read her lips, but her head was so dizzy and her eyelids were so heavy, thus she succumbed into darkness once again. 
It was only on the third day that she regained her consciousness and found Hanna wiping her body attentively. 
The first thing that Iris felt was the warm sunlight that streamed down into this room from the opened window. The woodsy smell from the nearby forest entered the room and it felt so refreshing. 
"Miss Iris!" Hanna almost jumped out of shock when she saw Iris open her eyes. She covered her face with both her hands and cried. 
"Ha... Hanna..." Iris raised her hand and touched her arm. 
"Yes, Miss Iris, it is me." Hanna watched, as her little Missy smiled weakly at her. She looked so pale and fragile. 
"Am I dreaming? Hanna is here with me..." Iris's voice was so hoarse. 
"No, you are not dreaming," Hanna said and then shook her head. She made sure that she could read her lips. "Hanna will be here with you, Miss Iris. Are you hungry?" 
"I am famished." 
"I will prepare food for you." Hanna was glad that Iris was awake now, but she didn't forget that today was the day she had to prepare her for Alpha Cane. 
The alpha had said that he wanted her in his bed, sick or not. 
"I will go get you food, okay? I will be right back." Hanna went out of the room, but as soon as she opened the door, she saw a beautiful woman standing in front of her. She was holding something, which she handed to her. 
"What is this?" Hanna looked at the paper bag and took out the item inside. Her eyes widened in shock. 
"Alpha Cane said to prepare her and make her wear that." The woman glanced into the room, but she couldn't see Iris. 
"NO!" Hanna immediately refused that. "How can she wear something like this?!" 
"Why not? She is no longer the alpha's daughter. She is a slave now."
###Chapter 6: TO MAKE IT LESS PAINFUL
Chapter 6: TO MAKE IT LESS PAINFUL
Hanna only remembered her now, she was Aria Darrin, the alpha's personal mistress. She was with the alpha throughout their period of slavery. 
She looked so different now, wearing a beautiful dress while her face was no longer covered with soot. 
Her black hair was tied up on top of her head and her lips were no longer chapped, but as red as a blooming rose. 
"She can't wear something like this!" Hanna refused the item inside the paper bag that Aria gave to her. 
"Why not? She is no longer the alpha's daughter. She is a slave now," Aria scoffed, her eyes full of disdain. "Or do you want her to not wear anything, since you don't like the dress?" 
Hanna stiffened. She was sure that they could do that to her now, she was nothing but a slave. Iris was no longer the alpha's daughter, her position was even lower than an Omega in this pack. 
"You can choose for her, seeing how useless she is." Aria glanced into the room again, but she couldn't catch a sight of her. 
On the other hand, Hanna couldn't do anything but clutch the fabric in her hand. 
"Tell her, if she wants to survive, she needs to get rid of her attitude and start to think what she can do to keep herself alive. That's what all the slaves in the Howling Wolf pack did when your alpha enslaved us." 
With that being said, Aria turned around and walked away from there. 
And now, Hanna was dreading the task of breaking the news to Iris. 
Those people didn't know that her missy had never felt such liberation in her life, not even when her father was still the alpha. 
===================== 
"We will unite the land of the two packs and merge them into one. The Blue Moon pack no longer exists and we will move the center of economy and power to the Howling Wolf pack. We will clean and use our old packhouse and our land as the center of the new pack." 
Cane adjourned the meeting today, as he pointed out those people, who were capable of holding their positions and hearing his announcement, they cheered brightly to know that they would ground this pack house and revitalize their old packhouse that had been turned into a brothel by Alpha Gerald. 
Of course, they were thrilled to know that they would return to their land, full of glory. Not only did they manage to free themselves from being slaves, but they also took down the tyrant, took back their land and the Blue Moon pack's as well. 
"We will go to district six, I want to check on something there," Cane spoke to Jace, his beta, when they exited the room, as the meeting had ended. 
"Tonight?" Jace frowned slightly. 
Cane had been so busy, since he held the title of the alpha, there were a lot of things that he needed to do because danger was still lurking in the dark. There were a few packs that didn't like the fact that they were merging two packs into one, because in that sense, this would become the largest pack in this realm and everyone in power hated it when the power balance was disrupted. 
"Yes, I want this problem to be solved immediately." Cane didn't slow down at all, as Jace walked next to him. 
Jace wanted to remind Cane that tonight he had ordered Hanna to bring Iris to his chambers, but seeing how the alpha was in a hurry and the night almost fell, he said nothing about it. After all, the slave could wait. She was not a priority. 
======================= 
"You need to endure this, Miss Iris. It will be over soon if you don't do anything and don't resist." Hanna cupped Iris's face and made her look at her, so she could read her lips. "Don't do anything, or they will hurt you even more." 
Hanna knew that this was inevitable and in this kind of situation, all she could do was to advise her how to not anger the alpha and make it less painful for her. 
"You need to survive this. I will be waiting for you here, okay?" Hanna wiped the tears that streamed down her face. This was not the first time she wiped her tears and surely, it wouldn't be the last either. "Oh, my child..." 
Hanna pulled Iris into a tight hug, her heart ached very badly to know what Iris had to go through tonight. 
Iris was wearing the set of lingerie that Aria had given her and covered it with a cloak, so no one could see her wearing such a degrading thing. 
However, once she was in the presence of the alpha, she wouldn't be able to hide herself. 
"I am so scared, Hanna..." Iris was crying silently, resting her head on her shoulder, as she hugged her tightly. She didn't want to let her go. This was her safe place, she was her person, the only person that stayed with her since she was a child. 
Hanna released her body and looked at her.
"It will pass and a new day will come, you will find your happiness," Hanna said with a trembling voice, trying to hold back her tears. 
Iris had seen Hanna say those words for the last fifteen years, since she was assigned to be her personal maid, a new day would surely come, but she had never found her happiness. 
And with tears in her eyes, Iris was told that she couldn't afford to make the alpha wait, so she needed to go now. 
With heavy steps, another guard escorted her to the alpha's chambers, the room that her father occupied before. 
The room, where her father would bring countless women to look for pleasure. The thought of it sickened her to the stomach. 
"The alpha is away, you can wait inside," the guard said, as he opened the door. He looked at her impassively. 
The alpha is not here?
###Chapter 7: YOUR SLAVE IS WAITING INSIDE
Chapter 7: YOUR SLAVE IS WAITING INSIDE
District six, this was the district where Mason gathered his power. The place where the previous heir to the alpha title concentrated his influence in. 
Therefore, it was quite a headache for them to get to the bottom of it, especially when it was only two weeks, since the power was overturned and those who supported Mason still believed they could turn the tables around. 
It was a precarious period, where anything could happen and Cane had to be very cautious about it. 
"All the people had gathered inside the house, what do you want us to do alpha?" Will asked Cane, after he reported what had transpired here. 
Inside a building that was disguised as a restaurant, around twelve people had gathered, who were none other than Mason's supporters, as they tried to plan a counterattack. Their goal was to get the alpha's son out of the prison. 
Based on the information that Cane had gathered, they would first take Mason out of this pack and then gather their power by asking help from other packs that had been acquainted with alpha Gerald for years. 
There was a high chance they would help, as long as Mason could survive getting out of this pack, after all, they didn't want Cane to take revenge on them. 
The moment Cane managed to merge the two packs together, the power balance would be disrupted and they didn't want a former slave like Cane to be on the top of the power chain. 
"Shift and wait for my command to attack." Cane looked at the closed restaurant with cold eyes. He led this operation himself because it was very important to catch them all. 
"Yes, alpha," Will said, as he relayed the order to the others. 
"We have come so far," Jace said, as he stood on the alpha's right side. "Let's end this misery." They had gone through hell and back for them to be able to stand here today and those ten years of slavery would forever scar them. 
Cane said nothing, as he shifted into his black wolf, followed by the other shifters. There were around thirty of them and they were ready to wreak havoc tonight. 
The alpha took the lead and dashed toward the closed building, soon after which a thick scent of blood filled the air and the quiet night was suffused with screams and agony. Death hung so low tonight around this certain building... 
======================== 
Iris waited for Cane inside the bedroom. She sat on the couch near a window, as she stared at the back garden. 
She played there often when she was a child and this brought back a bunch of bitter memories to her. 
At that time she was eight, she had a friend, a little boy from the stables, who showed her a foal and she fell in love with the creature. They even named the foal and Iris would sneak out of her bedroom to go see him, as both of them played with other horses. 
However, her father found out that she was not in her quarters and roamed in places that he didn't approve of. 
Her father didn't want her to be seen by many people, as she was born a disgrace to him and felt humiliated by her mere existence. 
The only thing that kept Iris alive was the idea that the alpha could sell her to form a connection with other packs. After all, no matter how embarrassing she was, she still had value as the alpha's only daughter. 
Therefore, once Gerald found out that Iris formed a friendship with the boy from the stables, he ordered his men to beat the boy to death and cut the foal. Everything happened right before Iris' eyes, as her father made her watch what would happen if she dared to try to do the same thing again. 
The threat worked, Iris locked herself inside her bedroom with only Hanna being allowed to enter and she was the only person that she talked to for years. 
She was afraid that she would cause someone else to be killed again. 
Iris closed her eyes, she shuddered and then drew the curtains shut to block the view. She didn't want to go back to that memory when she would face something dreadful soon. 
For hours, Iris waited for Cane to come, as her heart was beating so fast. She knew that she couldn't avoid this. 
But then, when the night grew deeper and the silence was very comforting, Iris couldn't keep her eyes open for long. She was tired, not to mention she just recovered from a fever. 
With sleepiness that she couldn't fight, she curled herself on the couch, hugging herself like she used to do when she was locked in the attic. She was so small and the cloak that covered her body acted as a blanket for her. 
======================= 
Cane returned from the fierce battle, blood dried on his shirt and skin, as his face grew colder at the fact that three of them managed to escape. 
Those rats were hard to catch. 
"Double the protection around the pack house and dispatch a searching team, also tell Ethan to pay close attention to Mason. I will give him a personal visit." Cane gave the order to Jace, as he walked in the corridor toward his bedroom with Will following him close and his beta went away to relay his order. 
All the guards and people there bowed their heads when the alpha walked past them. 
The night was so gloomy and the alpha's mood was not really good at this time. 
"Will, go to the border and close the entry. No one goes out or comes into the pack." He needed to get rid of this bloody scent. He felt repulsed. 
Will nodded and left his side, as they arrived at the alpha's chamber. Two guards politely greeted him and opened the door. 
"Your slave is waiting inside, Alpha," one of the guards informed him. 
Cane frowned. He completely forgot about Iris.
###Chapter 8: A REMINDER OF THE DARK TIME
Chapter 8: A REMINDER OF THE DARK TIME
Cane had ordered the maid named Hanna to bring Iris into his chamber in three days, whether she got better or not. 
And now, to know her coming to his chamber on her own feet, it seemed, her condition had improved. 
However, Cane was too tired and he had a lot more important things to do than to entertain his enemy's daughter. 
Once he was inside, he saw Iris sleeping on the sofa, she curled her body in such a way that made Cane almost miss her if he didn't pay her close attention. Her body was so small and skinny. 
Cane frowned, he halted in his step for a while and stared at the bundle of flesh on his sofa for a few seconds. Her body moved gently, as she breathed, indicating that she was still alive, which was a good thing, since he had not even started yet. 
But then, Cane didn't have time to do anything to her, because he needed to go to the dungeon and see Mason. 
At that thought, Cane walked toward the bathroom and took a quick bath, to get rid of the repulsive smell of blood from his body and then changed into a set of clean clothes. He didn't even spare a glance at the bundle of flesh on his sofa when he walked out of the room. 
Cane went straight to the dungeon, where he met his gamma, Ethan, who was grinning from ear to ear at the sight of him. 
"Are we ready to chop off all of his fingers?" He asked excitedly, as he approached the alpha. "Can I do that? I will chop every single one off them little by little." 
Cane threw the gamma a quick glance, his expression was devoid of any emotions. "I heard you chopped off his manhood." 
"Yes," Ethan replied proudly. "I chopped it off and let him watch as the dog ate it." 
"Okay." That was the only answer that Cane gave him, but he didn't explicitly give the permission to cut off Mason's fingers. 
"Huft, cutting his fingers will not kill him," he muttered to himself, but Jace hit the back of his head to make him stop complaining, as both of them went into the cell, where Mason was held. 
Thankfully he was a shifter, or else, he would have been an inch away from death with his current condition. 
"Fuck you slave! FUCK YOU!" Mason was furious when he caught the sight of Cane. He was stripped naked, that was why his castrated manhood was clear to see. It looked so ugly and messy down there. "I should have killed you! I SHOULD HAVE LET THOSE SAVAGES CUT YOU OFF!" 
It was Mason's thing to see the slaves that he owned to have forced sex with a few people and his current addiction was to watch men actually being fucked by men. 
His favorite slaves were, of course, Cane and Ethan, while Jace was still under his father's possession, after he gave Cane, as a gift on his birthday. 
"What?!" Mason roared and then he cackled. "Do you like it?! I bet you will never forget that sweet moment when those men fucked you!" 
Mason was right. None of them would forget those dark days. Even if their mind, by some miracle, would be able to forget, their body wouldn't. The evidence was there. 
"My people will get me out of here and you will suffer! YOU WILL TASTE MY WRATH!" Mason looked crazy right now. "I AM YOUR MASTER, YOU FUCKING SLAVES!" 
It was Ethan who cracked first. His happy go lucky expression turned dangerous. His cold eyes became colder. And when he marched toward Mason with his claws emerging from his fingers, he was ready to shut this motherfucker's mouth forever. 
"Stop him," Cane said to Jace. "I need him alive. Death is too easy for him." 
Jace immediately rushed to stop Ethan, but he needed two more guards to drag the gamma away from there, as he was out of control, but the alpha pressed down his beast, thus he couldn't shift. It was one of the things that you would be able to do once you reach the position of an alpha. 
"LET ME GO! I WILL FUCKING KILL HIM!" Ethan roared ferociously. 
On a normal day, he would look like a sweet boy, who wouldn't be able to hurt even an insect, but when his trauma was triggered, he was ready to kill anyone within his vicinity, until he couldn't. 
It was not the alpha, nor the beta, who had the higher amount of their enemy's deaths on their hands. It was him. He was akin to a killing machine when the coup happened. 
If it was not for Cane that stopped Ethan at that time, he would have killed anyone without stopping, until he couldn't. 
Ethan was dragged away from the cell, but his roars and curses could still be heard in the distance, as he was being calmed down in the other room. 
"What? Do you have mercy on me?" Mason was laughing until his whole body was shaking. His laugh echoed in this dimmed cell room. "You are like your father, a soft- hearted coward, that's why my father managed to raze your pack." 
Cane's father was just and wise and everyone respected him, but it seemed such traits didn't suit this world, where you have to deal with things violently, where the weaker would be killed in order to display power. 
"Oh, I heard how my father killed Leana..." Mason spoke eerily and a smile tugged on the corners of his lips when he saw the change of expression on Cane's face at the mention of that name. "I heard she is pregnant with your first child." He smirked when anger flashed in Cane's dark eyes. 
This was what he wanted. If he couldn't hurt him by whipping him or any physical torture, he still could remind him about the death of his poor mate. 
"She called your name, my father said..."
###Chapter 9: GO TO THE TABLE AND TURN AROUND
Chapter 9: GO TO THE TABLE AND TURN AROUND
"She called your name, my father said..." Mason smirked to see fire lighting up Cane's cold eyes. "She kept calling your name when my father cut open her stomach and took your baby out of her womb." He cackled like a madman. "It is unfortunate that I was not there when that happened, since I was too young to witness such a violent scene." 
It was so laughable for Mason to say that when he killed someone for the first time he was only ten. Violence coursed through his blood. 
"Oh, do you know? You have a baby boy, since your mate was heavily pregnant at that time, the baby had already formed in her stomach." His lit up face dimmed when he spoke again. "Unfortunately the baby didn't make it and my father just tossed him away." 
That was one thing that no one ever spoke about. His people would never dare to mention anything about it to the point they pretended such a heartbreaking moment had never happened. They would never forget about it, but they buried the memories deep in their hearts. 
Cane closed his eyes and when he opened them again, he returned to his callous self, before he walked toward Mason and this calmness made him furious. 
Before this, the first five years of his slavery, the mere mention of his mate would be able to trigger Cane and make him wreak havoc. It was such entertainment to see how he fought six to fifteen people before he was able to be put down. 
But right now, Cane wasn't even close to causing destruction. He was so calm, it was terrifying. 
He stood right in front of Mason, stared straight into his eyes and spoke callously. "She is already dead. No matter what you say, she is already dead." The corners of his lips tugged upward in a mocking smile. "Is that what you got? Is that the only thing that you can do? A clumsy attempt to hurt me with the story that I have heard for years? There is nothing new?" 
Mason and his father would use the same method to press the feral button on Cane when they wanted some entertainment, but it seemed, what a wise man said was true; let it hurt until it will not hurt anymore. 
"Now you don't care about the death of your mate and your son anymore, huh?" 
"Is there any difference whether I care or not?" Cane flicked his fingers and a guard came to him, ready to receive his order. "I will show you a new method of torture." He then glanced at the guard. "Bring them in." 
The guards hastily walked out of the cell and with his fellow guards, they went to get what the alpha wanted. 
"What? Who are they? Who do you want to bring here?!" Mason threw a glare at the cell door. "Do you want to make savages rape me, like I did to you?!" Mason cackled like a madman. He cursed, he swore and he kept talking about Leane, as if he knew her, as if he had met her before. 
However, despite all of that, Cane remained the same. He just stood there silently, watching this crazy man spout trash from his mouth. 
It took two minutes for the guards to return, but they came back with nine boxes in their hands, as they lined them up in front of Mason while the alpha settled himself on top of a wooden chair. 
"These are gifts for you," Cane said calmly, as a guard opened the first box and pulled out the thing from inside of it and put it on full display for Mason to see. 
The moment his eyes laid on the first thing, he let out a mortifying scream that echoed throughout the cell. 
"Former beta of your father's pack, Collin McKenzie," Cane introduced the first head. "He is a little bit messy right now, but I am sure you will recognize him." 
This man had forced Cane to have sex with a young girl from the Howling Wolf pack, his own people. The girl was around the age of sixteen, while he was twenty eight. 
Cane was forced to do it with her for a whole night and it caused the girl a great trauma. It was highly unlikely she would ever recover from it. 
"YOU BASTARD! FUCK YOU! I WILL KILL YOU! I WILL KILL YOU!" Mason thrashed against the chains that chained both of his legs and arms, he was propped in an X position, only hanging by the chains that kept him standing. 
For Mason, Beta Collin was someone that had taught him a lot of things, he was like an uncle to him and both of them were so close. 
"Calm down, I will introduce you to the second head," Cane said casually, as he pulled out another head from the second box and introduced it. He did the same with all the nine of them. 
However, those screams of pain, agony and anger from Mason didn't satisfy him. 
There was something wrong with Cane, there was definitely something broken, as he was unable to feel any satisfaction. 
============================= 
Iris woke up from her sleep when she felt someone's eyes on her. The glaring was so intense that she was woken up with a start and immediately sat down, only to find out it was Cane, who was sitting across from her, staring down at her with his dark eyes. 
She was not sure what he was thinking, but he looked even scarier than the last time they met. 
"Go to the table and turn around," Cane ordered her. There was no warmth in his voice whatsoever, the moment he saw Iris had woken up, he didn't even give her time to register what was happening and the imminent danger that lurked at her. "Now." 
Iris scrambled to her feet in a hurry. She was too scared. Hanna said it would be less painful if she followed what Cane said obediently and didn't anger him.
###Chapter 10: BLOOD BETWEEN HER LEGS
Chapter 10: BLOOD BETWEEN HER LEGS
Once Cane returned to his bedroom, his callous demeanor shattered. Anger and hatred were the most prominent feelings that he felt at that moment. 
His whole body was trembling, he was seething. He wanted to crush Mason's head when he started talking about Leane. 
Leane... 
His sweet mate. 
His fated mate, who was carrying their child when she was killed brutally by alpha Gerald. He was there, watching helplessly when the love of his life breathed her last, as they gutted her belly and took out his son. 
He watched all of that nightmare that turned him insane unfold right before his eyes. 
It took everything in him to stop himself from killing Mason right there and then, acting callous, as if that didn't bother him any longer. 
Cane rubbed his face roughly and walked toward his bed, only for him to find Iris still curled on the sofa from the corner of his eye. 
Iris. 
Alpha Gerald's only daughter. 
Leane was the same age as Iris when she was pregnant and killed. 
And even after ten years had passed, Leane would always be the sweet woman in her twenties. She was always that brilliant and bright woman that he loved. The woman that was taken away from him brutally. 
Cane then sat down on the sofa across from Iris. His mate was her age, but she was dead. 
Hatred built up in his heart, coursed through his veins, burning his body. 
Cane wanted to strangle Iris to death. He wanted to gut her stomach the same way they did to Leane. He wanted them to perish like what he and his people had suffered for years. 
He wanted the worst death possible for Alpha Gerald's children. 
He shouldn't have killed him at that time, but he was plagued by revenge and killed him in the heat of the moment. 
Probably because the hatred from him was too strong, which made the atmosphere turn very heavy, it caused Iris to wake up. 
She looked so fragile and vulnerable, her auburn hair fell on the sides of her face. Her big ocean blue eyes stared at Cane, horror soon filling them, but that was not enough. He wanted her to feel more pain than this. 
Cane didn't even wait for her to be really awake before he dragged her to the bed. He made sure that she could read his lips, though it was unfortunate that she couldn't hear the malice in his voice. 
Her wrist was so small, he felt like he could snap it in two easily. 
On the other hand, Iris was startled, but she knew better than saying anything and followed what she was told. She stumbled when she tried to follow his pace. 
The bed was huge, it was enough for six people to lay on, because her father loved to have multiple women to satisfy his lust. 
Once they were close to the bed, Cane threw her harshly, which exposed her thighs and made his eyes slightly darker. It was not out of lust, but anger. 
After he heard what Mason had said about his mate, it was only a sheer willpower that held him back from murdering that trash. 
But right now, he could do the same exact thing that Gerald had done to him and his people. 
Cane was so rough when he turned her body around and pressed her head into the pillow. Iris's heart sank when he lifted her dress and bundled it around her hips. This time, he didn't tear her clothes. Probably he was repulsed by the sight of the scars on her back. 
As a shifter, it was unusual to have scars on your body. 
Iris jolted when she felt Cane tear her undergarment and touch her inner thighs roughly. She had never been touched this way before. She was scared, but tried to remember what Hanna had told her. She needed to stay still and not do anything that could upset Cane even further, because it would be her, who would get hurt. 
However, this humiliation brought tears to her eyes. She bit her lip when she felt Cane touch her intimate part. 
Her whole body stiffened, especially when he touched her roughly, there was no gentleness whatsoever. Even though Iris knew there was no way he would treat her kindly, it was still painful and humiliating. 
"No..." Iris tried to wriggle her body to get away from Cane's grip, but he grabbed her hips firmly and didn't let her go anywhere, she was sure his grip on her body would leave bruises. 
However, the pain that she was feeling right now was not even an ounce of what came after this because a moment later, Iris cried in agony when she felt something intruding her private part. 
She gasped for air, her body was trembling and she fought to get away from Cane, but the stark difference in their strengths wouldn't allow her to do so. 
"No! Please, stop!" Iris cried when Cane forced himself on her. She felt like someone just split her body into two. Her vision was blurry because of her tears and she screamed so hard, she thought she would wake up the whole pack house. 
But, Cane didn't stop. He kept thrusting roughly, as if it was not pleasure that he sought, but pain. The same pain that he had endured for a decade. There was no way he would make it pleasant for Iris. He wanted to hurt her so badly. 
Iris had just recovered from her fever and she didn't have enough strength to match with Cane, even at her healthier moment, she wouldn't be able to stand such torture. 
Her body gave away, blood trickled down from between her legs, pooled on the bed sheet, as she felt her heart pound in her ears. She closed her eyes and waited for the pain to end. 
On the other hand, Cane grunted when he saw blood smear the sheets, the glaring red color, the same color that dyed his mate's body when they gutted out their son from his mother's belly. 
Cane stopped his movements when he saw it was too much for Iris. This kind of torture was not something that she could bear. 
He hated it that he had to stop, because more than this, he would kill her and that was not his intention. 
At least, not now...
###Chapter 11: DRAGON HEART
Chapter 11: DRAGON HEART
After that night with the alpha, Iris was down with a fever for more than a week. She was barely conscious when she was fed and drank her medicine, but her fever didn't break until the fifth day and after that she could only stay in bed, hearing Hanna weep for her as she cursed the alpha under her breath to make her missy go through hell. 
But then, if the alpha really wanted to take his revenge on Iris by using the same method Alpha Gerald had used on him, Iris wouldn't be here. She would have been thrown to the savages and left to be feasted upon. 
Or maybe got her private part scalded with boiling oil, like her father had done to Alpha Cane. 
Yes. Her father had ruined Cane's private part and they laughed about it. Hanna was not there, but she heard a very disturbing story about the event. Alpha Cane was only an inch away from death, while the other five alphas watched it. 
And it didn't happen only once. They treated it as an amusement for them. 
If Cane was not a direct descendent from an alpha, or he was only a mere shifter, he wouldn't have survived such torture. 
"Hanna... water..." Iris's voice cracked. She woke up early because she felt thirsty. Her throat was so dry and her lips were chapped. 
During this week, the alpha didn't bother her at all. There was no message from the alpha that he needed her to pleasure him either. Everything was so quiet. 
"Here, Miss, drink this..." Hanna brought a cup of water to her lips when she heard her whimpering. Tears welled up in her eyes to see her condition right now. 
Meanwhile, out there, the sky had turned so bright, it was almost noon when Iris woke up, though she lost track of time by now. 
"Do you want more?" Hanna asked attentively. She wiped water from her lips and laid her down on the bed again. 
This bed was not as comfortable as the bed that she used to sleep in, but this was better than the dungeon. 
Iris blinked her eyes, she fought back the urge to fall asleep again. Usually, she wouldn't have the strength to stay awake for long, but this time, she forced herself to open her eyes and looked at Hanna, who was sitting on the floor, next to her bed, while holding on to her hand. 
"Thank you..." Iris said, her voice was so small, Hanna needed to lean close to her to catch what she was saying. 
"You don't need to thank me, Miss, I can't do anything to save you..." She felt helpless when she saw Iris returned in the arms of the guards, bleeding and unconscious. 
She didn't know what kind of torture that she had gone through, but looking from her condition, she could tell what it was. 
Hanna tried to find a healer to treat her, but despite doing her job, she didn't care much about Iris, the nefarious alpha's daughter. As long as Iris didn't die, she was not willing to do more than that. 
All the people despised her for what her father had done to them, even though Iris was not part of any of those malicious activities. Iris had never hurt them in any form when all she did was stay inside her room, since her father would be angry if she roamed around the place and met other people. 
"Miss, they shouldn't have treated you like this..." Hanna whimpered. She looked Iris right in the eyes, as she held her hands even tighter, as if she was afraid that she would slip away from her. "This is not fair for you. They are directing their anger wrongly." 
Iris blinked her eyes. She stared at her maid with an unfathomable gaze. 
"What my father had done to them wasn't fair either. That's how this world works." 
The beating that she received from her brother was not fair. The way her father showed her contempt because she was born as a runt was not fair either. 
However, what could they do? Talking about it wouldn't make things any different. No one would believe her. It was her words against them. There was no need to make a fuss over this. 
"Hanna, I need something..." Iris bit her lip, she looked hesitant to say this. 
"Yes, tell me what you need. I will get it for you." Hanna's eyes slightly lit up, because Iris had rarely asked for anything. "Do you want food? Is there some food that you want? I will get it for you." 
It would be difficult, but it was not impossible. She knew a lot of people in the kitchen. After all, she was only a servant, just like them, what the higher ranking people did or how the power struggle went, wouldn't make them live better. 
"No," Iris said, she was getting sleepy now. She felt her eyelids droop. "I want some tea... that tea..." 
"What tea, Miss?" Hanna came closer because her voice was getting smaller and smaller. 
"Dragon heart tea..." 
Hanna's face blanched, she gritted her teeth and then nodded, tears rolled down her face. "I will... I will get it for you. You need to rest now and you can get it once you wake up, okay?" 
Iris nodded and closed her eyes. 
Dragon heart's leaves were effective in preventing pregnancy. 
Iris was not so na?ve to not know about this. She didn't want to bear Cane's child. She didn't want to get pregnant by him in this situation. 
She didn't know what he had done to her that night after she fell unconscious because the agony was too much. 
The pain wrecked her insides and no matter how many times Hanna wiped her to clean her body, she would never feel clean. 
Was this how those people in the Howling Wolf pack felt when they were turned into slaves? 
This feeling was so awful... 
They didn't deserve this, neither did she... 
"Sleep, young miss. I will be here," Hanna whispered into her ear, as she caressed her cheek.
###Chapter 12: YOU CAN DO AS YOU PLEASE
Chapter 12: YOU CAN DO AS YOU PLEASE
"You look so tired," Aria said, as she entered Cane's study room, she was holding a tray. "I brought you snacks and tea, you need to rest, my alpha." 
Aria looked so beautiful in her white dress. She looked almost like a high ranking shifter in the pack, even though she was born as a slave. Because she was the only woman that was beside Cane for the last three years, people respected her as Cane's woman. 
Some people even went as far as saying that she would be the future luna of the pack and in Aria's mind, she was thinking the same. 
Alpha Cane's mate had died along with their firstborn and the chances of him getting a second chance mate were so slim. 
Finding a second chance mate was akin to a miracle. It was so rare, but was not unheard of. 
However, they needed to stabilize their pack soon and having a luna would reassure people that the Alpha wouldn't leave the position empty forever. It would also secure the bloodline. 
"Thank you, Aria," Cane said, without lifting his head from the documents in front of him. All of those were petitions for him not to merge the two packs together, because it would disrupt the power balance in this continent, which seemed laughable to Cane. 
They didn't mind it when it was his pack that was being swallowed by the Blue Moon pack, but now they were making a fuss when he did exactly the same thing. 
"This tea will help you. You will have a good rest." Aria started to brew the tea leaves. 
"I will never have a good rest." Cane didn't shift his focus from writing the answer for those ridiculous petitions. He really wanted to add some curses in his writings, instead of talking formally to them, but in his current condition, his people couldn't afford to go to another war. 
The coup had taken many great warriors from both sides. Many people had died for him to sit in this position. 
"Here, drink this first." Aria took the paper from his hands and handed him a cup of tea. "Take a five minute break, you need it." 
Aria then walked behind him and started to massage his stiff shoulders. She helped him to relax, while Cane drank his tea. She learned this from her slavery days, when Gerald's mistresses would treat him like he was some kind of God. 
She remembered how pleased he was and she wanted Cane to feel the same. 
"You have done so well, my alpha. You have been so busy these days." Aria started, her fingers skillfully put some pressure in the right spots and made Cane feel a little bit relaxed. He soon put the tea cup down and just closed his eyes. He had not slept for two days straight, but this was nothing to him. He had gone through hell before this. "Alpha, I heard that woman has woken up." 
Aria stated and Cane knew exactly what she wanted, even when she just started speaking. 
"The servants feel restless because she takes days to recover and stays in the servant's room instead of the dungeon, after all she is supposed to be a captive of war. She should be no higher than a slave, but you are very lenient to her." 
Aria felt bitter when she heard that Cane spent the night with Iris, but when she saw the aftermath, she was quite satisfied. Their alpha had exacted their revenge and was not swayed by compassion. 
"When will you torture her again?" All the high ranking shifters of Alpha Gerald's reign had been turned into slaves for those who managed to survive the coup, which extended to their families as well and now, they were working in the mines. 
"She is a runt. She will not last long if we torture her very often." Cane didn't open his eyes. He was grateful for the massage, but this kind of conversation gave him a headache. 
He thirsted for revenge and tortured those people that had brutalized him and his people, but aside from that there was another important thing that he had to do first, which was; strengthen his new reign. 
There was no guarantee if they would be attacked or there was a mutt or two that managed to escape from this place and gathered strength out there. Their position was still risky. 
"If you treat her gently, people will start to talk." 
Cane wanted to end this conversation. The nice massage was not worth adding to his headache. "What do you want?" 
"Why don't you make her work in the mines?" Aria suggested. The runt would die miserably if she worked there. 
Cane was silent for a while before he spoke curtly. "You can do as you please."
A bright smile curled on the corners of Aria's lips, she wanted to kiss him, but she knew that he hated it. During the years that they were together, he had never allowed her to kiss him, not even a small peck on his cheek. 
"Thank you!" Aria was all smiles. 
========================== 
It took a total of ten days for Iris to feel better and finally manage to get up from her bed. She looked a little bit pale, but she had always been like that. She was wearing a long-sleeved dress that looked shabby on her and humbled her appearance, but wasn't able to hide her beauty. 
"Miss," Hanna called her, as she nudged her hand. She was staring out the window. It was a rainy day and the gloomy sky almost felt like a perfect picture of what she was feeling right now. 
"Yes?" Iris turned her head and looked at Hanna, who was smiling, but what she would say was not something that could be called as a good news. She could tell that from her eyes. 
"The alpha's mistress wants to see you," Hanna said, as she moved uneasily. "She wants to see you now." 
Aria. 
Iris had met her before.
###Chapter 13: WORK IN THE MINES
Chapter 13: WORK IN THE MINES
Aria. She was a slave, born as a slave, that was why she didn't have a last name, because just like any other slave, they didn't need that, since their status was even lower than the omegas in the pack. But now, she became an important figure once the Howling Wolf pack managed to free themselves from the slavery. 
All of this was thanks to her relationship with the alpha. 
People respected her for her loyalty toward the alpha and how close they were for the last three years. There was even a rumor that said that Aria was the woman, who encouraged the alpha for the coup, but that was simply too far fetched. 
After all, it was only a rumor. 
Aria stood haughtily in front of Iris. She lifted her chin, as if she came from a royal family, looking down on her subject. She was full of herself right now. 
"Iris," Aria said her name with so much malice in her voice, as if a layer of venom spread over the tip of her tongue when she breathed out her name. 
Iris raised her head, only to receive a harsh slap across her face. She fell to the floor because her body was still recovering and she was too weak for another round of torture. 
"Ah!" Iris screamed in pain when her hair was yanked by Aria, she felt as if her hair was being pulled from her scalp. 
Aria forced Iris to look at her and there she saw a deep hatred in her eyes. She would kill her if she got a chance. 
"How was your night with the alpha? Was it fun?" 
The mention of it made Iris shudder, she didn't want to remember the pain that coursed through her body, as if someone cut her body in half, also the humiliation. 
Iris whimpered, but she tried to not make any more sounds. She was already used to this pain. Even before these people were forced into slavery, she already endured such torture from her brother, while her father would always turn a blind eye to it. 
She was a failure in his bloodline after all, a runt like her didn't hold so much value, because her value lay in the fact that she was the alpha's only daughter. 
"It is such a pity you are so weak, that you were born as a fucking runt, so we need to be careful not to kill you. Death is a very easy way out for you and I don't want to make your life easy after what your fucking father had done to us!" 
And another harsh slap landed on Iris's face, she tasted blood when her lip got cut and her cheeks bled because Aria's long nails grazed her skin. The alpha's mistress kicked her stomach a few times, as if to make sure that she wouldn't carry the alpha's child. 
In Aria's mind, she did Cane a favor, since he wouldn't want to have his first child born from his enemy's daughter. 
After she let out a fraction of her hatred toward Iris, she called two women, who were standing on the side during the onslaught. 
"Take her to the mines and make her work from the sunrise until sunset," Aria said in an authoritative voice. She looked down on Iris. "This is an order from the alpha." 
The two women gladly took Iris to the mines upon hearing this was the alpha's order, though they needed to half drag her away from there, because she couldn't support herself for a while. 
"Stand up!" Dalia, the girl with blonde hair shouted at her. She was a slave in the Howling Wolf pack, but her nightmares started when she became a slave in the Blue Moon pack. 
It was Aria, who took care of her and a few other women that she could take care of, since they only had each other at that time. 
And now, when they were already free, she pledged her loyalty to Aria, just like other women, after all, they believed Aria would be their luna one day, since the alpha had no other woman besides her. 
Meanwhile, the girl with black hair named Bian, looked at Iris, but didn't say anything. She propped her on her shoulder, waited for her to be able to stand on her own and then walked toward the mines, where the pack members of the Blue Moon pack gathered and worked until the day they died, just like what they had done to them. 
"Here, wear this." Bian gave Iris a shabby dress, in the color of brown. It looked so dirty and there was a stain of blood in one of its corners. 
They didn't even bother to wash the dress, as they would just fold the dress when the slave died and give it to the next one. 
Just how many owners of that dress had died? Whose blood was that? 
However, all of that was not important to Iris now. There was nothing she could do to refuse it. 
Silently, Iris took the dress. "Where can I get changed?" She asked Bian, she looked a little bit nicer than Dalia, who openly showed her hatred. 
"You need to change here." Bian's tone was almost apologetic when she spoke, but then she cleared her throat and all the pity that came over her a moment ago vanished into thin air. 
"Here?" Iris looked around her surroundings. 
This was the first time she went to the mines and especially to such a huge room. 
This room was akin to a hall, but a little bit smaller than that, where there were many lockers to store each slave's dress and a few belongings they had. There was no privacy here, as they had to change their dresses into their 'uniforms' and go immediately to the mines, before the slave trainer whipped them because they were late. 
Iris balled her fists tightly, the dress felt so rough in her hands, the fabric was made of the worst material. 
"Okay," Iris said, as she started to undress herself.
###Chapter 14: WE NEED TO GET RID OF THEM
Chapter 14: WE NEED TO GET RID OF THEM
There were only Bian and two more girls, a little bit older than Iris, who changed their dresses and then immediately went out of this room. 
Iris put on the dress and it felt like she was wearing a rug, but she didn't complain about it and folded her earlier dress to put it into the locker. 
"You can only leave the site after the sunset and only if the slave trainer allows you." Bian glanced at Iris briefly, she looked so calm for someone, who knew what kind of fate that was waiting for her. "And if he didn't allow you to go, you have to keep working, do you understand?" 
"Yes," Iris replied briefly. 
Once they were outside, they met with Dalia. She had been waiting for them and looked impatient. Her sharp eyes stared at Iris, but she simply looked somewhere else. 
It was not a new thing for Iris to be treated this way, therefore, she knew the rule that she couldn't look them directly in their eyes, since it could be interpreted as a confrontation. Someone of lower rank, shouldn't look the upper ranking shifters in their eyes for long, it was disrespectful. 
"Here." Dalia shoved a shovel into her hand, this small shovel was only the size of Iris palm. "Use this and start digging. He will tell you what to do." 
Iris turned her attention to the man beside Dalia, he was so big and tall, probably as big as the alpha, though Cane was taller. His demeanor was so intimidating, which worked for his job as a slave trainer. 
"Is she that nefarious alpha's daughter?" The man's voice was full of resentment. 
"Yes, she is. She is a runt, so probably she will not be much help." Dalia smirked, it seemed she was happy to see how the slave trainer was repulsed by the sight of Iris. "Oh, I forgot to tell you something." 
Dalia then pinched Iris's chin and lifted her head up. 
"You need to make sure that she looks at you when you talk." 
Stone gave her a questioning look. 
"She has difficulty with hearing," Dalia informed him. "But, she can read lips. That's why you need to make her look at you when you want to talk to her." 
This was a humiliation that Iris always got from her brother and the other girls around her age. Though she was the alpha's daughter, with her condition and character, they used to mock her, knowing that no one would stand up for her. 
"We should have crushed her head with a stone rather than let her live and breathe the same air as us." 
"Easy, Stone. The alpha wants her to live. Death is too easy for her." Dalia patted the man named Stone, on his shoulder, as if to calm him down. 
"Yeah, but accidents happen in the mines every day, right?" Stone spoke so callously. 
"You are very right about that," Dalia said in a cheeky voice. Her eyes couldn't hide her hatred. "You don't need to worry, this is the alpha's order. He wants this runt to be here." 
"Oh, that's great!"
Iris could feel a chill run down her spine when she read the way they talked about her, but she kept her mouth shut and showed no expression. Mason always said that her face was annoying. 
She shifted her attention to the barren land before her eyes and breathed raggedly. This was the first time she was here. Hanna always said that working in the mines was akin to hell, now she seemed to know why. 
There was no shady area, which meant, you would be directly exposed to the bright sun above your head and this could make you dizzy and dehydrated. 
Let alone working, even standing there in this kind of condition would be so hard. 
Iris was staring at the vast barren land before her eyes and flinched when Stone pinched her chin and directed her eyes at him. He looked terrifying and the resentment in his eyes was very palpable, he used it as a cloak around him. 
"Put this on." He raised his hand and showed an anklet to Iris before he threw it on the ground. "And follow me." 
Iris immediately recognized the anklet, they used this to keep track of the slaves, just in case they would run away. It gave off a certain scent that was easy for the hunters of the pack to track them down. 
Without questioning anything, Iris put it on her left ankle and followed Stone. She ignored what Dalia was saying, not putting any effort to read her lips, since it wouldn't help and only hurt her more. 
============================ 
"The king will come in a month," Jace said, as he read a message that just arrived this morning, informing them that the king would grace them with his presence, which was bullshit. 
The king only wanted to make sure that Cane wouldn't go with his plan to merge the two packs together. 
"Distant nephew?" Jace scoffed. "Now he wants to play the family card with you?" The beta read the last few words and immediately felt repulsed by how shameless this alpha king was. 
He didn't address himself as king Aeon of the Ogregon kingdom, but he called himself as Cane's distant relative. His uncle. 
"I feel like I want to vomit," Jace mumbled under his breath. 
King Aeon was the illegitimate son of Cane's mother's father and he managed to be crowned as the king after he got rid of all the other eligible candidates. It was kind of a bloody event at that time, but it was not unusual for some power struggle in the court. 
"Will you receive him here?" Jace put down the paper and then directed his attention toward his alpha. 
"The pack house in the Howling Wolf pack wouldn't be ready by that time," Cane said. 
"I think we need to get rid of Gerald's children before he comes. I feel like he has a hidden agenda with his visit."
###Chapter 15: I WILL MAKE YOU FEEL GOOD
Chapter 15: I WILL MAKE YOU FEEL GOOD
Cane's mother, Chrystal was the firstborn of the previous king, but because she chose to step down from the royal battle for the throne and married her mate, the alpha of the Howling Wolf pack, she managed to escape the massacre at that time. 
However, when the Howling Wolf pack fell into slavery, not even once, the king interfered, or helped them in any way possible. 
They let the slavery of his own uncle's pack stretch for more than ten years, before Cane could gather power and managed a coup against alpha Gerald. He won the battle, but it didn't mean they could breathe in relief yet, since they were still in a predicament. 
"I think we need to get rid of Gerald's children before he comes. I feel he has a hidden agenda with his visit," Jace said. 
Of course, the king did. What else was the reason he suddenly wanted to visit this pack if he didn't? 
"Do you have any idea why he wants to visit now?" It was only a little over a month ago they managed to trample Alpha Gerald's reign and it was still a pretty heated situation at this moment. 
"No." The answer was very curt, but Jace was used to this, since Cane was not fond of talking much, though there were a lot of things in his mind. "We will figure out when he is here." 
"What would you do if he disagreed to merge the two packs? Will you let go of the Blue Moon pack?" Jace was a little bit riled up. 
"If there is no way, we have to do what is best for our people." 
If they let go of the Blue Moon pack, it meant, they had to let go of the pack members as well. They didn't mind those, who weren't involved with the torture of the slaves, but for the higher ranking ones, if they had to let them go as well, it would be something huge for them. 
Because those people were the people who had tortured them for a decade and now when they finally had the chance to exact their revenge, they had to let them go? What bullshit!? 
"If we have to hand over this pack, it will be better to hand the king a pack full of corpses. I would love to behead them all." Jace indicated those higher ranking ones from the Blue Moon pack to be killed, rather than to see them restore their glory. 
"That will anger the king," Cane said simply. 
"So, what?! That bastard king didn't even help us at all when the Blue Moon pack enslaved us, but now he wants to interfere?!" Jace was furious. He felt it was unfair and he had never liked the king to begin with. 
"And then risk our people going to another war?" Cane shifted his attention toward his beta, he was standing near his desk, putting down the document in his hand. "Do you really think we can afford another war? And what then? We lose the war and become slaves again?" 
Jace was silent. He knew that they couldn't afford it now, let alone a war with the king, even a war with any one of the other packs was too much for them now. They lost so many people and the warriors from the Blue Moon pack were not willing to pledge their loyalty to Cane. 
Currently, they were working in the mines now. 
The tension was so high and of course, if the beta was so concerned about this matter, the alpha was put under a lot more pressure about this. 
Right at that time, someone knocked on the door twice and then entered the room without getting any permission, but they knew who it was. It was only her who would do such a thing. 
Aria waltzed into the room with a tray of teaware in her hands, she smiled at Jace and greeted him cheerfully. 
"I brought you chamomile tea, I heard this will help you with sleep." Aria went to put the tray on the desk and started brewing said tea.
Seeing this, Jace resigned himself. He assumed the alpha needed private time with his woman. It was only Aria who had been in an intimate relationship with the alpha for the past three years. 
From the way the beta looked at it, it was only her, who could offer a piece of comfort for Cane. 
"I don't think I will be able to sleep," Cane said. "I have a lot of things to do." Sleep had never come so easily to him in the last ten years. He always had this nightmare where those people laughed at his pain and humiliation, while he couldn't do anything when his people suffered and were tortured right before his eyes. 
"My alpha, you need to relax..." Aria then strode toward him and put her arms around his neck, as she pressed her body so close to him. "I will make you feel good tonight." 
Cane's face was devoid of any emotions. 
"It has been a while, right? You need to vent out your emotions." Aria tiptoed, but Cane glared at her, she should know the rule that he wouldn't do anything affectionate with her and he didn't like to be kissed. 
The gesture repulsed him. 
Their relationship was only based on carnal desire and comfort. For Cane, he started to do this with Aria because of only one reason. 
He needed her to vent out his desire. Cane had made things very clear since the very beginning. 
Because Cane didn't want to have any affectionate bond, Aria went straight to the business. She caressed his manhood and slipped her hand inside his pants, as she felt his phallus. It felt so rough, the skin had been scalded countless times and it was hard to please him. 
"Undress and go to the bed." Cane pulled away her hand when he became hard from her touch. 
Hearing that, Aria went to bed happily. She stripped herself seductively when she walked there. 
With Cane, there were no playful things, he wanted to get down to the business immediately, but Aria didn't mind it. 
Once she was naked, she laid down on her back on the bed, her olive skin looked healthy now that she had people to take care of her and didn't need to stay covered in soot or having other men to have her. 
"Hngh..." Aria moaned when the alpha's fingers caressed her intimate part to prepare her, since it would be painful.
###Chapter 16: I DON’T WANT TO HURT YOU
Chapter 16: I DON'T WANT TO HURT YOU
Cane would only need Aria for pleasure, just to satisfy his carnal desires and because of one more reason in the past, why he did it with only Aria. 
Since Alpha Gerald scalded his private part by pouring boiling hot oil on it, he had a problem getting his needs met. It was pure torture when he got so aroused and couldn't find a way to get his release. 
His phallus was scarred badly and even though he still could function as a man, extra work was necessary to satisfy him, especially when he was not only seeking pleasure, but also pain. 
The bed creaked loudly every time Cane pounded into her. He gripped her hips tightly, until his nails embedded into her skin, drawing blood from her. 
"Argh...!" Aria cried when Cane slapped her intimate part and made her gasp, she felt the pain, but also pleasure. He was inside her and it had been a long time. She missed this moment with him. 
She liked it when she thought it was only her, who could make him satisfied. 
Aria cried even more when Cane raised both of her legs onto his shoulders, so he could thrust deeper, as he pinched her nipples. His eyes were so dangerous, they were clouded with insanity. 
She felt overwhelmed in this position, she felt so full and as if Cane blanketed her with his scent, as she came over and over again, but the alpha had not yet found his climax, he couldn't find his release and the longer it got, the more pain Aria was in. 
Cane then put down one of Aria's legs, but he went to her shoulder, he bit down on it, feeling the fresh blood in his mouth, which made Aria wept in agony, but he didn't stop. He let loose his animalistic side. 
This was one of the reasons why Cane didn't go through with Iris the first time, he only wanted to hurt her, but he didn't find his release with her, since she would have died if she had to go through what Aria was enduring right now. 
"My alpha..." Aria whimpered, she felt something warm drip from their joined bodies. She was not sure how many times he made her cum, but if he kept this going, Aria was afraid that she wouldn't be able to match his stamina. 
Aria closed her eyes, as she relished in the pain and pleasure that he gave to her, and the darkness surrounding them made everything feel so intense, even a single touch from him felt so delicious on her skin. 
Aria was breathing raggedly when he rocked his hips and stretched her legs even wider with his knees this time. He took her nipple into his mouth and pinched the other one. He was not gentle at all. 
Though Cane had done everything to her body, during their copulation, there was not a single kiss or a comforting word from him. He was so callous, as if he did this only for his ego and pleasure alone. 
"Cane... Cane... take me harder..." And Aria knew that, she wanted Cane to hurt her knowing it could make him feel better. She wanted her alpha to feel good after what he had gone through. Out of all the people, he deserved happiness more. "Take me harder..." 
In the end, after ten years of slavery and abuse, Cane wouldn't be able to distance himself from violence. 
He groaned and bit her shoulder again, as he thrust deeper and harder. He choked Aria and almost made the girl unable to breath for a few seconds when he got his release. 
A girl had died in the past when he tried to find his release from strangulation and Gerald laughed at him, who blanched because he had killed an innocent girl, a member of his pack. 
Cane suddenly stilled and then groaned when his seed shot out hard, dripping from their joined bodies, feeling warm against their skins. 
Only then, Cane released Aria's neck, where bruises had started to form. "Are you okay?" 
There would be no cuddling or lying on bed together, there were no kisses and caresses after they had done the deed, but Cane would always make sure that Aria was fine, whether she needed something after the violent act that he put her through. 
"I am... I am fine..." Aria said groggily, her whole body was in pain, her private part felt like it was on fire and her shoulder was bleeding, but the wounds would be healed in a matter of minutes. 
Cane's eyes became darker when he saw the dark circle around Aria's neck, where he choked her. 
"Ask a healer for concoction if your wounds feel painful." Cane looked away from her and rang the bell to call someone to enter the room, after he covered Aria's naked body with a blanket. 
"Yes, Alpha?" Will entered the room and lowered his head, the heavy scent of sex was in the air, but it didn't bother him, he slaved for ten years, he was used to this, especially when he knew Aria was inside. There would be only one business if the two of them were in a closed room together. 
"Ask Grilla to come." 
Grilla was the head servant and for her to come here, it meant she would help Aria to clean herself up and take care of the mess that they made. 
"Where are you going?" Aria winced when she tried to sit down, as she saw Cane start to dress up. 
"I will go out." Cane didn't explain any further about what he would do or where he would go. He had never explained himself to anyone. "Lay down in the next room if you still don't feel good." 
He didn't like to have anyone on his bed and even though they had shared intimate moments together, the closest their physics could get, but not even an inch could Aria touch his heart, the person behind that calm fa?ade. 
"And do not come to my room when I don't call you." Which meant, if he was not in need of pleasure, he didn't want Aria to come. 
However, the problem was; Cane could go for months without it. Aria could only initiate it, since he couldn't get it down once he was riled up and Aria knew about that. 
"Why?" 
"Because I don't want to hurt you."
###Chapter 17: THE MONSTER
Chapter 17: THE MONSTER
'Because I don't want to hurt you.' 
What Cane said kept ringing in Aria's mind. Her body was aching all over, but she was still able to feel the pleasant feeling of her releases, the way Cane took pleasure from her and the other way around. 
Cane had never been gentle with her, but she didn't complain, she liked it when they were together and she could do something for him that no one else was able to do. 
She felt they shared something special between them, which no one could understand. If it was Iris in Aria's position right now, she would have died already. 
A soft smile tugged on the corners of her lips. 
"He doesn't want to hurt me..." Aria kept repeating the words and then curled her body to sleep in the room next to the alpha's chambers, the place where she could take a rest after Cane was done with her. 
She wanted to be as close as possible to him. 
"He is concerned about me." Aria bit her lip and remembered the way Cane touched her. 
Meanwhile, Grilla was cleaning up the mess that they made. The sheets are stained with their releases and her blood. 
======================== 
Iris felt her brain was boiling from all the heat, her vision was blurry and her breath kept hitching. She was exposed to the sun from noon until sunset. It felt almost like hell. 
Calluses started to form on her palms because she dug the hard ground all this afternoon and was only fed a piece of hard bread and a bottle of water. It was barely enough for such hard labor. 
Those who complained would be kicked and have to receive harsh punishment. People die in this place every day, but there will always be someone new here. 
It seemed, the current alpha had managed to swipe most of Mason's supporters and made them work to death in these mines, if they managed to escape death punishment that was. 
"Don't you know that I am a close relative of the former beta! I come from a prestigious family!" One of the men shouted, as he threw the hard bread on the ground and shattered the glass in his hand. 
Iris jolted and moved away from that commotion, because she saw there were a few slave trainers that came his way. 
She recognized the man, he was indeed a cousin of the former beta during her father's reign, but right now, he was no more than a slave. 
With the drug that they fed them and the anklet on his leg, he couldn't shift into his beast and it was nearly impossible to escape from here. 
"Good! So, you are the dirty blood of that beta!?" One of the slave trainers landed a hard punch on his face. "Should we rip his throat so he will not make noise and start to work?" He contemplated with his four fellow trainers. 
"Yeah, cutting his tongue will be nice, so he will not be able to complain." 
"It is so funny to see how they complain about this kind of work." 
Right. 
Compared to what the people from the Howling Wolf pack had to do when they enslaved them, this kind of work was heaven. 
Iris immediately took her shovel and went to dig somewhere, because she didn't want to see the bloody scene that would follow later. 
"Where are you going?" 
Iris bumped into someone and because she was too exhausted, she didn't have the energy to steady herself in time and fell on her butt. 
She grimaced and then lifted her head to see who it was. 
Her eyes clashed with Stone's menacing ones, the slave trainer that was in charge of her. 
"Trying to run away?" 
Iris shook her head. 
"I... I am going to work..." 
Stone shifted his attention to the commotion behind Iris and watched how the man howled in pain when they broke his arms. 
"Why? You don't like to see that?" He nodded to the event that unfolded behind, but Iris didn't want to turn her head. "Your father and brother really enjoy such scenes, you know." 
"I am not them," Iris replied in a small voice. 
Anger flashed in Stone's eyes. "So, you think you are better than them?!" He reached out to her face and pinched her chin, so their eyes could meet. 
"I have never hurt you," Iris replied, she bit her lip in fear. Hanna said that she couldn't talk back, or else they would hurt her even more. 
"Their blood runs in your veins, I doubt that you had never hurt someone," Stone scoffed and then released her face. "Work, or I will give you to those men. They will be happy to take you." 
Iris shuddered when she heard that, but she knew that they wouldn't do anything sexual with her, since she was the alpha's slave, though they were still able to torture her in different ways. 
With every step that Iris took, she felt her legs almost give away, her muscles burned in pain and even though the sun had set, she could feel her head was so hot. 
However, when she crouched down to dig the hard ground, she felt hurried footsteps and then there were many people running past her. 
Because Iris couldn't hear what they said, she was very late to realize that they were in danger. Once she looked in the direction they were running away from, she could see a horde of monsters. 
Each monster was twice the size of normal people, with four arms and a body as hard as rock. 
At the same time, the slave trainers and the guards were rushing forward to fight these monsters in their beast form. 
However, at this point, Iris was too late to escape and she was so close to the battlefield. No one would care so much as to save her from this catastrophe, knowing how much they hated her. 
Therefore, Iris tried to run as fast as she could, ignoring the pain in her legs and how her lungs were burning in pain. She needed to escape from this chaos. 
"THE MONSTERS! THE MONSTERS ARE HERE! CALL MORE GUARDS!"
###Chapter 18: HER LIFE WOULD END LIKE THIS
Chapter 18: HER LIFE WOULD END LIKE THIS
The sun had set when the monsters started wreaking havoc in the mining area. Vicious roars and growls could be heard in the distance, as countless beasts came forward to fight those creatures. 
Howling Wolf pack and Blue Moon pack were neighboring packs, as they shared the mining area during those days before the horrifying attack, and behind the mining area was the Goffa mountain, where those monsters lived. 
There would be a monster hunt event that would be held every three months, where they would kill the monsters around the mountain. 
But, ever since Blue Moon pack enslaved Howling Wolf pack people, they used to send them away to do the job, where Cane would lead his own people to do it. 
Though Cane could run away during that time, he couldn't do it, since alpha Gerald swore he would behead all of the members of his pack and put their heads on the spikes. He would lose his people forever. 
Cane knew that the nefarious alpha would go through with that plan, more so, he didn't have anywhere to go. Going through Goffa mountain, which was practically a monsters' lair, was not an option when you didn't do thorough preparation, it would be suicide. 
Therefore, the mining area was the most risky place to be attacked by monsters. 
Iris felt like her lungs would explode as she ran. Her head was so dizzy and her limbs were numb. 
There were only beasts that charged in different directions to where Iris headed and also the mining slaves, who were trying to escape that she could see around her. 
But then, her eyes caught sight of a little girl around the age of five. She was crying, not knowing where to go and the loud noises around her were so scary to her. This was the first time for her to see monsters and they looked terrifying. 
Iris rushed toward her and grabbed her small hand. "Come... here! Come here, come with me!" Iris breathed heavily when she spoke, her lungs were burning. 
Not knowing where to go, the little girl followed her. Her stubby legs couldn't bring her fast enough and she stumbled a few times, crying and asking for her father. 
"Ssh... ssh... we will look for your father later, okay? But, not now..." Iris panicked when she noticed became out of hands. There were loud of vicious growls, but this time it didn't come from the beasts, but the monsters. 
The horde of monsters managed to hit back the beasts and they went deeper into the residential area. 
This mining area was so vast and stretched across the territories of the two packs. Iris was at a loss as to where to go since this was the first time for her to be here and she had been ordered to move from one place to the other all this afternoon. 
"It hurts..." the little girl whimpered. She didn't want to run anymore because she lost her slippers and now the hard ground hurt her legs. 
Iris looked around her and saw a huge rock not too far from them, they could hide there, until the beasts managed to beat the monsters back to the mountain. 
"I will carry you and hide, but you can't cry, okay?" Iris picked the girl in her arms. She was not heavy, but she was exhausted, there was no way she would be able to run, while carrying her for long. 
======================== 
"INFORM THE ALPHA AND GET MORE GUARDS TO THE MINES!" Stone roared at his men, he was agitated because he couldn't find his daughter. He took his daughter to the mining area because his mate died after she gave birth to their second child not so long ago and no one was there to look after her today. 
But, who would have thought that a horde of monsters would attack them and his daughter would go missing during the chaotic situation. 
He felt like he would go insane. 
"Yes, sir!" One of the guards went to inform Alpha Cane and the others went to ask for more help, while Stone coordinated people there to fight the monsters, trying to buy them some time. 
Stone looked around, there were a lot of slaves behind him, especially those, who were of the age able to fight. 
"Bring them to the front lines! Let them fight!" Stone pointed out his finger toward those men. 
"What!? No!" They all protested and huddled up together. 
For ten years, this job had been done by people from the Howling Wolf pack, thus they didn't have any idea how to fight monsters. 
Yet, when they were piled up into the carriage to be sent to the frontlines, back to the spot where they were running from, there was no amount of protest that could change Stone's decision. 
He needed to move too, so he could find his daughter. 
========================= 
Iris hugged the little girl tightly, she didn't know whether she made a loud noise or not, but she kept crying, while they were hiding behind the huge rock. 
"Please, don't cry..." she saw the little girl mouthing something, but she couldn't make out what she was saying. 
She was afraid that those monsters would come in this direction and never did she feel so terrifying like she felt right now. 
She couldn't hear what was happening and all she could do was to pray, though no Gods ever heard her. 
And just like before, her prayers remained unheard when she felt something warm breathing above her head and the girl in her arms lifted her head and let out an ear splitting scream the moment she saw the monster behind Iris. 
All four of the monster's arms raised up and his red eyes gleamed in the dark of the night. Its body was as tall as the huge rock, behind which they were hiding and its mouth was so wide, it could swallow them whole. 
Above them, the moon shone so brightly. 
Iris immediately turned around and felt her heart drop to the ground, instinctively, she hugged the girl tighter and used her body to shield her. 
This was it... 
Her life would end like this.
###Chapter 19: THE EVIL ALPHA’S DAUGHTER
Chapter 19: THE EVIL ALPHA'S DAUGHTER
The girl tugged her close, she buried her face in Iris' chest and Iris could feel her body trembling in fear. 
On the other hand, Iris' eyes widened when the monster started to jump to the ground from the huge rock he perched himself on earlier. 
The monster lurked closely, tilted its huge head, as if assessing its prey. 
Iris felt her heart beating in her ears, as she hugged the little girl tighter. 
The monster opened its mouth so wide, and Iris assumed it must let out a loud, vicious roar. She couldn't hear it, but she could feel the roar shake the ground beneath her. This monster was, at the very least, three times the size of a grown man. 
Its four arms raised up and its expression was vicious when he charged forward, ready to kill them both. 
"No! Stop!" Iris wanted to close her eyes and accept her fate, but she was unable to do so because she was too terrified. "STOP!" 
She was mortified, but what surprised her was the fact that the monster stopped only two steps away from her. It shouldn't have stopped, they were predators, they wouldn't stop until they got the prey they wanted. 
Yet, this monster seemed to hold itself back, its red eyes were fixed on Iris, as he whimpered. He was in pain, but the anger in its eyes softened a little bit. The murderous intention went away. 
However, before Iris could comprehend any of it, something pierced through the monster's chest and the monster started to howl in pain, trying to get rid of something that attacked it from behind. 
Only then Iris could see the black wolf, as dark as the night sky, with his eyes akin to molten gold. 
It was the alpha, only the royalty would have golden eyes in their beast form and Cane was the nephew of the king. 
It didn't take long for the black wolf to take down the monster, while three more wolves came rushing toward him, but it was too late, the battle had ended and the black beast clawed the monster's chest, destroying its heart, because this was the only way for them to really kill this creature. 
Four- armed monsters had the greatest healing ability, as long as their hearts were attached to their bodies, they could even regrow their heads. 
The black beast jumped down from the monster's body and glanced at Iris briefly before he charged forward to another battle that happened in the front lines, along with his people. 
======================== 
By the time they finally managed to force back those monsters to Goffa mountain, many people had died, especially those slaves, who were sent to the Frontlines. They were treated as canon fodders, the same way their alpha had treated the Howling Wolf pack for a decade. 
Someone came to Iris when everything was settled and she was in so much shock to be able to even move her body, while the little girl clutched to her like a second skin. 
It was Hanna who came to get her. Iris didn't know how she knew she was there, but she was grateful. 
"Come here, Miss, I will help you carry her." Hanna wanted to carry the little girl, but she wrapped her arms around Iris' neck so tightly, she didn't want to let her go. 
"I think we need to find her parents." Iris was out of breath, so it was a great task for her to carry the girl in her arms while they were walking, even though she leaned heavily on Hanna, as she helped her. 
"I think this is Stone's daughter, the slave trainer," Hanna muttered. "I heard he lost his daughter during the attack." 
Iris stumbled forward and she almost lost her balance, she couldn't bring herself to walk further than this with the girl stuck to her like a koala. 
"Come, sit here, I will inform Stone about this," Hanna said in panic. Iris looked like she was at her limit right now and she would collapse any time at this rate. "The area is safe now, I will come back quickly, okay?" 
Iris nodded her head, though she stopped reading what Hanna was saying, because she was very exhausted. Her head was so dizzy and every muscle in her body screamed in agony, her vision was blurry, but she hugged the little girl protectively. 
She was no longer trembling and her breath was even, but Iris couldn't tell whether she was sleeping or not. 
And when Hanna came back with Stone and a few people to where she left Iris and the girl alone, both of them had lost their consciousness, while Iris hugged the girl so close, as if she would shield her with her own fragile body. 
Stone was stunned for a moment at this sight, so did all the people that came with him. 
"Is she trying to protect the girl?" One of them asked incredulously. 
"Her? Gerald's daughter?" 
"Impossible." 
"But, why is she hugging her like that?" 
They wouldn't be surprised if she threw the little girl as a bait to buy time for her to escape from the monsters, but to protect a lowborn like Stone's daughter? That didn't make any sense to them. 
After all, all of them had suffered under Gerald's cruelty and they knew there was not a single bone of kindness in him. 
"I want to take your daughter and bring her to you, but she refused to let her go." Hanna explained, as Stone took his daughter from the unconscious Iris, while Hanna cradled her missy, looking so panicked because her body was burning. She got a fever again. "Sir, can you help me? Can you take her back? Her body is burning." 
Stone glared at Hanna. "Why would I help the evil alpha's daughter?!" He snarled, while hugging his daughter to his chest. 
"Her father is evil, but she protected your daughter's life with hers," Hanna pleaded with Stone. "She is not like her father."
###Chapter 20: THEY WANT TO SEE HER
Chapter 20: THEY WANT TO SEE HER
"Her father is evil, but she protected your daughter’s life with hers," Hanna pleaded with Stone. "She is not like her father." 
"She is the seed of her father, what do you mean that she is nothing like him? Just because she was born as a runt, she is not as wicked as her father?" One of the slave trainers chimed in. 
However, Hanna looked at them pleadingly. "Please... if it is not for her, at the very least, please, do it for me, I have helped you so much in the past." 
Hanna was talking about the time when they were still slaves for Alpha Gerald and how she helped them as much as she could, even though she was only a servant. 
Because of that, many people from the Howling Wolf pack knew her and were very grateful for what she had done for them. Hanna could live a good life rather than following the daughter of the wicked alpha, but she chose the latter. 
They couldn’t understand why she was so fond of this young girl. 
"I have done so much for you." Hanna didn’t like to mention this, but she would do anything to save her missy. 
Stone clenched his jaw. They wouldn’t have a second thought to help Hanna, but to help Alpha Gerald’s daughter, the pain and torture that they had to endure for a decade was still fresh in their memories and some of them would have it for the rest of their lives, marring their skin. 
"Take her to her room and call a healer for her." 
It was Alpha Cane who walked toward the commotion with his shirt drenched in blood, but it was obvious that it was not his blood, but of those monsters, while his other injuries had started to heal. 
"Yes, alpha..." Only then, they moved to help Hanna to take Iris, since it was their alpha’s order and they didn’t have the capacity to refuse that. 
"Thank you, Alpha. Thank you so much!" Hanna bowed a few times to Cane before she followed the man, who carried Iris on his back. She was crying to see Iris’ condition. 
On the other hand, Cane followed her movement with his sharp eyes. 
He heard about what Hanna had done to his people and he helped Iris as a token for her good deed. But, it still didn’t sit right with him to see how loyal Hanna was to Iris, even though Alpha Gerald’s reign had ended. 
The man carried Iris’ body to the slave room, the one she shared with Hanna and laid her down on the bed gently, and the healer came not long after that. 
"I wonder why you have to cry for her." The healer looked at Hanna, not able to understand the tears that streamed down her cheeks. 
"She doesn’t deserve this," she replied softly. 
The healer regarded her sharply. "She deserved every painful moment." 
Hanna clamped her mouth shut, she held herself from talking back to her. 
============================ 
"Not only the king will be here, but the alpha from the five packs will be here as well." Ethan clicked his tongue, as he read the five messages from the five alphas that informed them of their arrival. "What is this? Are they trying to oppress us? Showing their power, so we will not merge the two packs?"
Ethan didn’t like this situation at all. 
"No, they will not do that," Jace said lightly. "They are coming to see Iris." 
Both of them were in the library, this was a quiet place, where the beta preferred to do his job, since the scenery from here was beautiful and it gave a sense of peacefulness to him. 
Something that he appreciated the most. This sense of peacefulness was something that he could only dream of when they spent their days in slavery. 
Ethan frowned. "A king and five alphas, are they looking for a welcoming party?" He felt distasteful when he mentioned that. Everyone knew what it meant. It was an event where the main point would be to seek pleasure. 
Sex, alcohol and drugs everywhere. You would find yourself buried in the excitement of it. 
But not for slaves and those lowly born, because it was time for them to be the subjects of their masters and alphas. Violence was unavoidable, as they would throw crazy ideas over how to hype up the party further. They couldn’t care less if they had to kill three or four slaves during that time. 
That was degrading. 
"They want to see Iris." Jace’s face didn’t show any emotion. 
"Let’s throw her to them," Ethan commented callously. "And let them have their own party." 
Jace knew that Cane would have refused to hold such a notorious party for them if their situation allowed them to do so. 
However, for a new alpha like him with unstable political hold and the fact how vulnerable their pack to an attack right now, it was simply impossible. They would take offense to it. 
"They want to see the runt, since Gerald had never allowed her to be around people. They are curious about her," Ethan concluded. 
"Yes, and Cane will use this to have a talk with the king about the merge of the two packs, because he is the alpha now." Jace added. "There are a lot of things that Cane must do to strengthen our power and get support." 
Ethan fell into a deep thought as well. 
They thought they would finally live the way they wanted after they freed themselves from slavery under Cane’s command, but as it turned out, all of this was just the beginning... 
"Do you want to make a bet?" Ethan grinned, he pushed those difficult thoughts to the back of his head. 
"Stop gambling," Jace growled at the gamma. 
"Nah, I am not gambling." He waved his hands. "What do you think will happen to the runt? I heard Alpha Gill from Riverside pack wanted to take her as one of his mistresses." 
Jace resumed writing the report in front of him. "None of my business."
###Chapter 21: HAUNTING NIGHTMARE
Chapter 21: HAUNTING NIGHTMARE
They drugged him with floence powder, a drug that was akin to aphrodisiac. They used it too much on him, which caused so much disruption in his system. 
They were laughing, while they put him inside a glass box, from where those people could see him writhe in agony. They watched and threw profanities at him. 
"Bring the girl inside!" One of them shouted and all of them cheered. 
"No! Give him more powder, let see how long he can hold himself back!" 
"Yeah! Let’s see how his morale crumbles beneath his feet when he turns into a horny dog!" 
Cane heard everything and he knew what their aim was. His senses became loopy while his vision was blurry. His body was so hot and very sensitive, while his sex drive was over the roof. 
He felt like he was going to do anything to just have a woman so he could vent his frustration, anyone. 
Of course, they would give him that, since it would be the main act of entertainment for them tonight, watching him rut a poor lass relentlessly. 
However, his heart felt constricted and lurched to his stomach when he saw the lass that entered this glass cubicle. 
It was Venna, Henry’s only daughter. Henry was his father’s beta, who died during the war. He asked Cane to take care of Venna, since she was the only family that he had. Her mother died during childbirth, leaving Henry with their little girl. 
She was only ten when the Howling Wolf pack fell and ever since then, Cane had been shielding her from any misfortune, protecting her in the best way he could. Though there was not much that he could do in his current condition, he still made sure no one laid their hands on her and defiled her. 
Alpha Gerald knew that and he waited for this moment to shatter Cane’s morale. 
"FUCK YOU GERALD! FUCK YOU! I AM GOING TO KILL YOU!" Cane’s voice was raspy, his desire was momentarily suppressed by his anger, but he couldn’t fight this for long. He needed to get out of there immediately. He needed to stay away from her, otherwise he would hurt her. His mind was clouded. 
Venna looked confused, she was wearing only a transparent dress, which didn’t cover much of her skin. She was sixteen now, but Cane always saw her as a little sister. She usually clung to him, because he was the only person that she had. 
Venna was the same age as Rora, his twin little sister. How could he ever forgive himself if he ruined her innocence? 
"Brother Cane..." Venna was about to rush toward Cane, she was relieved when she saw him here. Two men dragged her away from her cell while she was sleeping, but upon seeing Cane here, she felt safe. 
"NO! STAY AWAY FROM ME!" Cane roared at Venna, who flinched and stopped in her tracks. Her eyes widened in shock, because this was the first time for Cane to shout at her like this. His dark eyes became even darker, and a low, dangerous growl from his throat could be heard amidst the laughter of their onlookers. 
"Brother Cane..." Venna clutched her hands to her chest. She got scared at the sight of his intense and sharp glare, but she wanted to be close to him, because he was the only person that could make her feel safe. 
"DON’T. COME. TO. ME!" Cane growled out the words, he enunciated every word clearly, which made Venna stand three steps away from him, but she was not far enough, he could smell her sweet scent and it disgusted him that he was aroused by her feminine scent. 
How much floence powder did they make him take? Ten shots? Twelve shots? Normally, people would only need one shot and they would be able to perform for an entire night. 
Therefore, it was agony for Cane right now. He wanted to beg them to give him anyone, anyone but her. He would kneel if that was what it took for them to give him anyone, but her. 
"Stay away from me, Venna. I am not in the right mind!" Cane said through gritted teeth. He threw her a dagger look, to keep her away from him, while he pressed his body against the glass, afraid he would pounce onto her. "Sit at the other end." 
Venna was confused to see Cane’s condition, but she did exactly what she was told. She sat at the far end of the cubicle, across from Cane. 
This was the furthest distance that both of them could put between themselves inside this glass cubicle. 
For now, Cane could only keep his mind sharp and wait for the drug to wear off. 
However, the onlookers didn’t like it. They were booing at this scene. 
"Drug the girl!" 
"Drug the girl!" 
"Drug the girl!" 
They chanted the words and two men entered the cubicle, gave Venna two shots of floence powder. 
"No." Cane shook his head in his sleep. His fingers clutched the armrests of his seat. His eyes stayed closed, but layers of sweat formed on his forehead. He was in pain. He was in great pain. "NO! Not her..." 
The armrests broke under his grip when he finally opened his eyes. Wood splinters pricked his palms and blood oozed out from the wounds. 
Cane looked around him. He saw Gerald’s bedroom, the room that he occupied after he managed to overthrow him from his position as the alpha. 
Only then did the realization finally start to dawn on him. He was no longer in that glass cubicle, doing something so abominable to Venna. 
It was a dream. A nightmare that kept haunting him every time he tried to close his eyes. 
Guilt and pain gripped his heart so strong, he thought his heart would be crushed under the strong feeling. 
"Damn it." Cane rubbed his face roughly, he looked at the clock and realized it was not yet morning. He just slept for less than two hours, but the demons from his past wouldn’t let him rest. 
His body was so cold and he was sweating profusely when he decided to stand up and walk out of the bedroom. Gerald’s room gave him nightmares, but then no matter where he was sleeping, he couldn’t run away from his past. 
"I will go for a run," Cane said to the two guards at the door. "No need to follow me." 
The two guards lowered their heads and then resumed their positions. He needed to clear his mind, thus once he was close to the forest, he started to shift into his black wolf and ran in his beast form. 
His heart was so heavy, but the cold night managed to soothe his pain slightly.
Venna... 
The girl went crazy after that night and no matter what, no one could get to her. 
There were times when the girl tried to kill him because of what he had done. She would go berserk whenever she saw him. 
There was also a time when Cane didn’t fight and let her stab her sharp claws into his body. He almost died twice because he let her do whatever she wanted. He didn’t put up a fight at all. 
But, when she saw him fall to the ground, bleeding profusely, she would snap back to that little girl that Cane knew. She would cry beside him and call him ’brother’. 
Venna hated him to the bones, but she used to love him and Cane used to be the only person that she felt safe with. 
Seeing this, Gerald and the other alphas would laugh heartily, as if they were watching an opera... their pain and agony were nothing, but entertainment for them. 
============================ 
After the attack three weeks ago, Iris was finally nursed back to health by Hanna, until she could stand up for a bit long and do some chores, as a slave. 
But today, she would return to the mines again. 
"I will ask them to treat you nicely." Hanna was worried. She didn’t want her to go back to the mines, but there was nothing that she could do to prevent it. 
Iris looked at Hanna gratefully, she couldn’t say how grateful she was to have her here. "You don’t need to do that. You have done so much for me. We are of the same rank now." 
"Nonsense, I am with you because I want to be with you, not because you are a privileged person." Hanna put a hat on her head, to help her block the sun. 
"I don’t think I will be allowed to wear this." Iris touched the bucket hat that Hanna put on her head. 
"It’s okay, I will talk to them." Hanna smiled at her reassuringly, even though Iris still doubted they would let her. 
Hanna couldn’t enter the mining area, but she insisted on walking with Iris there. Once they arrived, it was Stone again, who received them. He glared at the hat that Iris was wearing, while she lowered her head and let Hanna talk. 
"She just recovered, you don’t want her to faint again during the work," Hanna said softly to Stone and the man let out a deep growl, before he told Iris to hurry and change her clothes. "Thank you." 
Hanna waved her hand and looked on until Iris retreating back disappeared inside the small building where she would change her dress into her ’uniform’. 
On the other hand, Stone followed her retreating back with his sharp eyes and stared at Hanna questioningly. He still couldn’t understand why Hanna was so fond of her. 
And, why did Iris protect his daughter during the monster attack? 
========================== 
"The king will be here tomorrow, he will arrive four days ahead of the schedule," Jace reported to Cane, as both of them walked in the town, near the pack house, to look over the reparations after the battle, which took place less than two months ago. 
People greeted them and stopped what they were doing to pay respect to the new alpha, while Cane walked with his beta and two guards, who were walking a few steps behind them. 
"He seems so desperate to see you in person now that you finally won the battle." 
"We won the battle," Cane corrected him. "I will not be able to do it without all of your help." 
Jace grimaced when he heard that, because he knew there was so much more to it, since there was no way they could make it through without the sacrifices that Cane had made in his despair. 
"The new moon will be five days from now and there will be a lot of people," Jace reminded him.
###Chapter 22: NEW MOON
Chapter 22: NEW MOON
"The new moon will be in five days from now and there will be a lot of people," Jace reminded him. "The king and the five alphas. The new moon will be the night after the welcoming party. Do you think you can go through it?" 
Cane was silent for a while, then stared at his surroundings. Before his pack had fallen and their slavery days began, he had visited Blue Moon pack with his father twice, since they were neighboring packs and shared some natural resources, like the mining area. 
Especially after ten years of slavery, he knew this pack quite well. This pack was almost like a ’second home’, in a very horrible way to him. 
"I will." There were no more words that Cane said after that as he listened to other reports from Jace. 
They were still trying to find the remaining three men that managed to escape from their sneak attack the other night and from what Ethan learned, they were still trying to get Mason out of the dungeon. They wanted to gather their power again to counter attack them, but their chances were so slim. 
They walked until late in the evening. 
And when they arrived at the pack house, Aria had been waiting for Cane. She was inside his bedroom preparing evening tea and snacks. 
"Alpha, I heard you went to the town," Aria said, her eyes lit up at the sight of Cane, a soft smile caressed her lips, thinking of the seductive dress she was wearing beneath her cloak. 
Seeing that, Jace resigned himself, because he didn’t want Aria to throw him a glare, kicking him out with her sharp eyes. This woman could be very mean when it came to Cane’s attention. 
"I will see you tomorrow, Cane," Jace said. 
But, Cane stopped him. "Call Ethan, we need to talk about the pack house in the Howling Wolf pack. I heard there is a problem there." 
"But, you need to..." Aria immediately interjected. 
"Not now, Aria," Cane said, he didn’t raise his voice, but she knew that this was not up to debate. 
"The king will be here tomorrow, Aria," Jace told her, before he provided her with a brief explanation, since Cane wouldn’t do it. "It is so sudden and the king will arrive four days ahead of schedule." 
Aria frowned. "Why is he doing that?" 
"I don’t know, he is the king, he can do whatever." There was sarcasm in Jace’s voice, since he didn’t like that man. He closed his eyes and ears when they were forced to slave away ten years and now he wanted to be involved? That was so silly... 
"I need to talk about important things," Cane said, as he walked past Aria. He squeezed her shoulder lightly and then sat on his chair. 
"Okay," Aria said in a small voice, she looked disappointed. "Make sure you drink your tea, Cane." 
"Hm." Cane started to open a new scroll in front of him. "I will." 
Aria knew that he wouldn’t drink it, but she was wise enough not to argue with him. And so she walked out of the room with Jace, who was ordered to find Ethan. 
"When will we go back to the Howling Wolf pack?" Aria asked, as both of them walked down the corridor. 
"We need to settle things here first. This pack lost its leader, after all." 
"Why do we need to take care of this pack?" Aria didn’t have a good memory of this pack, just like the other people. 
"If we don’t, those people out there, who are still very loyal to Alpha Gerald, will gather power and it will only be a problem for us in the future if we don’t get rid of them now." 
"I don’t mean that. I mean, we can kill them all." 
"It’s not that easy, Aria." 
Aria was clueless about strategy, she wanted for them to suffer and killing them all was the only solution in her mind. Only a few people are exceptions. They needed to torture them the way they had done to them in the past. 
Meanwhile, other aggressors were mostly the alphas from different packs. So, it was almost impossible for them to take revenge on, since their statuses were too high. 
"I don’t know about that, but I will be happy if we can torture Gerald’s children. He will be turning over in his grave if he knows we gave his son and daughter to the savages and let the guards rape them." 
Jace could understand Aria’s anger, all of them shared the same feeling, but right now, the situation shifted and the problem that they were facing was akin to treading in dangerous ground, one wrong move and they would be thrown back to slavery, since this pack was still vulnerable. This was what Cane had been working on the past two months, since he sat in the alpha position. 
"You can go back to the Howling Wolf pack, I think Cane will give you permission if you talk to him." 
Aria frowned. "I want to go back with him, what will I do there if he is not coming?" 
There was no point for her to go back to the Howling Wolf pack if Cane stayed back here. Even before they were captured and she became a slave in the Blue Moon pack, she was a slave in the previous pack, therefore, she didn’t hold any sentiment to that place. 
"Don’t worry, it will not take long, though he didn’t say it, Cane must be missing his home too." 
======================== 
Iris walked toward the nearby tent when she felt so thirsty. Even with the bucket hat that Hanna gave to her, it didn’t help at all. She still felt dizzy because of the scorching sunlight above her. 
Her throat was so dry and she didn’t think she would be able to continue if she didn’t get to drink any water. 
"Can I have a drink?" Iris asked timidly to the nearest slave trainer. His height and body was so intimidating to her. 
The man turned around, looked her up and down, and seemingly remembered how she had saved Stone’s daughter and then tossed a waterskin to her without saying anything. 
Iris was too surprised, thus she failed to catch it in time and the waterskin fell to the ground, fortunately, the water didn’t spill. 
Seeing that, the man threw a disdainful look and turned around. It was clear that he didn’t want to deal with her, nor did he want her to be around. 
Taking the waterskin, Iris walked away from the tent after saying a ’thank you’ and gulped down the water. It was not sufficient, but at least, it was enough to moisten her parched throat. 
This mining site was the second largest in this continent, where there were many magic stones buried inside of it. 
As a shifter, they didn’t have any use with magic stones, but the magicians and healers would pay a high price for one, especially people from different continents, where most of the magicians and healers lived. 
Iris decided to take a break for a while under the shade of a big rock, because she felt so restless. She stared at the vast barren land blankly. 
She felt this nagging feeling when she came here for the first time, but didn’t think much of it, but now this feeling became more and more clear to her. 
As if there was something that forced her to go to a certain spot, but she ignored it. It simply didn’t make sense, but it didn’t take long before her curiosity got the best of her and she started to follow this strange feeling. 
She had this urge to move. 
Iris stood up, she continued walking forward, a few steps away from where she took a shelter and then crouched down and started digging.
They needed to crack every rock there to find the magic stones, sometimes they needed to dig so deep toward the mountain, but that area was purely restricted for men, since the risk of encountering a monster would be higher there. 
Meanwhile, Iris started to think about what Hanna said this morning. She heard that the king and the five alphas would come in a few days and people would start to make preparations for a welcoming party. 
Iris was worried that the king’s arrival would press alpha Cane to release her brother and let him lead the Blue Moon pack, since he was the rightful heir to the title. 
If that happened, Mason would kill her without any scrupulousness, now that their father had been killed. 
Amidst those depressing thoughts, Iris found something interesting, she stared at the black stone that she managed to dig out of the rock. She managed to set apart the rock and the stone. 
And when she raised the stone against the sunlight, the dark stone started to change its color to dark blue. 
"Is this a magic stone?" She muttered to herself. This was the first time for her to hold something like this. She had lived for twenty years, but she didn’t have much knowledge about her surroundings, since she rarely went out of the pack house. "This is so beautiful..." 
Iris blinked her eyes and then she saw something, like an image, but she couldn’t tell what was that about... the image overlapped with the scene before her eyes. 
But, before Iris could figure it out, someone grabbed her shoulder. 
It was that man! The man that declared he was from the former beta’s family. The one that was beaten up by the slave trainers. He survived the monster attack apparently. 
"You found a magic stone!" He exclaimed and then snatched it out of her hand, his eyes lit up as he started to walk away. 
Iris didn’t remember his name, but he used to be around when Mason threw a party or two. 
But, that was the last thing that Iris could think of, because the moment the stone slipped from her fingers and was taken away, the image disappeared.
###Chapter 23: THE ARRIVAL OF THE KING AND QUEEN
Chapter 23: THE ARRIVAL OF THE KING AND QUEEN
Apparently, there was one thing that Iris just learned and it was; they could get warm soup and some meat if they could find a precious magic stone. 
Warm soup and meat... 
And now, because of the magic stone that Iris had found, Renald could enjoy the special treatment and she could only watch from a distance. 
Iris could only salivate over it, it had been a while since she had eaten a warm meal. In the past, even though she was treated poorly, she didn’t need to worry about food. 
The sun had set and it was time for all the slaves to leave the mining site, but there were a few that were still working and most of those people were the ones who had done a great offense to the slave trainers, or they just wanted certain people to work more for no reason at all. 
Considering what they had done in the past, they couldn’t care less to work them to death. 
After staring at Renald for a while, Iris averted her eyes and turned around, but before Iris could leave, a little girl rushed toward her and hugged her from behind, which made her jolt in surprise. She immediately turned around again to see who had hugged her. 
"Ania!" Stone immediately rushed toward his daughter, who was hugging Iris’s leg, grinning at her. 
Meanwhile, after her initial surprise, Iris smiled brightly at the little girl and caressed her head. Of course, she recognized her. 
Yet, Stone approached them and swatted her hand away harshly, which made Iris wince in pain. He immediately hoisted up his daughter. 
"Don’t touch my child!" He growled in a low voice at Iris. He made sure that she looked at him, so she could make out what he was saying. 
Stone looked at the girl, she was so small and skinny, also so pale and not healthy. He was still in denial about the fact that she had tried to protect his little girl. 
His hatred for all these years was too deep to be washed away by just one incident. He was still on guard, even though there was nothing that a runt like her could do to him. 
"I didn’t do anything." Iris cradled her hand. She was hurt. 
But, Stone simply carried the little girl away, while telling her that she couldn’t approach Iris or be near her. 
Her hand ached, but so did her heart. Irish thought she wouldn’t be affected by this, but it seemed, she couldn’t completely numb herself. 
She felt, no matter which pack won the war, it would always be her against the world. Neither the Howling Wolf pack nor the Blue Moon pack was her home. 
They hated her for no reason at all. 
Iris gritted her teeth and walked away from the mining site, her retreating figure looking so lonely and defeated. 
============================= 
Tonight, just like many other nights, the nightmare haunted Cane again. He became restless the moment he went into a deep slumber, his demons started playing in his mind, reminding him of the horror when he watched his mate get killed right before his eyes. 
He howled in pain and anger to see his sweet Leana fall on the floor, bathed in her own blood. She was heavily pregnant at that time and couldn’t shift into her wolf to protect herself or else, she would lose their baby. 
But then, it was not only their baby that she lost, even her own life as well. 
It was supposed to be Cane’s duty and responsibility to protect his mate and their unborn son, but he could do neither, he couldn’t even protect his own people. 
He could protect no one. 
Leane screamed painfully when a silver dagger pierced her neck and Gerald stood there, watching her writhe in pain, smiling at the angry, ear- splitting roar that the black beast let out, as he witnessed his other half die slowly. 
The pain immobilized him when he felt her life slipping away from this world. 
Her beautiful life was fading away with every blood drop that oozed out of her wound and his son died when Gerald gutted him out of Leana’s belly. 
The scene kept replying relentlessly before his eyes, not showing him any mercy to have a rest even for a night. 
And when Cane finally woke up, he was drenched in sweat. He was breathing heavily, while his heart raced in his chest. 
Even after a decade had passed, every time he closed his eyes, those demons from the past would never seize to come. It would always feel like it just happened yesterday. The fall of the Howling Wolf pack. 
Cane rubbed his face roughly and then got off the bed. Life was a nightmare and he dared not to wish even for a peaceful wink of sleep. 
Probably because this room was initially Gerald’s bedroom, the place where he had committed most of his crimes and did his dirty deeds, he couldn’t escape the clutches of the nightmares. 
He needed to speed up their move to the Howling Wolf’s pack house if that was the problem. 
========================== 
Aria dressed beautifully, knowing today would be the day that the king would arrive. For a lowborn like her, a chance to be in the same room as the king was close to nil, especially when the king had never participated in any parties that alpha Gerald or Mason threw. 
"Which one do you think suits me better?" Aria asked, she raised two different sets of earrings and asked Bian and Dalia. 
"The blue ones, I think the blue ones will suit you better," Dalia said. 
"But, the black ones are in the same color as our crest." Bian pointed out. The Howling Wolf pack’s crest was a black wolf and that was enough for Aria to choose the black ones, since she was almost desperate to show that she was an important figure in this pack. 
"I will take this one." Aria looked in the mirror and smiled brightly, the color of her dress complimented her sun- kissed skin. She looked exceptionally beautiful today and when she went to the alpha’s chamber, she wanted him to praise her. 
But she forgot that Cane was not a man who would say something like that. 
"I am very nervous to meet the king," Aria said cheerfully, as she walked beside Cane, when the royal carriage was seen entering the territory of the Blue Moon pack. 
Cane spared her a nonchalant glance. "Just act naturally." 
"Will the queen be here as well?" 
"Yes." 
"I will go and walk with the queen, while you talk with the king." 
"Sure, if that’s what she wants." There was no respect whatsoever when he talked about the king and queen, but Cane had to curb it down in the presence of the two royals. 
Aria smiled brightly, she had never thought that she would be in the presence of the royal family. 
======================== 
"The king and the queen came to visit today." Hanna watched the commotion from afar. She looked excited. 
Meanwhile, the security was tightened around the pack, as they went back and forth to check on the situation there, to make sure that everything was alright, since they didn’t want to have any mishap. This was a critical moment for them to have a royal visit. 
Iris watched the crowd and didn’t say anything. 
"If you want to see the royals, go and see them, I can walk to the mine by myself," she said gently. 
She felt like she knew how to find those magic stones and was so impatient to prove her theory was right. More so, the warm soup and the slice of meat motivated her enough to dig around. 
"This is the first time for me to see the king and the queen," Hanna said excitedly. 
As far as Iris could remember, the king visited the pack twice before and the last time was around eleven years ago, just a few months before her father decided to raze his neighboring pack and enslaved them. 
But, the king’s visit the last time was a secret, Iris only knew it because she used to sneak out and roam around the pack house at night, since she would meet less people. 
"You can go if you want to see them." 
"No, I will go with you to the mines first." Hanna shook her head, but Iris could see in her eyes how she really wanted to see the royal family. After all it was not an everyday occasion for them to come to a pack. Most of the time, it would be the alpha who would be summoned to the palace. 
"Go and see them, they will not be here for long, I guess." Iris watched from afar that the people dressed so well. They wanted to look good in front of the royals and even though the Blue Moon pack had fallen, there was not much that had changed with the members of the pack, they lived their lives as usual. Hanna told her that. 
At the very least, Cane was not like her father, even after everything that he had gone through in the hands of alpha Gerald. 
"Come on, go. You can come back later." Iris kept urging her and Hanna finally relented. 
"I will see you in the evening, okay?" Hanna finally relented. 
"Okay," Iris laughed to see how Hanna’s eyes lit up as she dusted her dress to go to the people, who gathered together on the sides of the road. 
Once Hanna was gone, Iris quickened her steps toward the mines, she went through all the motions quickly and changed her dress before she went to the site. 
Probably, she was the only one who was so excited to go to the mines today. 
When she was there, she felt it again. The same restless and strange feeling she couldn’t describe. And this time, she followed her instinct and started digging immediately.
###Chapter 24: BLOODY FOX
Chapter 24: BLOODY FOX
Iris couldn’t hide her curiosity at the palm size rock in her hand, she felt that nagging feeling again, the same feeling that enveloped her when she found her first magic stone. 
Would this rock contain a magic stone as well? 
Iris had never been to the mine site before this, therefore, she was shocked and overwhelmed by the knowledge that she could find it quite easily. She felt that intuition everywhere around this area. 
Some were easy to find and they had a weak pull and the others were so hard, being buried deep down in the ground, or inside the mountain rock, you needed to dig deeper into the mountain to find them. 
She was amazed by this new knowledge and was thrilled to know why she had this tingling feeling whenever she touched the magic stone. 
Therefore, when she found a magic stone without anyone seeing, she hid it inside her rag-like dress. Her heart was thumping wildly. She could feel the cold stone against her stomach. 
Magic stones had no use for a shifter like her, but then she was born as a runt, probably there was finally something useful that she could do with this useless body. 
Iris looked around to make sure that no one saw her hiding such a precious stone and then started to dig around for another stone to exchange it for some warm soup and a piece of meat. 
It would be so nice to have a warm meal after so long. 
========================= 
Cane was accompanying his uncle, King Aeon, who had arrived just a few hours ago. They had a pleasant lunch together, but the Queen, Della, didn’t want to have Aria at the same table as her, knowing she was a lowborn and not from a privileged family. 
Therefore, Cane had to dismiss her. 
Aria’s face fell, but she did her best to keep her temper in check, after all this was the royalty that they were talking about and they couldn’t act rashly, it wouldn’t bring any benefit to this pack and Cane if she started throwing a tantrum at things like that. 
That was something that she couldn’t afford. 
Thus, with the fakest possible smile on her lips, she resigned herself and returned to her bedroom, her heart was so heavy, she was enraged. 
From one look, Cane knew what she was feeling, but he would deal with her later. 
"You have done a great job, my nephew, taking back what belongs to you," King Aeon said on their way hunting near the Goffa mountain. They were on the horses, while the queen stayed behind and had Aliana, the beta’s sister, accompany her. 
"Yes, I am glad, I managed to free my people." If Cane was mad at the king’s statement, he didn’t show it on his face, as he kept his expression impassive. 
How dare this man talk that way to him when he didn’t do anything at all to help him in time of need? The way he called him ’my nephew’ repulsed him, but then, there were a lot of things that repulsed Cane recently and now this only got added to the never ending list. 
"I see you have a beautiful mistress, I am glad that you can finally let go of your mate," King Aeon spoke without batting an eye. He missed the way Cane gripped the reins of his horse until his knuckles turned white when he mentioned his mate. "Is there something that you want to tell me?" 
King Aeon stopped the horse and then looked at Cane. His dark eyes met his, but even so, the king was frustrated to know what was going on inside his head. 
"It is you, my uncle, who came to see me. I want to know what brought you here." Cane had to bite his tongue when he addressed King Aeon as his ’uncle’, but holding onto something so trivial such as that wouldn’t bring him anywhere. 
On the other hand, King Aeon seemed pleased with the way Cane addressed him, the same way he did. He smiled at him indulgently, as if he was staring at his own little brother. 
"You have done so well and proved to all the people in this continent that bad experiences couldn’t break the spirit of a true leader." 
Bad experiences? All of that whipping, rape, torture and hellish life for more than ten years, he classified it as a bad experience? 
The guards from the Howling Wolf pack, who heard that, tried their best not to scoff in front of this senile King, for he could have their heads at a snap of his fingers. 
But, the way the King belittled what they had gone through made them seethe in anger inside. They felt no respect for this King whatsoever. 
Yet, their alpha said nothing, he didn’t show any indication that he was angry, as if he didn’t hear those words to begin with. 
Cane was staring at the King with his impassive eyes, his gaze on him was steady, he looked almost as regal as the royalty. 
"However, to merge two biggest packs in my kingdom will be too much, you will disrupt the power balance amongthe packs." King Aeon sighed. "They started sending me petition after petition to stop this." 
Cane had expected such a conversation, but it didn’t make him feel any less irritated. After all, the king came all the way here just to complain about the inconvenience of receiving the petitions that the other alphas had sent. 
Yet, the alpha’s expression still remained the same, as if he didn’t think much about it. 
"I don’t understand, Uncle," Cane spoke again, he feigned ignorance when he talked casually to King Aeon, since he was the one, who wanted to be addressed that way. "For ten years, Alpha Gerald kept the two packs merged, but as long as I can remember, you didn’t interfere with that." 
"Alpha Gerald didn’t merge the two packs, Cane. He made your uncle the acting alpha of the Howling Wolf pack." It was an uncle from Cane’s mother’s side, which meant he was one of the king’s people. 
"And he turned the pack house into a brothel, drowned himself in alcohol and between women’s legs, actively creating new life and filled the brothel with his bastards." 
The guards, who heard that, wanted to laugh when they saw the king’s expression, not expecting such vulgar words from Cane. 
King Aeon cleared his throat, he wanted to regain control of the situation. "It is unfortunate that Alpha Gerald didn’t have a good eye for selecting his people." 
"Uncle Randy is not his man, Uncle, he belongs to the royal family and it was you, who pointed him out. Alpha Gerald generously showed me the message from you about the repositioning of the alpha in the Howling Wolf pack." 
On the other hand, Cane wanted to say that it was King Aeon, who didn’t have good eyes to select his people. 
"Ah, if only I had known about it sooner, I would have removed him from that position myself." King Aeon urged his horse to move forward, as Cane and the rest of the guards followed. 
"You don’t need to worry, I have removed him for you. I hung his head on the spike, just a day after I ripped apart Alpha Gerald’s heart from his chest." The detailed explanation was not needed, but Cane spoke about it so calmly, one could mistake it as if he was talking about the weather. "Since it took you a decade to realize it, I did you a favor." 
King Aeon turned his head, his eyes were ablaze with anger, but he was smiling. "Thank you for doing that for me." 
"You don’t need to mention it, Uncle." 
But now, Kiang Aeon was irritated to hear the way Cane addressed him, it felt like he was mocking him instead. 
"In that case, you can’t merge the two packs." 
"If that’s your problem, I will find another way to solve it." Cane stopped the horse and the rest followed, which made the king do the same, which upset him because he did it purely out of instinct. "You have shown me how to handle it, so I will follow your good example." 
If King Aeon had to correct him, he needed to admit what he had done before was a mistake and a king admitting to a mistake was something unheard of. At the very least, in his reign, only his words rang true. 
Silence descended between them, until Cane reached for his bow and arrow. He positioned the arrow, but he aimed it at the King, which made him widen his eyes. It was too close and he wouldn’t be able to get away from this without being injured. 
"Wh- what are you doing?! Where are you aiming?!" But, before he could think straight or his guards could do something about it, Cane had released the arrow, and it whizzed past his cheek. 
"I was aiming for a fox, Uncle," Cane said calmly, not even affected by the tension that he created. "You didn’t think I was aiming at you just now, did you?" 
King Aeon gulped down so hard, he turned his head and true to his word, a fox was dead with an arrow stabbed in one of its eyes. It was perfect marksmanship, since it wouldn’t ruin its fur. 
"No, of course not." If King Aeon wanted to hide his trembling self, he failed to do that, because he stumbled with his words. 
"I am glad that you don’t think that way. You are my uncle, you don’t think I will harm you, do you?" Cane jumped from his horse and then approached the guard, who was holding his game. 
It was a white fox. 
"This is a rare animal around this pack, I know because I have been here for ten years. You can have it." Cane handed the bloody fox to the king.
###Chapter 25: IT WAS THE QUEEN
Chapter 25: IT WAS THE QUEEN
The white fox was a rare animal in this continent and could only be seen near mountain areas, which was not much. 
However, there was another meaning to when someone gave a fox as a gift. 
It could be interpreted as a warning, or as a revenge and for Cane to give the king a bloody fox, it was clear to see that his intention was the latter, though in this scenario, since they were out hunting in the forest, it could mean completely nothing. 
For now, Cane was messing up with his mind. 
"Its skin will make good gloves for the queen," Cane said, the fox was still dripping blood from its eye as the red liquid dyed the ground. 
King Aeon regained his composure and smiled, as he called one of his men to take the gift from the alpha. 
"I thank you for that." He looked unabashed from outside, but inside, he was seething for such a malicious gesture. 
"You have graced this pack with your presence, of course, I will extend the kindness." Cane mounted his horse again and rode ahead of him. 
Aeon was the King, but Alpha Cane looked more dominant than him. Probably because of a decade of hardship, he looked tougher and harder to the people around him. The glaring scars on his face enhanced that poise further for him. 
"I can appoint someone as the acting alpha for the Blue Moon pack, I can suggest some suitable candidates for you." King Aeon caught up with Cane. 
He tilted his head and listened to what this king wanted to say. "And who will be that?" 
"We can put Mason, late Alpha Gerald’s son, as the alpha of the pack." King Aeon shamefully suggested that, which only enraged the people from the Howling Wolf pack even further. 
They were steaming with anger to hear such a suggestion was even made. How could this king be so dense enough to not know that the fruit wouldn’t fall far away from the tree? 
However, just like usual, Cane didn’t show any emotions when he heard that. He was exceptionally calm when he answered. 
"I am afraid Mason is not up to the task, Uncle," Cane said. He even gave the king a small smile when he addressed him as his uncle, this almost felt like an inner joke to him. 
King Aeon stopped his horse in front of Cane’s and then proceeded to ask him about the reason for the ion. "I have not seen him since I arrived in this pack." 
"Oh, he has been unwell for the last few days, so he is resting now." Cane raised his bow and took his arrow, before he fixed the arrow and aimed at a deer a little bit far from them. He shot and he got what he wanted. 
Two guards rushed over to get his game. 
"I want to see him, if he is unwell, it is only right for me to go and visit him, since I am here." 
Cane nodded. "Sure, Uncle." 
Right now, King Aeon was irritated with the way Cane called him. There was no respect in it. 
========================= 
Iris managed to find another magic stone and now she could enjoy a warm meal, thankfully, Renald didn’t bother her again. Apparently, he thought it was only one time luck when she found the magic stone the day before. 
On the other hand, it baffled Stone to see how Iris found a magic stone. Usually, you wouldn’t be able to find anything on your third day in the mining site. 
However, Iris pretended that she knew nothing and enjoyed her warm meal. 
Later, when she returned to her bedroom, Hanna looked dreamy after seeing the beautiful queen and how long the parade of the royalty was. She couldn’t stop talking about it. 
And when Hanna finally fell asleep because of the exhaustion, Iris got out of bed and pulled out her precious stone, which was warm in her palm. 
"What is this?" She felt like she was holding a living being, it felt like the stone was breathing. She must be crazy to think that way. 
But then, she couldn’t contain her curiosity and decided to figure this out on her own, as she walked out of the bedroom. 
Fortunately, they were still in the Blue Moon pack house, so she knew her way around and how to get to the library without anyone noticing. She used to do this for years after all, when her father despised the very fact that people saw her. 
It didn’t take her long to reach the library. She opened the door with an almost inaudible soft creaking sound. The woodsy smell of this place hit her and she savored it for a few seconds. She loved this scent so much. 
Once Iris was inside, she went to the shelves that had books which explained about magic. She had read somewhere before that magic stones came in different kinds and with different functions. 
Iris was not sure why she was curious about this, but this feeling that she felt right now made her unsettled. She wouldn’t be able to fall asleep if she didn’t try to figure things out at least.
However, when she was perusing the book in her lap, under the light of the moon, because she didn’t want to light up the brazier and be caught trespassing here, she heard the door being pushed open as someone entered the library. No, there were two people walking into the library, as they were breathing so hard. 
"Do you really think no one will find out we are here?" A feminine voice echoed in this quiet library. 
"No, no one will be here at this hour, the king is with the alpha and they will not return any time soon." A guttural voice replied. 
But then, Iris saw how they kissed each other, the sound was so clear, as they didn’t hold back at all, thinking they were alone in this library. 
Iris pressed her back against the wall behind her, hoping no one would notice that she was there, as the sound of their moaning and groaning became more and more clear in this silent room. 
Iris watched the man lay the woman down on the table. 
It was the queen.
###Chapter 26: AN AFFAIR
Chapter 26: AN AFFAIR
After dinner that night, Cane took the king to the dungeon, where Mason was locked away. 
King Aeon knew that he wouldn’t be in a good condition and having to look for him in the dungeon was not something that surprised him, but what shocked him the most was to see his current condition with his own eyes. 
"What have you done to him!?" King Aeon was flabbergasted to see Mason’s state right now. 
"I followed your order, Uncle. I didn’t kill him, like I did to his father. I kept him alive," Cane replied calmly. He indeed kept Mason alive, but it was barely. 
He was still in the same position as before, his limbs were chained to the wall behind him with silver chains, he was naked, so it was clear to see that his manhood was removed. The one who had done it didn’t bother to make a clean cut and it looked gruesome and so painful. 
"You shouldn’t have done this to him, no matter what, he is still the alpha’s son, the next in line to the alpha’s position." King Aeon frowned hard, he stared at Mason’s pitiful condition. He didn’t pity him, but he was having a headache because his plan was ruined since he was in such a sorry state. 
"I am also the son to the alpha of the Howling Wolf pack, but they killed my heavily pregnant mate right in front of me and enslaved my people, knowing fully well that I am not only the alpha’s son, but also the nephew of the king." Cane reiterated every word clearly. He didn’t raise his voice even a bit. He didn’t have to, because the king knew all of that and he still feigned ignorance. 
Cane stopped there, he didn’t continue as to how the Uncle that he mentioned left them to the hands of the tyrant to go through their ’bad experience’, which left a bitter taste in king Aeon’s mouth. 
"I understood," King Aeon said. He needed to curb his anger and let it go, because Mason had no use for him anymore. "Let’s head back to the pack house." 
The king threw one last glance at Mason, who was seemingly unconscious and then walked ahead. Dried blood covered his face and body and there was not a single thing that was worth mentioning. He was useless now. A discarded puppet. 
Ethan lowered his head in respect as the king walked out of the dungeon and when the alpha followed soon after, he walked behind Cane to return to the pack house. 
[I see he is unconscious.] Cane mind-linked Ethan, who was walking slightly behind him and glanced in his direction to find him scratching his head, embarrassed.
[He created a commotion when he knew the king was here, so I hit him once or twice.] 
[Once or twice.] Cane repeated the words and his gamma became even more flustered. 
[I think I got a little bit carried away, I am sorry.] 
Cane said nothing and the gamma could breathe in relief because he didn’t get any punishment from the alpha. It would be so scary if you incurred his wrath. Ten years of slavery only hardened his temper. 
========================= 
"Ah! Hngg... yes... ahh! Please... I want you inside me..." The queen begged the man that had his head between her legs. 
"Your wish is my command, my queen," the man breathed hard, as he raised his head and then started to position himself, while the queen spread her legs wider for him. 
"Ah!" Both of them moaned loudly when the man nestled himself inside of her as he fondled her breasts. Both of them were still clothed, but of course, it didn’t stop them from exploring each other’s body. 
The queen was laid on the wooden table, thus when he started to move, the creaking sounds from the table and the slapping sounds of their flesh filled the whole library. 
"No, someone would hear it..." the queen gasped. She tried to slow down the man that hovered above her, and at the same time, she was worried there would be someone walking in on them. 
"You don’t need to worry, there is no one coming to this part of the pack house..." he breathed heavily, as he licked the queen’s neck. "This is an old library... no one... comes here... oh, you are so tight." 
The queen hummed when she heard the last word, she was smiling and tilted her head to give more access to this man. 
She panted and their muffled screams were swallowed between their passionate kisses. 
Probably because the woodsy scent in this room was too thick, they didn’t realize there was someone else inside the library, or their minds had been muddled by their desire, so they were so careless, but whatever the reason was, Iris was now stuck two shelves away from them, as she hugged her magic stone and the old book that she could only read a few pages of before the two of them entered the room. 
She didn’t dare to make any sound, as she breathed carefully. She would die if she was found witnessing such an act. 
"It had been so long since I had you..." the man groaned and kept thrusting in a steady pace, as he was so tempted to mark this naked woman beneath him, but he knew better not to do that, since he would die a miserable death if their affair was exposed. "You are still the most desirable woman..." 
The queen smiled brightly. 
And as the man raised his head, Iris sneaked a glance at him and remembered that he was one of Alpha Cane’s trusted aides. 
Aderan Geniv. 
He was one of Alpha Cane’s personal guards, alongside Will. He was among the few people that Cane kept by his side and he was rarely seen because he ran errands for the alpha pretty often and it baffled Iris that the man would betray his alpha. 
It seemed this was not their first encounter. 
How long was this affair dragged on for? Did this happen even during their slavery?
###Chapter 27: SACRIFICES
Chapter 27: SACRIFICES
"Ah! Faster...! Faster!" The queen lost it, as she no longer cared about her surroundings and the fear of being exposed had left her completely when her mind indulged with the thought of how her man pleased her. 
Iris closed her eyes and pressed her palms against both of her ears, as she tried to get rid of the images that she saw earlier. 
Meanwhile, the queen moaned in delight and Aderan’s guttural voice continued to ring through the room, as he came undone. 
Both of them were breathing erratically and for a moment, it was the only sound in this library. The air was so thick with the scent of sex and the atmosphere was so heady, it made Iris suffocate. She remembered the night when the alpha called her and the pain that she got from him. 
She was sick for days after that and felt grateful that the alpha didn’t call her again. 
Probably he was too occupied with the whole lot of things that transpired recently, which was a good thing for Iris, since she wanted to be left alone. From what she heard, her brother was tortured pretty harshly and was castrated. 
It was not that she cared about him, but she simply wanted to have an idea what kind of torture that she would receive if the alpha decided to focus on her one day and what she heard made her shudder in fear. 
"We will stay until next week, I will call you again if I get some alone time for the two of us." The queen stood up from the table she lay on before and fixed her dress and hair. She needed to go back immediately and clean herself before the king became suspicious, sensing another man’s scent on her. 
"I will wait until then..." Aderan cupped her breast and kissed her so hard, Iris thought they would go for a second round before the queen pushed him away. 
"I need to go," she said sternly this time and Aderan took a step back. The air around her shifted immediately. She was back to looking like the queen she was supposed to be as she walked out of the library in steady steps, like the royal she was. 
Iris felt sick to her stomach that someone like her could resort to such a degrading act, but then she remembered the king himself had four mistresses back in the palace. 
After the queen left, it was just Aderan alone in the library. He stood there for a while and then spoke in such a calm tone. 
"I know you are there, come out." Aderan didn’t raise his voice, but he looked straight at where Iris was hiding. 
Iris was startled, her whole body started shaking in fear, as she was unable to move an inch from her position. 
However, Aderan didn’t wait until she was ready to come out herself, as he walked toward her and found Iris hugging herself behind the shelf. She stared at him with her blue eyes filled with dread. 
"I- I will not say anything..." Iris spoke, she tried to find a way out of this trouble. She could die and no one would care, probably Hanna would cry a little. "I- I swore I will not say a- anything." 
Her heart was beating frantically, hoping she would be able to see the sun tomorrow. She regretted sneaking out of her room in the middle of the night like this. 
"Iris Lane." He mentioned her name with venom on the tip of his tongue. The passionate man, who was seemingly able to burn the whole library with his desire for the queen, was now standing right in front of Iris, so cold, she could feel a chill run down her spine. "This is not a place where you can come and go as you please." 
Iris opened her mouth, but there was no word that she could say. She balled her fists and the magic stone felt so cold in her sweaty palm. 
"I- I will not say anything... I am just trying to survive here." 
"It is not up to me to decide." Aderan took a step forward and then grabbed Iris by her arm. "Don’t make a fuss." 
"Are you going to kill me?" Iris hugged her book and her stone unconsciously. If Aderan wanted to kill her, she would have died by now. So, where would he take her? 
=========================== 
Aria was so upset with the way the queen treated her earlier, thus she came to complain to Cane, only to see how bad his mood was after he met with the king. 
"Alpha..." Aria brought a pot of chamomile tea as usual and entered the room without knocking and this rubbed Cane in the wrong way, though he didn’t snap at her. 
"I wish to hear a knock before someone enters my personal space," Cane said without lifting his head from the document in front of him. He was trying to get in touch with the Celestial Moon pack, as they had been laid back for a decade since the people from the Howling Wolf pack were enslaved. 
"I am sorry, alpha... I will remember that," Aria spoke in a small voice, as she hid her annoyance. She then put the tray down and proceeded to brew the tea for him. "It will help you sleep better." 
Cane finally put down the document that he was reading and then leaned his back against his chair. He closed his eyes, but the crease between his brows deepened. 
"There is nothing that could help me fall asleep peacefully," Cane said in a matter of fact tone. Sleep would elude him, no matter how tired he was, even when he worked himself until his bones felt like they were going to break, he still couldn’t sleep. 
The nightmares that haunted him would keep him awake all night, even in his sleep. They would remind him of what he had gone through and what his people had to endure. 
"Everything will be alright, Cane." Aria walked toward Cane and handed him the tea. "We are free now thanks to your sacrifices."
###Chapter 28: THE WITNESS
Chapter 28: THE WITNESS
His sacrifices. 
No. It was not his sacrifice alone. It was not only him who had sacrificed, instead, there were so many people that had done that to keep him alive. 
Aria was one of them, she would let those filthy guards take advantage of her body to make them distracted enough, so they wouldn’t beat him to death, so did his beta and gamma and other people, they never had a second thought about jumping in and taking the beating for him. 
However, that was not enough, because Gerald’s aim was to make him suffer and that was what he did. He had made sure that he was on the brink of death countless times. 
"Everything will be alright, Cane." Aria massaged his stiff shoulders and Cane said nothing. He was exhausted. "I can make you feel better." 
Aria would always take care of his carnal desires, but it didn’t help to solve all the problems that he had. Ever since three years ago, they developed this relationship between them. 
"No." Cane opened his eyes and caught her hand when she tried to touch him and spark his desire for her body. 
For all the abuse and torture that he had gone through, he had developed a weirdly strong sex drive. Especially after Gerald scalded his private parts with boiling hot oil, pleasure didn’t come easily to him anymore, more so when pain was not involved. The first time it happened, his healing ability was enough to take care of it, but oftentimes, it actually marred him permanently. 
"It’s okay, I have recovered from the last time," Aria whispered in his ear and tried to seduce him again. "I know that you need to vent it out. Let me help you." 
However, before things escalated, someone knocked on the door, which made Aria frown. 
"Why do you still accept guests at such a late hour? You need to rest too." Aria started to complain, but Cane granted their wish to come inside, which made the mistress shut her mouth. 
It was Aderan and a young woman that neither of them thought they would see this time soon. 
"What is this?!" Aria flared up the moment she saw Iris, who was being dragged into the bedroom. "You know who you brought here?!" 
Aria was seething, the thought of Cane deflowering her that night, even though he didn’t go through until the end, didn’t settle well with her, even now. 
The alpha only gave the barest taste of what all of them had gone through under her father’s hand to her, but she couldn’t bear it and fainted, yet after that, Cane didn’t continue to torture her, just like what they had to endure. It was unfair, but Aria couldn’t push further for now, since he had sent her to work at the mining site. 
Aria had thought Stone would take care of her, but after the incident with his daughter, he looked a little bit reluctant to make things hard for her. 
"Take her away!" Aria was filled with anger, but Cane was not in the mood to indulge in her jealousy. 
"Quiet it down, Aria," Cane said without raising his voice, his eyes fixed on Iris. She didn’t look better, but at the very least, she didn’t look like she would faint anytime soon. Her skin was still pale and her lips were chapped, no one would believe she was the former alpha’s daughter at this point. 
Even so, dirt couldn’t hide her beauty and her curly, auburn hair looked like she was in flames. 
Hearing a warning from the alpha, Aria bit down on her lip. She glared at Iris, who tried to avoid her eyes and looked at anything but them. 
"Why did you bring her here? I don’t remember giving you an order to do so." Cane’s eyes fixed on her small figure. Last time he saw her, she was bleeding quite badly and fell unconscious after he forced himself on her. 
"She saw me and the queen when we met secretly," Aderan told him without batting an eye. "She hid in the library." 
"Library?" Cane tilted his head and then his eyes found the book that she was hugging. "What book is that?" 
Aderan took away the book from Iris’s hands and then brought it for the alpha to see. 
Meanwhile, Iris was so scared, she didn’t do anything wrong, aside from going to the library. It was unfortunate that Aderan used it to have an intimate moment with the queen at the same time, but... 
Iris lifted her head and then stared at Aderan and then the alpha, who was reading the book. Cane didn’t look surprised when Aderan told him that he had met with the queen, which meant, it was his order? He knew about that? This came as a shock to Iris. 
On the other hand, Aria craned her neck to see what the book was about. She couldn’t read, because she was a lowborn, a slave by birth, but there was a picture of magic stone and some description below it. 
"Magic stone? Why are you reading about magic stones?!" Aria stared at Iris and she noticed her closed hand. She was holding onto something in her hand, thus she walked over and grabbed her hand and forcefully opened her tight fist. "Did you steal this?!"
Aria took the magic stone and put it in front of the alpha for him to see. 
Cane stared at the magic stone for a while and then at Iris, who was trembling in fear. She lowered her head and fiddled with the hem of her dress. Her auburn hair was messy and there was soot on her left cheek. 
"Raise her head, I want to talk with her." Cane looked at Aderan and he tilted Iris’ head. Not in a gentle way, though. He just made sure she looked at him. "The alpha wants to talk to you." 
Iris nodded and he let go, she felt her jaw throb in pain, but she lifted her head to look at the alpha nonetheless, trying to ignore the fact that the mistress’ dagger looks at her. She would love to kill her right there and then or throw her to the savages, her father’s favorite things to do to his slaves. 
"Explain to me what this is."
###Chapter 29: A SCARED LITTLE GIRL
Chapter 29: A SCARED LITTLE GIRL
Iris felt her heart beat in her throat when she entered the alpha’s bedroom and now when she had to explain what she was doing, she didn’t know where to start. 
"Explain to me what this is." Cane put all of his focus on Iris now, but there was nothing that she could read from his expressionless face. He was akin to a deep and calm lake, you didn’t know what was under. 
"I didn’t steal the magic stone." Iris stared at his lips, instead of his pitch black eyes, because it disturbed her to see such cold eyes. "I found it when I worked in the mines." 
"But, you didn’t give it to the slave trainer!" Aria shouted at her, ignorant of the fact that Iris wasn’t looking in her direction, thus she didn’t know what her accusation was. 
"Aria, leave this room." Cane didn’t shift his eyes from Iris when he spoke. 
Hearing that, Aria was flustered, she knew that she had stepped out of the line and immediately recoiled, she lowered her head in shame. "I am sorry, my alpha... I just got carried away." 
"Leave." 
Cane didn’t like it when he was interrupted and Aria had done it more than twice. She should know about that better, but she couldn’t control her anger every time she saw the daughter of the monster that had broken her and all the people in the Howling Wolf pack to pieces. 
"My alpha..." Aria tried to stay. She wanted to see what kind of punishment that he would give her for stealing the magic stone, but Cane was firm with his command. 
"Leave, Aria. I don’t like to give the same order again and again." 
Knowing Cane, Aria was sure she couldn’t push him more than this. Thus gritting her teeth, she lowered her head and resigned herself from the room. She glared at Iris on her way out of the room. 
Aria would get her own revenge later, once she returned to the mining site. She would make time for it. 
Once the door was closed and the mistress was no longer there, Cane leaned his stiff back against the chair and waited for Iris to speak. 
"I didn’t steal it. I found it, but yes, I didn’t give it to the slave trainer, I am sorry." Iris picked on her nails nervously. The thought of the enraged alpha Cane scared her greatly. She didn’t want to spend the night with him again. But if he had the idea to give her to the savages or the guards to entertain their needs, then it would be over for her. 
She reflected so much on what her father had done to them and her legs almost gave away. 
"How many magic stones have you found so far?" Cane took the magic stone into his hand, it was the color of dark blue and felt so warm, probably because Iris had been holding it for a while now. 
"Three with that," Iris answered truthfully. She only dared to look at his lips, in case he was talking to her. She didn’t want to upset him even more. 
"Three?" Aderan was in shock. Even him, after working for years in the mining site, could only manage to find five, but she could find three in such a short period of time? 
The alpha seemed baffled as well, but he didn’t show it in his callous expression. He weighed the magic stone in his hand and then put it aside, along with the book as he stood up and approached Iris. 
He had not paid attention to her well enough before this, but the more he looked at her, the more he couldn’t understand how a monster like Alpha Gerald had a daughter like her. She was nothing, but a scared little girl. 
If it was not for the shadow of her father, he wouldn’t believe she would be able to hurt even an insect, but then his judgment on her was clouded by the abhorrent acts of her father and brother. 
"How did you find it?" 
Iris didn’t know how to answer that. "I just... found it..." She felt it and found it, as simple as that, as if she had already known where she had to look for and just went with her instinct. 
"Impossible. We need to dig every piece of ground and crush every rock to find a single magic stone." 
Cane narrowed his eyes on Iris, he was deep in thought, as he stared into Iris deep blue eyes. "Come with me." 
Iris stiffened when she read that. Would he torture her? Would she be punished for not handing over the magic stone? What kind of punishment was waiting for her? 
It seemed the fact that Aderan sleeping with the queen was not something that bothered the alpha at all. He wasn’t even surprised by that knowledge. 
Iris stole a glance at Aderan, hoping that the man could give her some explanation about what the alpha would do to her and why she had to follow him, but he seemed at a loss as well. It was hard to tell what was in the alpha’s mind. He was very unpredictable. 
It took a while for Iris to know where they were going. They headed to the mining site and once they were there, she was almost out of breath. 
These two men had walked so fast with long strides which were twice of her own, thus she needed to half run to keep up with them. 
Probably because they used to move fast, they didn’t realize how fast their pace was. 
Iris was light headed by the time they arrived at the mining site. A few slave trainers and guards, who were still there, immediately approached the alpha and greeted him; they were confused as to why he was here at this late hour. 
They glanced at Iris, but didn’t pay much attention to her. It was either they hated her or just saw her as a nuisance. 
However, Cane just nodded at them and continued to walk deeper into the mining site. Iris and Aderan followed behind him. 
"Find it."
###Chapter 30: HER INSTINCT
Chapter 30: HER INSTINCT
Cane had never heard of someone who was able to find magic stones easily, the way Iris did, especially when it came to a rare stone like the one that she kept. 
Probably she didn’t realize it yet. 
Cane had been in these mines for years, of course, when he was not being tortured by Gerald and Mason. The mining site was another form of torture for him, thus he was familiar with various kind of magic stones. The darker the color, the stronger the power it held. 
And it was rare to find a dark blue stone like she did. 
In ten years of slavery and working in mines, he was pretty familiar with various stones. 
"Find it," Cane said, as they stopped in the middle of the site. "Find more magic stones." 
"Pardon me?" Iris blinked her eyes, she didn’t miss what he was saying, but she surely didn’t believe that. Just because she could find one easily, it didn’t mean that she could find more anytime she wanted. 
However, Cane thought she failed to read what he was saying, thus he approached her with long strides and pinched her chin to tilt her head, so she could read lips clearly. 
"Find the magic stones," he enunciated every word clearly and watched how she nodded her head as fear filled her blue eyes. She did not even reach his shoulder and her body was so skinny, as if a small gust of wind could blow her away. 
Cane let her go and watched her stumble. She was at a loss, as she looked around her and pulled at her hair nervously. She glanced a few times in Cane and Aderan’s direction, just in case they were talking to her, but also because she was afraid they would start feeling impatient or agitated. 
In the end, Iris walked slowly toward the last spot that she dug in today, hoping she could feel that strange pull again, while the two men followed behind her. 
She clutched her chest to calm her thumping heart because it was hard to catch that tingling feeling when she was trembling in fear like this. And so she stopped walking and took a deep breath. She looked around her and let her instinct guide her feet, which led her to the eastern part of the mining site, where they dug deeper into the mountain and created a few tunnels. 
There were three tunnels that they dug, which were still active and produced magic stones occasionally. 
"I think... it is inside there..." Iris said, pointing her finger at the second tunnel. 
"Go." 
"Inside?" Iris blanched when he told her to go inside, but Cane didn’t reply to that silly question of hers. "I- I will find one again in a different place." Iris didn’t want to go inside. It was so dark and she hated being in a dark place. 
Being in the dungeon for a week was already bad enough for her, even though she still had dim light from the torch. But inside the tunnel was completely dark and she couldn’t see anything. 
"Go inside," Cane was being impatient with her. He frowned slightly when he watched how she couldn’t walk into the dark tunnel. She gripped her dress until her knuckles turned white, but she didn’t take a step forward. 
Cane recognized this. There were so many people who developed this trauma within his pack members. 
"Light the torch." He gave the order to Aderan, as he moved forward and then started to kindle the torch, letting the warm light illuminate the inside of the tunnel. 
Only then did Iris’s grip on her dress slightly loosen up and that didn’t go unnoticed in Cane’s observation. 
Aderan ended up holding the torch to illuminate their path, while Iris walked behind him, followed by Cane, who felt disgusted to be in this place again. He remembered clearly what kind of torture that he had endured in this place. 
During his second year of slavery, they stripped him naked and whipped him so hard, he thought it would be the end of him. They whipped him in front of children around the age of seven to twelve, while mocking how helpless their alpha was. 
Their alpha couldn’t even help himself and of course, he wouldn’t be able to save them either.
It was one thing to be whipped, but to break those children’s hopes by giving an example that their leader was so helpless, was another thing for Cane. He remembered very clearly how hope died in their eyes and how he hated himself that day for not being able to do something for his people. 
The title as the alpha had turned into a burden for him, the weight of it was so heavy, even now. 
He was the alpha’s son at the time they went into slavery, but since Gerald killed his father, of course, it was him, who would be the next alpha for the people in the Howling Wolf pack. Their hope in him weighed him down so much. 
"It is here..." Iris said, her voice interrupted Cane’s intrusive thoughts, as he forced himself back to the reality of the present. "I didn’t bring a tool to dig the magic stone out..." 
"Is it close to the surface?" 
Iris looked conflicted. "I don’t know..." she answered truthfully. "I just feel it." 
Cane looked at her sharply, which made her lower her head and then stepped closer to the part that she had pointed at. 
"Where exactly is it?" Cane watched Iris point at a spot on the stone wall, precisely telling him the location of the magic stone. 
On the other hand, Aderan frowned so hard, because it was very hard to believe that Iris could find it that easily. He then shifted his attention toward the alpha. Did he believe her? 
But then, before there was another question, the alpha had half shifted his hand and clawed the hard stone wall, which made Iris jolt in shock by how strong he was. 
How could he destroy such a hard stone with his bare hands?! 
But then, if you did it for years, you would know how.
###Chapter 31: I CAN PLEASE YOU
Chapter 31: I CAN PLEASE YOU
In two strikes, Cane managed to put a huge hole in the stone wall, letting chunks and big rocks crumble to the ground of the tunnel. 
"Ah, in this..." Iris said, as she knelt down and grabbed a huge rock before giving it to Cane. "There is a magic stone inside." 
"How do you know that?" Aderan couldn’t help but ask. This simply didn’t make any sense to him. 
Iris shook her head. "I don’t know. I just know there is one in it." She couldn’t explain why she knew because it was almost like a second nature to her to know about these magic stones. She could feel a lot of magic stones in this tunnel, but it would take them years to dig all of them out. 
The feeling was so strong and this overwhelmed her, almost making her slightly dizzy. 
"It doesn’t make any sense..." Aderan shook his head and then took the rock that Cane handed over to him. He couldn’t crush it the way he did the stone wall, because he could accidentally break the precious stone inside. 
They needed a tool to get it out. 
"You can go back to your room." 
And that was it, Cane just left like that. He didn’t talk about what Iris had witnessed in the library, but she was not stupid enough to run her mouth about that matter. It was something that didn’t concern her. 
Whether Cane was behind the affair between the queen and Aderan or not, she was not involved with that plot and she didn’t think she wanted to be part of it. To survive in her current status as a slave was already hard enough for her. She didn’t need to put herself in more trouble. 
However, three days later, the alphas from the five packs started to arrive in the Blue Moon pack. All the preparations to welcome them had been done and this pack became lively once again. 
Iris heard that those alphas wanted to see her. Now her father was not there to tell them off, because he didn’t like them seeing his runt of a daughter, she couldn’t avoid meeting them, especially when she received a direct order from the alpha himself. 
She felt dreadful. 
The welcoming party was not a decent party, where you would get only nice wine and scrumptious food, also some amusement, but it could go very wild and wrong, which involved so many sex activities, where they would let their animal instincts get the better of them. 
In the past, when her father and brother occasionally held a party for those five alphas, she sneaked out one time and what she witnessed was something that she didn’t think she would be able to see again for the second time. 
Iris didn’t want to go to such a party. It was too cruel and sadistic for her taste. If she could, she would rather work herself to death than to participate in that party. 
She herself was trembling in fear when she had to head toward the alpha’s bedroom. The things in the party that she had seen years ago replayed in her mind on a repeat. 
Cane watched her walk into the room. She was wearing a white dress that was in contrast with her auburn hair. She let her long and curly hair cascade down her chest. Her blue eyes looked so gloomy, it was easy to say that she was very reluctant to come. 
But, she looked delightful to the eyes when her face was not covered with soot or her hair was not so messy. She had heart shaped lips and a pointed nose, coupled with her big blue eyes, she could be easily the most beautiful woman in the room. 
Those alphas were so curious about her, since it was a rare occasion to see her, even though she was living in the pack house, because Gerald would always reject their demand to bring her out. 
"The five alphas and the king will be there." Cane said, as he stood up from his seat and approached her. He stared at her with those impassive eyes, which looked so dark. 
Iris fiddled with her fingers and only mumbled ’okay’. 
This would be the first time for her to have really participated in the party and witness up close how they indulge themselves in such occasions. 
Iris remembered, every day during the party was held, the smell of sex and alcohol could be sensed from outside of the pack house. It was stifling. 
Screams and more screams would ring out during the event for days without stopping. Slaves died during that time to entertain those alphas and those people, who were born privileged and that was not a big deal at all. 
Alpha Cane must be there for every hellish party, since Gerald and Mason ’loved’ him so much, they didn’t want him to miss it. 
"We need to leave now." Cane ignored how strong her reluctance to move. But when he walked out of the room and she didn’t follow, he turned around and faced her. "Should I drag you to the main hall myself?" 
Iris was staring at him, thus she caught what he was saying to her. 
"Can... can I do something else?" At least, she needed to try, though the chances of the alpha agreeing to it was very slim to none. 
Cane watched how she stumbled with her words to convince him not to take her, but she didn’t have anything to offer to him. 
"I will find more magic stones for you," Iris said. She was trying so hard to think of her usefulness, but in the end, she was helpless. "I will do everything you tell me to do, but please... I don’t want to be there." 
Iris’s heart sank when she watched how callous Cane was. He didn’t sympathize with her plea, but then why should he? He must have pleaded the same thing to her father, but Gerald would have laughed in his face. 
"I- I can..." Iris tried to find the right thing to say. "I can please you..." she lowered her head as her cheeks burned.
###Chapter 32: THE WELCOMING PARTY
Chapter 32: THE WELCOMING PARTY
"I- I can... I can please you..." Iris lowered her head. Her cheeks burned. She must have gone crazy and be beyond desperate to be able to propose something like that. 
But then, it would be better for Cane to be the only man who ever touched her, rather than to be exchanged among the alphas for their pleasure. 
Because that was what they usually did to the slaves and she was one of them right now. She watched how a slave got raped until she died miserably before. She had seen the pain on her face and how her eyes slowly dimmed, as life snuffed out of them. 
This was only a fraction of the things that she remembered when she witnessed the party years ago. Meanwhile, all the alphas laughed at the slave agony and simply tossed her body away to be replaced by someone else. 
It was so callous, as if their lives meant nothing. 
And there was a high possibility that Iris would have to endure the same thing. She was a slave now. A war prisoner, a slave for Cane nonetheless. 
The thought of it alone turned her throat dry. She would rather have Cane torture her than to go inside that den of hungry and obscene shifters. 
Iris knew them since her father’s reign, thus she knew what kind of fate was waiting for her at their hands. Now she was no longer the alpha’s daughter and was just a slave of the new conqueror. 
"Please, alpha... you can torture me." Iris fell to her knees. She begged him now, because her fear was so strong. She couldn’t bring herself to enter such a room where only lustful eyes could be seen everywhere. That disgusted her. 
"Torture you? Do you even know what you are asking for?" Cane’s cold eyes fell on her and she couldn’t bear to look into them, but then she needed to know what he was saying, thus she looked at his lips instead. Her whole body was shaking. 
"Please, alpha... I don’t want..." Iris stopped herself, she knew what Howling Wolf pack had gone through under her father’s hands. They must have begged him this way as well when they were forced to do something so abhorrent. They didn’t want to do it, but did her father care about that? The answer was crystal clear, thus why would alpha Cane care about what she wanted or didn’t want? 
However, instead of throwing that fact at her face, Cane approached her. He looked down at her as he spoke. 
Cane grabbed her arm and then pulled her up. "Bear with it." 
What he said didn’t help her feel better, she could feel her stomach churning uncomfortably, as she followed his footsteps. He let her go once they were out of the bedroom.
"You will come. Whether you walk through the door or I will ask someone to drag you in." Cane didn’t raise his voice, but his intention was clear, he was serious about what he said. 
Iris wiped her tears from her cheeks. Her father and brother found it annoying to see her cry, thus she stopped herself from crying and gritted her teeth. Compared to what he had gone through, this was nothing. 
It was nothing. 
Stop thinking. It will be over soon. 
Iris then tried to remember what Hanna said about how she couldn’t fight back because they would hurt her even more if she resisted. She needed to let them do whatever they wanted to her, or else they would find her amusing, writhing in pain, since that was what entertained them the most. 
She needed to stay still and should not show her reluctance, let them get bored with her. 
On the other hand, Cane glanced at her over his shoulder before he entered the main hall, where the five alphas and the king had been waiting. 
For shifters, a party would always mean sexual pleasure. The time when they truly became animals. Cane despised this so much. 
However, in his current condition, no matter how disgusted he was by it, he still had to please them with such a party, so they wouldn’t go against him openly, at least, not yet. 
He couldn’t confront them when he was not strong enough. It would be a reckless move. Everything took time and he needed to create a stronghold first before he launched an attack. 
"The alpha of the Howling Wolf pack and his slave enter the room!" The guard announced their arrival and for a moment, the cheerful laughter quieted down, as their attention was on Cane and Iris. 
Iris felt her heart beat in her throat when she walked in on the obscene sight before her eyes. 
Women were naked, as they laughed coquettishly to satisfy their masters. They didn’t seem ashamed at all with their nudity, since all of them were almost naked. They tried their best to be their master’s favorite, because as a personal slave like them, their master’s affection was the only way for them to survive, since they could be killed for even a trivial mistake and were easily replaceable. 
Moans and groans in pleasure filled the room, as the smell of sex permitted from every living being here. This was a thousand times worse than when Iris caught the queen and Aderan having an affair. 
At least, they did it one on one, but what was happening here was beyond depraved. Each alpha had at least five slaves to satisfy him, even the king wouldn’t keep his hands off the few slaves that surrounded him. They would exchange those slaves with one another to make things more interesting and of course, the beautiful ones would have a hard time with those alphas, as they would want to have them for themselves. 
Aria used to be the favorite slave in every party, since she looked so beautiful with a voluptuous body and her sun kissed skin. 
However, knowing Iris would be at the party, Aria didn’t want to be here. It brought back a lot of trauma and harsh memories to her and she deemed it was not worth it. 
She would hear what happened from the slaves or servants. That was enough. 
"Ah! So, this is Gerald’s daughter! I saw her one time six years ago and now she is a woman already!"
###Chapter 33: THE WELCOMING PARTY (2)
Chapter 33: THE WELCOMING PARTY (2)
Outside of the main hall, those high ranking and important warriors, who were not in charge of guarding the place would have their share of slaves and wine as well, therefore, this pack house was filled with so muny obscene scenes and scents. 
Most of the pack members would lock themselves inside their houses during this time, because they didn’t want to accidentally get involved in this party. They dreaded them. 
Meanwhile, inside the hall, where the alphas and the king were, music was playing softly, along with their moans. 
Pairs of eyes watched Iris lustfully. As they received pleasure from their slaves and mistresses, their eyes were fixed on her. There was no need to confirm what kind of disgusting thoughts that they had in their heads. 
This feeling was too much for Iris, she recoiled and pressed her body against alpha Cane, as if he was the only safest place for her in this den of hungry wolves. 
However, it was ironic to remember that it was Cane who had brought her to this place and offered her to be savored by those beasts. 
Cane frowned when he felt her body so close to him, but he didn’t shove her away. Instead, he walked toward his chair on the king’s left side, while Iris knelt down beside Cane’s chair, lowering her head, until she kissed the floor, waiting for further instruction. 
All the slaves inside this room would have to do the same thing when they were not being used by their alphas or masters. That was the place where a slave should be, so low on the floor, kissing the ground their masters walked on. 
"You are late," the king stated and Cane simply nodded and apologized for his tardiness. "What is it? You have to coax your little slave first?" King Aeon looked half drunk with a naked woman on his lap, nibbling on his earlobe. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t answer that question and let him think whatever he wanted. 
"Let’s start this!" Alpha Gill from Riverside pack was so eager to see Iris. 
He was the one who had proposed for this girl to be one of his mistresses when she turned fifteen. He saw her accidentally and was enamoured by her beauty. He couldn’t wait to have a taste of her. Or maybe he could ask Cane for a compromise and take this runt to himself! 
"This will be your first slave, Alpha Cane!" He chortled at Cane, as if he had forgotten what he had done to him in this very room. "Let’s strip her!" 
"Strip her naked!" Alpha Darrian from Crystal Moon pack backed it up, followed by all degrading demands from the rest of the alphas in this room, while all the slaves’ eyes were on Iris, who recoiled at their demanding voice. 
Her body was trembling, as she started to whimper. 
"Make her dance for us!" 
"I want to see how much she has grown up!" 
"Strip her dress!" 
"I want to see her body!" 
Iris couldn’t hear what they said, but from what she sensed and how excited these people were, she knew that they demanded her to do something. "Please... please..." she whimpered. 
But then she felt Cane reach out to her as he lifted her head. She read his lips and a tear escaped from the corner of her eyes. 
"They are asking you to take your dress off." Cane looked so callous and cold when he said that, as if all of his compassion had been wrung out of him. He was nothing but another heartless alpha. "You will get used to it." 
Iris pleaded with her eyes, but it didn’t reach him at all, because when one of the alphas grabbed her arm and yanked her away, he did nothing. Instead, he sipped his alcohol as if there was nothing happening.
Meanwhile, Iris was too afraid and at a loss to say something. Her whole body was trembling, fighting back her tears, as she remembered what Hanna said to not give them pleasure from torturing her, because that was what they liked and it would only prolong their interest in her. 
She needed to numb her feelings, but every cell in her body could feel it, she was dreadful. 
It was Alpha James from Bloody Wolf pack who caught her arm and threw her to the middle of the room, while the other alphas cheered from the side. 
They circled her and threw degrading remarks about what they were going to do with her body, as her fear excited them. Hanna was right. 
They couldn’t wait to see her body. 
"Strip!" Alpha Gill screamed impatiently, while a woman gave him pleasure with her mouth, but his eyes never left Iris. "I want to see her body under that shabby dress!" 
All the alphas and the king sat on their seats on the side, as they watched her intensely. 
Alpha James gave Iris a wolfish grin, he didn’t know that Iris couldn’t hear what he was saying. "Don’t you hear that? They want to see your body. Now you are only a slave, you should do what your master wants you to do." 
Impatient, James stood up and approached her, he grabbed her dress and ripped it apart in one swift movement, which elicited cheers from all the people there. 
Iris muffled her scream as she immediately knelt down and covered her nudity with her arms and her long hair. Thankfully, her hair was long enough to cover her skin, but it wouldn’t do much to protect her if they really wanted her. 
All the alphas laughed at her predicament and how she tried to avoid Alpha James’s attempt to touch her. 
"She is a runt! I want to see whether a runt will be able to give the same satisfaction." Alpha Gian from Silver River pack spoke in delight to see the sight before his eyes. 
She looked so fine and even though all of them were friends with Gerald and mostly did such abhorrent acts with him, he was dead now and there was no respect for each other since the very beginning, therefore, they didn’t even hesitate to fuck Gerald’s daughter for pleasure. 
Actually, they had been waiting for this. It was fair for them, after all, as long as you were in power, you could do whatever you pleased. 
"No, please, alpha James!" Iris had known him for years before this. Even though she was not her father’s favorite child, her status always protected her. 
But right now, there was nothing that could protect her from their demeaning ways. 
She cried when alpha James held both of her arms behind her back, which exposed her well developed breasts, they roared disgustingly to see her pinkish nipples. 
Iris forgot what Hanna said about remaining silent and staying still, because right now, she was shaking like a leaf to see such a reaction from them.
###Chapter 34: THE WELCOMING PARTY (3)
Chapter 34: THE WELCOMING PARTY (3)
All the alphas cheered at what James was doing, even the king was laughing at the scene before his eyes. They were going crazy at this, especially when it was Gerald’s only daughter, whom he had kept hidden for a long time. 
To see her grow up into a beautiful woman and ready for them to feast, hyped them up further. 
"Look at those perky nipples! I want to wrap my mouth around them!" 
"She has her mother’s beauty!" All of them agreed. 
Gerald made his own destined mate to be his mistress, while taking Iris’s mother to be the luna of the pack. That was the extent of Gerald’s craziness among the many other things. 
Iris was trembling in fear when James callous hand fondled her breasts, she tried to thrash her body, but it was hard in her current position. 
James pulled her closer, thus she could touch his hardness with her hands that he held behind her back, while his other hand fondled her breasts. He licked her ear and nibbled on her earlobe. The feeling of his hardness in her palms repulsed her and she thought she wanted to vomit right there and then. 
Would he let her go when she covered herself with her own vomit? The thought crossed Iris’s mind. She couldn’t stop crying, while her body rejected his advances greatly. 
Iris turned her head to the side and caught Cane’s dark eyes. He was staring at her, but there was no emotion whatsoever in those dark eyes. He was so cold, as if he had cut all the connection that he had to reality and was deep in his own thoughts. 
Cane stared at her predicament, but he wasn’t really looking at her. This was nothing for him, for he had gone through the worst. 
"Please... please..." Iris pleaded, she whispered the words through the sobs that wrecked her body, which was now under the possession of alpha James. He caressed her inner thighs now, feeling good with himself because he got the first chance to try her. 
His fingers now rubbed her womanhood, as the others cheered him to make her cum. 
Just close your eyes and stay still, all of this will be over soon. Iris talked to herself, trying hard to numb her feelings. This will be over soon. When it is over, you can pretend like it has never happened. 
That was what she said to herself. 
However, no matter how hard she tuned out her own feelings, she couldn’t help this disgusting thought that crawled on her skin. She wanted to push him away. 
A whimper escaped her lips when she felt the precum on the tip of his phallus and his hot and erratic breath against her shoulder, while he kept rubbing her intimate part. She didn’t feel pleasure, she felt pain. 
Her heart was in her throat, beating in her ears. 
But then, it stopped, James moved away from her body and her hands were free again. Iris immediately opened her eyes and sank to the floor. She found people’s attention was not on her anymore, but a person, who was standing near the door. 
And it was her brother. This was the first time for Iris to see her brother after the pack had fallen into Alpha Cane’s hands and she was almost unable to recognize him. 
He looked battered and... horrid. 
But, all of their main focus was on his private part that had been chopped off. He was stark naked, standing near the door with Gamma Ethan right behind him. He was holding a leash to Mason’s neck, as if he was some kind of dog. 
Iris’s first instinct was to look for Cane, but he was nowhere to be seen. Her heart lurched to her stomach when she realized that she was alone in this room, but then she caught a glimpse of him, leaving the room, their eyes met, but there was nothing that he said. He just held her gaze for two long seconds before he exited the room through the back door. 
Iris then looked around her frantically, realizing that Mason was crawling on the ground, while Ethan threw a treat on the floor so that he could get it with his mouth, eating straight from the ground. 
All of them laughed and for a moment, they forgot about her existence, amused by the sight of a young man who once upon a time couldn’t live without sex, but now had to lose his manhood and was treated like a mutt, as he acted like one. 
This was the entertainment that they loved at every party. 
Iris scrambled away and ran out of the room, it was only the king who saw her, but he said nothing when she exited from the same door that Cane used. 
If the king wanted to help her by feigning ignorance of her little escape, he surely had done her a great favor. 
But then, Iris was still naked, it was only her long, curly hair that covered her body. The guards ogled at her, but some of them politely turned their heads away and found the sky more interesting than her nudity, which she was thankful for. 
Iris was not sure where she needed to go, but then there was an old lady that approached her. 
"Come here," she said, as she draped a long cloak around her shoulders. The cloak covered her perfectly and she was no longer exposed for those eyes to see, it felt warm and she felt safe. 
This was the first time for Iris to feel so emotional over a cloak and such kindness, thus she ended up crying. She held the cloak so tight to her body, as if she was holding onto her life. 
"There, there." the old lady patted her back and guided her to one of the rooms, as she sat her down on the bed. 
Iris recognized this as one of the bedrooms for guests, they had a lot in this pack house, since her father loved to hold parties and have fun with his fellow immoral alpha friends to enjoy such entertainment. 
"I will bring you hot tea, you will feel better after having some," the old woman said, but Iris missed it. 
Her vision was blurry because of the tears that welled up in her eyes. She couldn’t stop shaking, she felt so dirty when she remembered the way alpha James touched her and how they looked at her like she was a piece of juicy meat, full of lust.
###Chapter 35: HOWLING IN THE DISTANCE
Chapter 35: HOWLING IN THE DISTANCE
Ethan hated it that he had to go to this welcoming party, but then he had a cute mutt ready to be introduced to those obscene alphas and he thought it would be a great experience for the mutt to be finally put in his position. 
Thus, with his happy- go- lucky personality, he entered the main hall with his mutt and showed them what Mason could do. He even put a leash around his neck and forced him to crawl on the floor to get a treat. 
Mason didn’t have any other choice but to swallow his pride, if he still had any. He crawled per Ethan’s instructions, since this crazy gamma had starved him for five days straight. He was barely able to walk. 
The humiliation and anger were unbearable seeing those familiar faces laughing at his downfall. They wouldn’t have dared to laugh at his face if his father was still here. 
However, he was too hungry to get angry. 
Ethan enjoyed the show, so did the rest of the alphas and the king. 
"This is just the beginning," Ethan whispered into Mason’s ear. "I will give you the taste of your own actions down to the very little detail." 
It was Jace, who was treated this way when he was taken to the party for the first time by alpha Gerald. He put a leash on his neck and made him crawl on the floor to get a treat by his mouth, or else, Cane would be whipped. 
Jace did it, but Cane still got whipped. 
"Where is the girl!?" 
After the show, they finally realized that Iris was no longer inside the room and alpha Cane had disappeared as well. They were mad, but then Ethan threw Mason to them. 
"I think her brother will do for now." Ethan dragged Mason to the table and laid him down. "I still remember that he hated it when someone did his back." 
All the five alphas laughed, a few slaves laughed along with their masters, so did the king, but when the actual act happened, the king left the room. It didn’t suit his palate. Moreover, he was tired, since his slaves had made him come a few times. He was satisfied enough. It was time to look for his queen. 
============================= 
Amee checked on Iris when she returned with tea and meal. She was sleeping and knowing that she needed rest after such a horrible event, she left the meal there. 
It seemed she was in a great shock because of what Alpha James had done to her and how those people looked at her degradingly. But, she didn’t have a fever, she would check on her again later, just in case she would catch one. 
Amee was Rora and Edgar’s wet nurse, the alpha’s twin siblings, also their nanny; she had been in the family for a long time. During those hard times, she would be the one, who pushed him to go through day after day and keep strong, for he couldn’t let Gerald laugh at his death. Though it was hard, thanks to her, Cane could keep a little bit of his sanity intact. 
"I will go now," Cane said, as he gulped down the tea that Amee brought for him and stood up. 
Cane looked a little bit pale, it was only a few hours before midnight and he was feeling restless already. He started to feel the pain, as if his whole body was being pricked by thousands of silver needles. 
Yet, despite what he felt, he didn’t show it on his face at all. He still looked calm and distant. 
There was a heavy cloud of sadness in Amee’s eyes when she watched Cane’s retreating back, as she knew he would receive the retribution for his actions, the price for his pack’s freedom. 
Every new moon, every month, he would be in agony that none of them could imagine. 
There were a lot of things that happened and a lot of sacrifices before they could free themselves from the tyrant’s grip, things that shouldn’t be said or talked about. 
Amee’s heart ached every time the new moon came and Cane had to be away from all the people for his own sake and the others’, taking the brunt all by himself. 
======================== 
Iris woke up around midnight, she kept hearing a howl in the distance, though it was not possible and that must be only in her mind. 
She opened her eyes groggily and took in her surroundings, she was sure that she was not in her room and when she tried to pinpoint where she was, all the memories about what happened earlier that day flooded her mind and she couldn’t help but tremble in fear again. 
"You are, okay. You are fine... you are fine..." Iris talked to herself, hugging her knees, as she looked around in alert, afraid that one of the alphas would suddenly appear and touch her again, since they would still be in the pack house for another six days. 
When Iris managed to get a little grip over her emotions, she found a tray of food on the table, not too far from her and a new dress on the bed. She just realized that she was naked under the cloak, it seemed, she cried herself to sleep and that old lady had brought her food and a dress while she was sleeping. 
Would she be alright to do this for her? Wouldn’t the alpha be angry? 
But then, she was too famished to care about that, at least for now. 
Gingerly, Iris got off the bed and headed for the food. It was already cold, but there was meat there and she didn’t mind it. It was a nice meal, though it was no longer warm. 
In the end, Iris helped herself and ate everything on the table gleefully, but then, the howling in the distance wouldn’t stop bothering her. 
It sounded so pitiful, as if someone was in pain and what was more, it felt like they were calling for her...
###Chapter 36: HOWLING IN THE DISTANCE (2)
Chapter 36: HOWLING IN THE DISTANCE (2)
While she was eating, Iris kept hearing this howling in the distance. It was weird for her to hear this and she thought it was just in her mind, since it had been so quiet for a long time for her. Ever since she lost her hearing, she heard nothing, but herself in her mind, never a sad, long howling like this. 
Iris put down the empty bowl and felt a little bit better now that she was fed and then went on to put on the dress. It felt so soft on her skin, almost like one of her old dresses. 
But then, the howling didn’t stop and this made her heart ache for some reason. The howling sounded very pitiful, like coming from an injured animal, begging for mercy. She was not sure why she felt this way. 
How could she decipher such howling? 
Iris looked at herself in the mirror, there were streaks of tears on her cheeks. She went to the bathroom and splashed water on her face and her hair to make her curls not look like a bird’s nest. 
After that, she tidied up the bed and walked out of the bedroom with the tray in her hands. She didn’t want to be so ungrateful and not clean up after herself after receiving such kindness. 
Iris walked gingerly in the corridor and only met a few guards that were on patrol around the area. They only glanced at her and left her alone, which she was grateful for, because the guards of the Blue Moon pack would snatch a slave and have a fun time with them whenever they could, but the people from the Howling Wolf pack didn’t do such a thing. 
Even though Iris could see how much they hated her because she was Alpha Gerald’s daughter, something she couldn’t help with. 
However, the more Iris walked away from the pack house to the kitchen area to put away her empty plates, the clearer the howling in her ears sounded. It bothered her greatly, because it almost felt like the wounded animal was only a few steps away from her. 
She kept turning around and glancing over her shoulder, only to find nothing was following her, but she was sure the howling came not too far from here. 
There was no one in the kitchen and she put the tray in the sink along with the other dirty plates. She considered ignoring the sound and returning to her bedroom, to snuggle with Hanna. 
Iris didn’t want to put herself in danger, today was enough for her, but then she couldn’t shake off this sadness upon hearing the howl. 
"Should I go take a look?" There was this nagging feeling that she couldn’t ignore and without her knowing it, her legs started leading her away from the annex, the place for slaves to sleep. 
She knew this place, since this pack house was the only world that she had ever seen for the last twenty years, because her father wouldn’t allow her to roam around and meet other people. This place and the mining site. 
Iris knew this place like the back of her hand, as she used to sneak out every night to take a stroll. 
In the west garden, there was a small hut, where her father would take his favorite slaves to be tortured. It was a secluded place and was far away from where the people resided. Not to mention the place of that torture was actually in the basement of the small hut. The noise wouldn’t be heard if one didn’t scream loud enough or a person didn’t stay so close to this rickety hut. 
Iris once came to this place and watched how her father tortured the slaves, therefore, she knew there was a hidden room in this hut and the howling voice came from there. 
"But, the howling sounded so close when I was in the kitchen," Iris muttered to herself when she entered the hut. 
It took fifteen minutes to walk from the kitchen to this hut, thus there was no way no one heard this howl aside from her, but the guards that she met didn’t seem to be bothered by it at all, or maybe they didn’t hear it in the first place? 
This nagging feeling was getting stronger the more she got closer to the hidden room, the same feeling like when she found the magic stone, but with a different intensity. 
Iris couldn’t describe the feeling well, but all she knew was this was different. 
It was so dark inside the hut and she halted her steps because she couldn’t bring herself to walk into this darkness. She was afraid, but the howling became even more restless. 
Iris was stuck. 
In the end, she found a torch near the door of the hut and the kindle. Clumsily, Iris tried to light it up, since she had never done it before, but she had seen it countless times. It was not easy, but in her fourth attempt, finally the fire illuminated the dark corners of the hut. She sighed in relief, as she reentered the hut with the torch in her hand. 
The secret room was hidden behind a bluebird picture that hung on the wall. There was a door behind it which led them to the basement of this hut. It was exactly the same as the last time she was here and this brought back unpleasant memories to her mind. 
Iris shook her head and focused on what she would find in the basement. She could see nothing, but probably there was something there. 
Her heart was beating so fast and her breathing became erratic as she was so close to the source of this howl. She walked down the stairs, toward the sound and raised her torch to illuminate the dark corners of the basement. 
"Argh!" 
Iris dropped the torch in her hand and in an instant the room became so dark, but she could see a pair of red eyes staring at her, as the sad howling turned into angry ones. 
There, Iris watched a huge beast chained to the wall behind.
###Chapter 37: HOWLING IN THE DISTANCE (3)
Chapter 37: HOWLING IN THE DISTANCE (3)
"I really don’t like doing this." Ethan looked morose when he had to put chains on Cane, especially when the chains were made of silver. 
He refused to use gloves when he had to touch those silver chains, no matter what Cane said, he just didn’t want to do it. 
His hands would heal in a few hours if they got burned in the process, but to think that Cane would be chained to the wall for the rest of the night with those silver chains that hurt his limbs, he hated that so much more. 
’At least, this is what I can do for you.’ That was Ethan’s answer, though by hurting himself, he actually didn’t help anyone. In his twisted mind, he wanted to feel the pain, at least. 
"I will ask Jace to do this next time," Cane said simply. He didn’t even flinch when the silver ate at his skin, leaving burn marks where it touched. 
Ethan groaned in frustration. "That’s not what I mean," he grumbled even more. "You know that’s not what I meant." 
Cane didn’t heed to his complaints and just stared at the dark basement of this rickety hut. He had been here countless times during his slavery days, he thought once they were free, he could burn down this place for good, but who would have thought that he would need this place more than those horrendous days? 
Such an irony... 
"Check again," Cane said when Ethan was done putting those painful silver chains around his limbs to bind him to the wall, so he wouldn’t be able to move as his strength wouldn’t be strong enough to break them down. 
Now was a critical moment, as the five alphas and the king were in the pack house. If they knew about this... all of their sacrifices would go in vain and those dark days would be presented back to them. 
"This is already secure." But, Ethan did what he was told and checked it again. 
"Now leave," Cane said unfeelingly. 
"I can stay, I think you will get bored if you have to be left alone in this boring place." That was nonsense, since Cane wouldn’t remember anything, but pain when he was in this phase. 
"Leave, Ethan." 
Ethan didn’t move. He looked so stubborn. 
"It is hard enough for me to go through this, I don’t need a spectator to watch me being miserable. Now, leave." 
Ethan knew what Cane meant, it hurt his pride and ego if someone had to witness when he was being helpless, while people tended to think highly of him. 
Gerald and Mason had made sure Cane went through those horrible feelings of being helpless and let his people witness that, thus at this moment, it would help him more if Ethan just left him alone. 
"I will be nearby," Ethan said in resignation and then left Cane alone, as his body started to take another form when the clock hit midnight. 
It had been six months and Cane had gone through six painful night thus far in order to pay the price of their freedom and there were only a handful people that knew about this, aside from the beta and gamma, it was only Amee, who knew about this fact and this secret shouldn’t be known by a single soul, aside from them. 
The night had never been so long and painful for Cane every time the new moon came. 
========================= 
The beast was standing on its hind legs while his limbs were chained to the wall with something that looked like silver. It seemed to have cause so much pain, since Iris could see droplets of blood on the floor. 
"Wh- what...?" Iris breathed raggedly when she saw the monster before her eyes. Was that a monster? They chained a monster in this place? But, why did they keep a monster? 
She couldn’t find the answers to her questions, but right now was not the time for her to look for any. She had to flee from here. 
Whatever the reason they kept the monster here for was, that should be a secret that she must not know and knowing it wouldn’t give her a good chance at survival. 
The monster looked furious when he saw her and his canines threatened to rip her apart, while his claws emerged from the tips of his fingers. The silver chains rattled and the wall behind it shook, as if it was about to collapse. 
She needed to get out of there, but her legs betrayed her, she couldn’t move an inch, she was too stunned and scared to even move a finger. The darkness that surrounded her didn’t help either. This darkness was suffocating and coupled with her fear, she felt lightheaded. 
’No. You can’t faint. You are going to die if you faint here!’ 
Iris kept talking herself out, so she wouldn’t lose it, but the monster only looked even more agitated when she dragged herself away toward the door. She felt her body was so heavy, as if there was a huge weight that weighed her down, preventing her from leaving this room. 
And right at that time, she heard the most horrid growl from the beast, as she watched the wall that bound him crumble. 
In this situation, it didn’t come to her notice how she managed to hear those sounds from the beast when she couldn’t hear the crumble of the wall when the beast managed to break free from it. 
Iris felt her heart was in her throat to see the beast was just two steps away from her. 
His huge hand, which was covered with gruff hair, caught her left leg and dragged her toward him. 
Iris screamed as hard as she could, but the beast growled even more viciously to see how scared she was, but then something really startling happened. 
The monster before her eyes changed its shape. The monster was a shapeshifter? It shaped into someone that she thought she would never see in this room. 
But, before Iris could organize her thoughts, he sunk his sharp canines into her neck.
###Chapter 38: QUENCHED HIS THIRST
Chapter 38: QUENCHED HIS THIRST
The pain was unbearable when his bones dislocated and he was forced to shift into the monster that people thought was the epitome of the bad omen for a shapeshifter. He and his people would be doomed once the word of his condition got out. 
"ARRGHH!" Cane roared in agony, this kind of pain almost felt like every bone in his body had been broken into a million pieces. His body felt so hot, as if there was someone pouring melted iron all over his body. Thawed his brain and liquefied his being. 
He couldn’t sense anything anymore, as he felt his body turn into a ball of flames. Every inch of his skin was so painful, even the pain from the silver chains seemed heavenly compared to this one. 
Cane had gone through this six times, but he had never gotten used to it, he didn’t think that he would ever get used to this. He felt like his insides were being minced when he had to shift into that monster. 
The monster he had to become as the price for the sorcery that he had committed, in order to free his people from the tyrant. 
And once the monster was out, it wanted to run rampant, thirsting for blood. It wanted to be freed, but the chains stopped it. The thirst was unbearable, coupled with the pain of forcefully shifting, Cane knew no pain greater than this. 
The flames turned into inferno with every second that passed. 
He was howling in agony. 
But then, there was this scent that bothered him, the scent was akin to a fresh air that let him breathe for a moment. It was so heavenly in his current state. He howled even harder, calling for whoever that scent belonged to, to come closer to him, as he was in a lot of pain. 
He kept howling, calling... 
And there she was, a girl, a very young girl with auburn hair and a pair of deep blue eyes, as deep as ocean, which the monster gladly wanted to drown himself in, to put off his misery and the flames inside of him. 
Yet, she moved away from him. Scared. 
NO! 
That was the first thing that came to Cane’s frenzied mind. Her presence allowed him to breathe. She was like a breeze of fresh air in the desert, water to quench his thirst. 
The monster roared more viciously again this time, as if the air that he breathed was taken away from him. 
The walls rumbled and the chains rattled. 
The only thing in his mind was how to reach for his savior. 
But, the girl kept moving away and he was starting to feel that misery looming at the back of his mind, coming in full force at him, as he had tasted a little bit of mercy. 
He couldn’t lose this. 
Amidst this craziness, no chains could stop the monster from getting what it wanted and once the chains were broken and the wall crumbled, the monster immediately pinned the girl down to the ground, rendering her unable to move. 
And the touch... 
Once they made physical contact, the flame subsided a little more, leaving him with more bearable pain. The monster put its muzzle against her neck and the scent hit him hard. It was heavenly, as blissfulness surrounded him. 
Her slender neck was so close, the monster literally could hear the blood coursing through her veins and his instinct kicked in, it was a primal instinct, almost like it was the course of nature for him to do it. 
His canines elongated and he sunk his teeth into the tender flesh of her neck, drank in her blood, which reduced the pain even more. It got rid of the fog in his mind, allowing him to think clearer. 
The girl beneath him kept thrashing, fighting him off with such a measly effort. She cried and screamed, but then her voice faded as her consciousness left her, blood drained from her neck, drank by the monster, which slowly returned to its original shape completely.
And now, it was only Cane, the alpha, pinning her down and putting his mark on her. But once he got a little bit of his sanity back, it was too late, Iris lost so much blood. Her blood was still dripping down Cane’s chin. 
In the distance, there were noises and Ethan and Jace came over as they heard the sound of the wall crumbling. 
"FOR FUCK’S SAKE!" Ethan cursed once he caught the sight before his eyes. He stopped ten steps away from Cane, who had just mauled Iris, while Jace stayed close to him, he was at a loss for words as well. 
They came running after they heard the loud sound of the wall collapsing. They knew they would be in great trouble once the monster was unleashed, but they didn’t expect to come face to face with something like this. 
They thought they would fight the monster, lure Cane to the Goffa mountain, so he wouldn’t attract attention and keep him there until the sunrise, which was not an easy task to do, yet that was the best plan that they had. 
But, they didn’t expect to see Cane in his human form with blood dripping from his mouth, while beneath him was a young girl, pooled in her own blood. 
What the hell happened here?! The sky was still so dark and the dawn was still so far away. 
The silence was suffocating, until Cane spoke in his deep and dark voice, as he wiped the blood from his mouth. 
Iris’s blood tasted very sweet, it almost felt like fresh cold water that moistened his dried throat, quenching the flames in him. He wanted more, but then she would be dead. 
"Call Amee here," Cane said. He lifted his head and his red eyes stared straight at Jace. "Tell her to bring her herbs and give her the details of the situation." 
Jace was stupefied for a moment, but then he composed himself. "On it." 
"Who... who is that?" Ethan asked warily.
###Chapter 39: HER ONLY SIN IS SHE IS HER FATHER’S DAUGHTER
Chapter 39: HER ONLY SIN IS SHE IS HER FATHER’S DAUGHTER
Ethan took a stealthy glance at Cane once again and the sun that just appeared on the horizon. 
The alpha shouldn’t be in his human form yet. At this time, he should usually start to regain his sanity back slowly and only in the afternoon would he be completely clear to meet other people. But most of the time, he would be too exhausted and sleep until the next morning. 
However, hours before the sunrise, he had shifted into his human form and was seemingly sane enough to hold a conversation. 
Why was it? 
Ethan looked at Iris, who was lying on the bed. Her blood had stopped flowing, but she was exceptionally pale. If it was not for the rise and fall of her chest indicating she was breathing, he would have thought that she was long dead. 
Meanwhile, Amee was trying her best to keep her alive. She grinded herbs not too far from them, then brewed them and helped Iris to drink the potion. 
On the other hand, Cane had been standing in the same position since they took Iris to this room. His expression was unreadable. 
This was the room next to the alpha’s room, where Aria usually would sleep after her night with the alpha. 
"What are the other alphas and the king doing now?" Finally, Cane broke the silence. 
"They are hunting. They went to Goffa mountain early this morning and will return before the sun is down," Ethan replied to the question. 
"How is she now?" Cane shifted his attention from Iris to Amee. 
"Her condition is not really great to begin with and now..." Amee frowned slightly. "We can lose her anytime. She lost so much blood." 
Silence descended among them again. 
"What will you do when she is finally awake?" Amee finally asked the question that had been gnawing at her mind ever since she saw the wound on Iris’s neck. 
Cane narrowed his eyes at the question. "Is it there?" 
"Yes, you have marked her." Amee looked at the alpha with a complicated expression. While it was a big shock for Ethan, Cane seemed to have an idea about it. 
"What? You marked her?" Ethan was flabbergasted, he looked back and forth between Cane, Amee and the unconscious Iris. "But, why? Why did you mark her?!" 
"I don’t think it was intentional, Cane was not in his right mind at that time." Amee shushed Ethan to not make a fuss. 
Ethan read the situation quite fast and clamped his mouth shut. How could he mark his enemy’s daughter? Cane must feel really awful right now, even though he didn’t show it, as his expression remained stoic. 
"I don’t know if my herbs will help her, but it is better to call the healer," Amee suggested. "She is in critical condition. I don’t think her body will be able to endure the mark." 
However, the problem was; if they let other people see the wound, they would immediately recognize the mark on her neck and it wouldn’t do them any good. 
"No." Cane rejected the idea. "If she lives, I will deal with her, if she dies, we will bury her." 
However, he wished she lived, he needed to know how she ended the curse sooner than it was supposed to be. 
========================= 
"Sir, may I know if there is a possibility... the alpha has my missy?" Hanna had been looking for Iris for more than three days now, since the night they took her to the welcoming party, as she had not yet returned. 
She was very worried. She had been asking around about what happened inside the room, but from what she gathered, Iris had left in the middle of it when the gamma brought Mason into the room and distracted them. 
However, no one knew where she was. 
"Is Miss Iris with the alpha?" Hanna asked Ethan again. She gathered some courage and finally went to see the gamma near the dungeon, since he was in charge of those people, who were waiting for the execution. 
Ethan frowned as he folded his arms across his chest. "Hanna," he called her name, tired. He knew that this servant had been looking for Iris for the past three days and she eventually would come to him or Jace. "She will return once she is in good condition." 
Hanna gasped. "Do you mean she is sick? Where is she? I will take care of her." Hanna looked agitated to know that Iris was sick, knowing how people from the Howling Wolf pack hated her, she wouldn’t be treated well in this pack house. 
"You need to stop this, Hanna." Ethan frowned. "We, people from the Howling Wolf pack, greatly appreciate what you have done for us during our time of need, but you need to stop defending her." 
"Why should I stop?" Hanna squared her shoulders. She knew that she would get into trouble if she was being stubborn, especially with someone of a high rank like Ethan. 
"Because she is not worth it." 
Hanna had heard that over and over again, but it didn’t make it easy for her to accept that. "Did she ever try to hurt you or your people?" Hanna asked, her eyes were so bright when she talked about Iris. "Did she ever lay a hand on you and your people? Hurt you and the others in any way possible? Or starved you, or asked someone to rape you! Her only sin is that she is her father’s daughter. She can’t choose her father, but she is nothing like him!"
Hanna’s voice was so firm, which took Ethan aback and a few other guards that were there. 
=========================== 
Cane was having a headache after he ended the meeting with the five alphas and the king about the petition of merging the two packs. 
But of course, those five alphas were strongly against the idea. They didn’t like the prospect that their packs would be weaker than Cane’s two packs merged together and he couldn’t push further, since he couldn’t afford to agitate them yet. 
In the end, Cane went to the room where Iris was still lying unconscious.
###Chapter 40: DON’T FORGET ABOUT OUR SACRIFICES
Chapter 40: DON’T FORGET ABOUT OUR SACRIFICES
Cane went to the room that was connected to his chamber. It was a small room, where Aria would take a rest after their copulation, since he didn’t like anyone on his bed. 
This room was also one of the rooms where he got whipped and watched women in his pack being raped, while he could do nothing but watch helplessly. 
Gerald had never failed to remind him how helpless he was and how useless he was as an alpha when his people needed him the most. 
Cane used this room to remind him of those dark times, to fuel his anger for revenge and also for the betterment of his people, but the more he fed on his vengeful thoughts, the more he lost himself. 
His nightmares indeed helped him tremendously to remember those moments. 
However, recently, he didn’t get his nightmares, instead he dreamed of his life before the Howling Wolf pack succumbed to the slavery. Those dreams gave him comfort, but also bitterness. 
There was one dream about him and Leane, talking about their firstborn, while he hugged her from behind. He thought he had forgotten about all of that, but then the sweet memory still stayed etched in the back of his mind all this time. 
Cane closed his eyes and focused his attention on Iris, who was lying unconscious on the bed. He had been thinking about what happened that night when she came and why she was there in the first place. 
Cane walked closer to the bed and stared at the wound on her neck, and now with the help of Amee’s herbs, he could see his mark started to form on her tender skin and he despised the very look of it. 
It was not her fault, since he was the one, who put his mark on her when he was in that beast form, but then, to give your enemy’s daughter such a bond, he felt like Gerald mocked him again even from his grave. 
Probably because she had enough rest or maybe she could feel the hatred that emanated from Cane, Iris opened her eyes groggily and took in her surroundings. She felt the burning sensation on her neck, which made her grimace. 
But then, she saw those black eyes, so deep and unreadable, staring at her with a stoic expression. 
"Al- alpha..." her voice was so hoarse, it hurt her when she spoke. 
"I am your master, not your alpha." And after saying that, Cane walked out of the room, leaving her alone. Seeing that she survived the marking process, it seemed he would have another thing that he had to deal with, adding to his headache. 
Iris immediately lowered her head. She forgot about that. She looked dejected and was silent for a moment, before she took a look at her surroundings. Her head throbbed painfully. 
After a brief inspection, she knew where she was, but she couldn’t recall why she was here. Her mind was clouded and the pain on her neck distracted her. 
She was so thirsty and wanted some water to moisten her dry throat, as she forced herself to get out of bed, only to end up falling on the hard floor when her legs gave in. 
Her body was extremely weak and uncomfortable. She felt as if all of her energy had been sucked out of her body. 
"Oh, you should stay on the bed." Amee’s voice rang behind her, as she immediately helped Iris to get onto the bed again. 
"Water..." Iris managed to squeeze the word out of her aching throat. 
"Okay, I will get you a glass of water, you need to stay there." Amee then walked toward the table and poured a glass of water for her, as she held her upper body, so she wouldn’t choke. "Slowly, you need to drink slowly." 
Iris was so greedy to drink it all in one go, as if someone would snatch it from her. 
"Slowly, or you will choke yourself." Amee patted her arm as she said that to calm her down. 
And after gulping down two glasses of water, Iris felt slightly better, though the pain on her neck still made her uncomfortable. 
"Why am I here?" She asked in a small voice, as she laid back on the bed. It felt so comfortable. This bed was so soft and smelled so nice. It had been a long time since she could lay on a bed like this. 
"Don’t you remember?" Amee narrowed her eyes and there was sadness there when she looked at her.
As if the question opened the gate of memories, Iris started to remember what happened that night after the introduction. The painful howl, the monster and then when the creature shifted into... 
"I see you started to remember what happened that night..." Amee could see the realization dawning on Iris, as her body stiffened. 
"The monster..." she stammered, unable to find a word to explain it. 
"I know..." Amee nodded, making it easy for her. 
Iris raised her hand and touched her neck, it felt so painful... 
======================== 
"Why did you keep her in there? You can send her away. Why do you care about her so much!?" Aria couldn’t hold back her grievances. She had been patient enough for Cane to start torturing her, but now he kept her close to him?! In that room that was supposed to only belong to her?! She couldn’t accept that. 
"Aria, calm yourself," Cane said in a low voice. Aria had been giving him hell ever since she knew Iris ’started staying’ in the adjoined bedroom. 
"How can I calm myself?" Aria looked at him with teary eyes. "Have you forgotten what her father had done to you, to your people?" She took a step closer to Cane. "To me?" 
Aria hugged him, as she cried, she ignored how his body stiffened when she was so close to him. Cane hated it when someone touched him, but thankfully, he didn’t push her away. 
"Don’t forget about what happened to Venna, your twin siblings, Leane and all of the people that had sacrificed themselves for you."
###Chapter 41: I WILL ENDURE HELL IF IT’S FOR YOU
Chapter 41: I WILL ENDURE HELL IF IT’S FOR YOU
"Don’t forget what happened to Venna, your twin siblings, Leane and all of the people that had sacrificed themselves for you." Aria reminded him over and over again about the demise of the people that Cane loved and how it was all because of Iris’s father. 
Aria hugged him even tighter this time and didn’t want to let go even when Cane’s body stiffened, as he hated to be touched. All the touches that he knew in these past ten years disgusted him greatly. 
"Don’t forget about what I had to go through for you and what Ethan and Jace had to endure to keep you safe, what Gerald had done to us." Aria lifted her head and then looked at Cane with her teary eyes. "After what her father had done, how could you treat her so nicely?" 
Cane’s expression remained the same, as he listened to what she was saying, but he patted her back when she started crying in order to give her consolation. 
"You treat her so nicely, giving her a room and taking care of her. People have become agitated because you helped her and didn’t put her through the same misery like us!" Aria became emotional. "You even helped her to escape from the party. How could you do that to the daughter of the person that had given us hell for years? Have you forgotten about what happened?" 
"I have not forgotten what happened." Cane patted her back and let Aria rest her head on his chest, as he let her slide her hand under his clothes and tempt him. He could feel her hand against his chest. 
Aria made sure that he didn’t forget about it at all. This was their past, this was their revenge and he must not forget. 
"Do you remember that day at the mines? When you are not allowed to rest or given food or water. They literally wanted to starve you to death." Aria could see the memory return to Cane. "Do you remember that moment?" 
"I will never forget that." Cane’s cold demeanor disappeared, there was a little bit of warmth in his eyes when he stared at Aria’s face. 
"On the third day, under the scorching sun, you could barely move." Aria ran her hands down his belly and back to his chest again. "Do you remember what happened to little Venna? She is still not back to her right mind after what they had done to her. After what you have done to her." Aria took a deep breath, tears rolled down her cheeks. 
Cane’s body stiffened when he heard her mentioning Venna. That was a big scar that he would never forget. 
"She tried to kill you for a mistake you didn’t have a part in." 
Cane remembered that day clearly, like it just happened yesterday and it erased all the coldness in his eyes, replacing it with pain. 
"It was me, who bandaged your wounds, it was me and Amee, who told you to keep strong and not give up. I was there for you and I am always here beside you. We have gone through so much together, Cane. We have gone through hell together and that hell was given by Gerald!" 
This time Cane hugged her and Aria felt relieved, since it was not every day that he would let anyone so close to him like this. He despised close contact if it was not for his carnal needs, even so, he would always keep distance. 
And here, Cane started to reiterate those words that had been killing him inside; only if he was stronger, only if he could do something right, his people wouldn’t have had to suffer such agony. 
Gerald had died, Cane had killed him, but what he left him with, the helpless feeling that he inflicted on him would forever be there. Even after he took back his pack and was in the alpha position, the feeling didn’t go away, it would always hunt him down. 
"What happened to Venna is not your fault, Cane, never your fault." Aria knew how to aggravate him. She knew everything that could stir his anger, open his wounds all over again. She knew what words to say. 
She was the one who brought back the demons from his past, but then she would soothe him after she wounded him. 
Aria had this urge to kiss him. Even after three years of them being together, not even once, did he allow her to kiss him, nor would he do that himself. 
However, she couldn’t push Cane further than this, since she had already driven him to the edge. 
In the end, Aria unbuckled his leather pants and freed his phallus. She ran her fingers through the rough skin of it. 
The incessant scalding left horrible scars on his manhood and he could have died because of it, if it was not for his alpha’s blood that coursed through his veins. 
"I want you, Cane... I only want you. I will go through hell over and over again for you, because it is only you that I want." Aria looked at him pleadingly, as she lowered her head and took him deep inside her mouth, until he hit the back of her throat. 
Aria was kneeling in front of him, pleasuring him, soothing him. She gently ran her tongue on the coarse tissue of his phallus. 
She felt powerful whenever she took him like this, as she sucked him hard and he groaned. She loved to hear how she affected him. 
Cane held her head there, as he prodded her hips, for her to take him deeper. He wanted to forget everything and let this woman make him stop thinking. 
Cane groaned, his eyes became darker, as he stared at her. 
Aria used her hand to caress his butt, rubbing her fingers up and down. With a pop, she let out his phallus and sucked on her thumb instead, before she resumed her action and used her lubricated thumb to penetrate his arsehole. 
Cane let out a dangerous growl and started fucking her mouth roughly.
###Chapter 42: HIS MARK ON HER SKIN
Chapter 42: HIS MARK ON HER SKIN
Aria liked it when Cane allowed her to do this and she was glad to let him take pleasure from her body. 
Cane groaned and suddenly, he pulled away and lifted Aria up, as he tossed her onto the bed. He turned around her body and pushed the pillow under her stomach, so her arse would be up in the air. 
Cane sucked his thumb the same way Aria did and pushed it deeper into her hole, which made her shriek, but she adjusted to it quickly. From behind, Cane sneaked his hand to her breast and pulled on her nipple harder, as she cried in pain. 
But, it was not enough for Cane, he wanted her to hurt more, thus he thrust his finger deeper in her back and muffled her scream by covering her mouth and nose. He literally suffocated her, which made her whole body shudder from the lack of air. 
Aria couldn’t breathe, she thrashed her body and tried to push him away, but he didn’t budge, instead, Cane bit down on her shoulder. 
This time, he pulled out his thumb and thrusted deeper all of a sudden, which caused blood to drip from her hole. 
Aria felt lightheaded, the pain was too much and she could feel how distraught he was from how rough he was with her. He did her raw. 
There was certainly no relationship between them to begin with aside from this carnal desire. Cane had warned her, but she didn’t care. He had told her that she could die during their copulation, thus he tried his best to tone it down, but Aria always did the opposite and provoked him at every chance she got. 
Aria didn’t have any strength left as she couldn’t breathe, but before she could black out, Cane released his hand that covered her mouth and nose, instead he rubbed her clit and started fingering her. 
He didn’t give time for her to adjust when he thrust two fingers inside and now she felt so full. He did her from behind, but he used his fingers too at the same time. 
Aria found it hard to breathe, even though Cane was no longer covering her mouth and nose when her climax hit her hard. She was breathless when she screamed her release. Her body shuddered for a long time, the pleasure was so painful. 
But, Cane was not satisfied yet. He had not yet found his release and the longer it took, the more painful this was for both of them. 
Aria was half conscious when Cane pulled out and turned her body around, and now her sweaty back was pressed to the bed as she was facing the alpha now. 
He thrusted deep inside her, as she emitted a long, soft groan when he worked his way inside her. He pulled back and shoved all the way into her again, as he started to fuck her roughly as usual. His hands pressed her hips to the mattress, holding her captive to take his brutal thrusts. 
It didn’t take long for Aria to be on the very edge of her climax again, the pleasure washed over her. Cane literally drained her. 
When Aria tilted her head to look at Cane, her eyes caught Iris, who was standing stupefied behind the door that was slightly ajar and she smirked at her. 
From this position, Cane wouldn’t be able to see Iris, because he had his back to her and his whole focus was on the woman beneath him. 
On the other hand, Iris happened to go out of her bedroom just when they were fucking each other, while Aria was being so loud and made it clear what the alpha was doing to her. 
However, Iris couldn’t hear that, but she was sure that she was being loud. Her cheeks heated, she turned her head and stared at Amee, who was in the room along with her. 
She was mortified to witness such activity and how brutal the alpha was when he drew pleasure from his woman, but Amee didn’t seem bothered by that. She had gone through so much, heard too many noises and had seen enough. 
When you were a slave under Gerald’s mercy, this kind of noise was an everyday occurrence. At the very least, both of them consented to this, while in the slavery, they would wonder, whether their friends or family members would survive the sexual abuse that they were put through. 
However, Iris wasn’t used to that and it baffled her how ignorant Amee was to hear all that with a straight face. She didn’t even flinch or feel awkward. 
"Come here," Amee said and Iris saw her waving her hand for her to come over and she snapped out of her daze, as she went straight to her. "I will apply the ointment on your wound and rebandage it again, after that, you can take a rest here until the alpha tells you otherwise." 
Iris nodded, though she missed half of what she was saying, as her mind was so distracted by the image of the alpha and his mistress. He took her roughly, almost brutally. If it was her... 
Iris shuddered at the thought. Did he do that to her that night? 
She was sure that he was holding back at that time, because the intensity was so different when he took her, though it didn’t make it less painful for her, since it was her first time. 
"After I finish this, you need to take your medicine and get as much rest as you can." Amee applied the ointment and then brewed her some herbal tea. 
Taking a big gulp of her tea, which tasted so spicy, Iris felt better as sleepiness came over her. 
Iris didn’t know when Amee took her leave, but when she woke up again, it was already dark. Night had fallen and she was alone in this dark room. 
She pushed herself to sit down and held her head. The headache was not as bad as before, but she was aware of her predicament. She remembered clearly what she had seen that night and was sure that was something forbidden for her to know. Now, she feared for her life. 
Slowly, Iris got out of her bed and made her way out of this room, but she needed to go through the alpha’s bedroom first before she could get out to the hallway. 
Iris thought, since it was late at night, the alpha would have gone to sleep and she could sneak out of this room without him noticing it. 
But, she was so wrong about it, because there he was, sitting behind his table, holding a few documents in his hand, while his eyes were fixed on her. Probably he heard the creaking sound from the door and this attracted his attention. 
Iris lowered her head, she was not sure whether she must return back to the room or something, but then, from the corner of her eyes, she saw movement. The alpha called her over and she didn’t have any other choice, but to go to him. 
Slowly, she strode across the room and approached Cane. 
"Al... Master," Iris said in a low voice. She almost slipped and called him alpha when he made sure he was not the alpha for her. 
Cane stared at the auburn haired girl for a moment and this silence was so terrifying for Iris.
After that, he stood up and walked toward her, his hand stretched out and he pulled the bandage wrapped around her neck open. His eyes darkened when he saw her slender neck, where his mark on her skin was glaring back at him.
###Chapter 43: THE AMOUNT OF PAIN
Chapter 43: THE AMOUNT OF PAIN
Cane heard the creaking sound of the door and saw Iris staring at him with a complicated expression on her pale face. She lowered her head and fiddled with her fingers, not knowing what to do. 
For a moment, Cane just stared at her with a stoic expression. He still had not yet decided what he was going to do with her now that the situation became even more complicated than he intended it to be. 
This gave him another headache to kill his brain cells over. 
"Come here." Cane narrowed his eyes when he saw she didn’t move an inch and then remembered that she couldn’t hear him. He waved his hand to beckon her over. 
Iris saw the movement from the corner of her eyes and walked toward him slowly. She was mortified when the alpha raised his hand and wrapped his fingers around her neck, as his eyes darkened to see his mark on her skin. 
At this moment, Iris still did not realize about the mark on her. She thought she was bitten by the monster and the fact that she might be marked didn’t even cross her mind. 
However, Cane saw it and he was not happy at all to see his mark on her. His enemy’s daughter. Gerald’s laugh kept ringing in his head, sounding like he was mocking him all over again for marking his daughter. He would roll over in his grave, laughing over how stupid he was. 
"Ma- master..." Iris held his hand when his fingers tightened around her neck. He was trying to choke her and the realization made her panic, especially when she could see the hostility in his dark eyes. 
With his strength, he would be able to crush her neck easily. 
Iris gasped for air, but her airway was blocked and she started to claw at his hand, leaving marks there, but it healed within a second. He didn’t feel any pain from it. Not even in the slightest. 
And when Iris’s face turned red and the pain became more unbearable, as she thought she would die from strangulation, Cane finally let her go. 
Her legs became so weak, as she dropped to the floor, coughing fervently. 
Her neck was in pain and her ears kept ringing. She gulped the air greedily to fill her empty lungs, but then she coughed even harder. Her whole body was trembling in fear. 
Iris wanted to move away from him, yet she couldn’t bring herself to do so when she didn’t have strength to stand up or even carry herself away. 
She flinched and whimpered when Cane hunkered down in front of her. His eyes were still emotionless, watching her in pain. He waited until Iris stopped coughing. It took a long time for her to be able to breathe normally. 
Cane pinched her chin to tilt her head up, so she could see his face and read his lips, for he had a question to ask. "What were you doing in that hut?" 
That was not an unpredictable question, since Iris knew that he would ask about it sooner or later, but she doubted that he would accept her answer. 
"I- I heard a howl." 
Cane narrowed his eyes. "You can’t hear." 
Iris knew he wouldn’t believe that, because she didn’t believe it either. It had been years since the last time she heard anything, aside from her own voice in her mind. 
"But, I heard it." She insisted. She didn’t know what kind of lie that she could offer. So, it would be better if she told him the truth, since Cane looked like someone who would be able to sniff a lie from miles away. "I heard a howl and followed the sound of it." 
"Why?" 
Iris could understand why it was hard to believe her explanation, if she were in his shoes, she wouldn’t believe herself either. Why would she follow the sound of that howl? Normally, the first instinct that came to your mind was to run away from such an unknown howl. 
Howls like that must be coming from a beast and someone like her, a runt, who knew nothing about protecting herself, should seek for a shelter, not the other way around. 
Iris tried to explain herself the best way she could, but she knew it was not convincing enough for Cane. 
"Do you know what happened to you then?" Cane’s voice became so much darker now. 
Iris nodded. "Yes..." her voice was small. It was filled with dread when the events of that night rushed to her mind once again. She still remembered how she thought she would die when the monster pounced onto her and shifted back into its human form. 
"What have you seen?" 
Iris swallowed, but it hurt her throat tremendously. She felt like she was eating sand that grazed her gullet. 
"A... a monster, chained to the wall with silver chains and then..." She avoided his intense gaze when she spoke again. "I saw the monster shift into its human form before he bit me..." 
Her whole body was trembling when she remembered that moment. That was the most terrifying moment in her life, aside from when Mason whipped her when he was drunk. 
"And then? What else?" His voice was akin to glaciers. 
"The monster..." Iris lowered her head, she was so afraid to say this out loud. "The monster shifted into a man and it was you..." 
Iris could feel the tension building up once she let those words out. Would he hit her? Would he choke her to death like he did earlier? Would he kill her for knowing what was supposed to be a secret? 
Probably Cane would have done that if he didn’t accidentally mark her. He marked her without her consent. More so, he didn’t have control over what he was doing at that time. Her scent drove the monster crazy and her touch felt like fresh water that soothed his pain and he wanted more, because the pain wrecked him and it was unbearable. 
But, Cane didn’t mean for that to happen. 
However, he couldn’t kill her now of all times since the bond between them started to form already. This was a lost cause for him. 
"Was it you?" Iris wanted to make sure that her fear didn’t cloud her mind and she saw something that didn’t even exist. 
Iris raised her head and looked at him closely, she was sure that she could see a murderous intention flashing in the back of those dark eyes, as if his beast would come forward and rip her apart. She shuddered involuntarily and dropped her head, as she stuttered. 
"I- I promise I will not say anything about that night. I swear, I will not utter a single word." Iris shook her head. "I will do anything you tell me to do." Her throat was killing her and she was afraid, besides being unable to hear, she would soon be unable to speak. 
The pain from his strangulation was so severe, but she was afraid to show it, since she was in a position where she couldn’t upset the alpha even more than this. 
Once again, Cane put his finger under her chin and tilted her head up, so she could look at him. "Do you know what else happened that night?" 
Iris was confused with the question, as she searched in her memories about that dreadful night, but she couldn’t find anything aside from what she had told him. 
"I don’t know what else happened... I- I lost consciousness..." Iris was still visibly trembling, especially when Cane grabbed her hand all of a sudden and forced her to stand up, he dragged her to the other side of the room. 
The grip was so tight, she was sure that he would leave bruises on her wrist, but that was the least of her concerns, because things could go so bad for her, so much more than suffering a few bruises. 
But, Cane stopped and then made her stand in front of the mirror, as he pulled down her collar, which made Iris recoil out of instinct, but the alpha steadied her first and made her stand there firmly. 
Cane pulled aside her curly, auburn hair and made her look at her own reflection in the mirror. 
At first, Iris could only see a pale, skinny girl, with big blue eyes, which looked so big and out of proportion for her face staring back at her. Her auburn hair was messy, her curls made her head look so big. She didn’t see herself as a beauty and that was what her brother always told her. 
But then, her eyes trailed down to her neck, since Cane pulled her collar down to let her see what was there and Iris gasped. She was shocked to see a mark on her neck. 
She knew what a mark like this meant to shifters. She had seen it herself and how sacred a mark was, but how? How could she get this mark? And the realization dawned on her, which made her stagger back, but Cane held her, so she could face this reality. 
"Impossible..." Iris would have never thought that getting that bite from the monster would be a marking process. "How... how can this happen?" Iris turned her body around and then faced Cane. "Why?" 
Cane felt aggravated by the question, but it didn’t show on his expression. 
"I don’t want a single soul to know about this." His voice was so low and cold. It emanated danger. The tension was so heavy, it made Iris feel like he strangled her again. "Not a single soul will learn about this and what happened that night." 
Iris nodded. She knew that she had to clamp her mouth shut the moment she learned a secret that she shouldn’t know. 
"Say something about this and I will throw you to those savages, for them to take pleasure from you until your last breath." 
Iris felt her eyes sting with tears and fear. She nodded again and immediately covered her neck with her long, curly hair. She didn’t want to die in that way. That was a horrible way to meet your demise. 
There was one time in the past when she sneaked out of her room in the middle of the night and saw how her brother ordered ten savages to rape Will, Cane’s personal guard at present, and the image would never go away from her mind. 
She couldn’t hear Will let out endless earth- shattering screams, but she could feel it when he saw the anger and desperation in his eyes. 
They had freed themselves from the slavery, but no one would be able to recover fully from what happened, from the hell that they had gone through and that was understandable. What they had gone through was so severe, it was beyond your worst nightmare and it dragged on for years. 
People, who still stood strong and didn’t break during all those hellish days, would never be normal. 
"U- understood." Iris nodded, she tried to hold back her tears. Her brother always told her that she upset him more when she was crying, thus she didn’t want to do that. 
"Leave now." 
Cane didn’t want to see her. She gave him another trouble that he didn’t want to face. 
Meanwhile, reading that, Iris immediately rushed out of the bedroom. Her legs almost gave away, but she willed herself to be, at least, on the other side of the door before she broke down. She didn’t want Cane to change his mind and punish her later. 
On the other hand, after Cane heard the door being closed, he broke down. He fell to his knees and covered his face with both of his hands, his shoulders trembled. The realization that he had marked another girl wrecked him. It felt like an insult to Leane. To his destined mate. He felt horrible. 
More so, it was the girl that he was supposed to hate to death. 
There were no tears, he couldn’t cry, but the pain shook his whole body. This amount of pain suffocated him. 
He felt like he had betrayed his dead mate.
###Chapter 44: THERE IS A CURE
Chapter 44: THERE IS A CURE
Hanna was shocked to see a battered Iris walk into the bedroom in the middle of the night. She looked haggard, shaking like a leaf while her body was so cold. 
Hanna immediately jumped from her bed and approached Iris. Panic and concern filled her eyes. She had been trying to find her for the past few days and get any information about her whereabouts, but the only thing that she could gather was the fact that Iris was in the alpha’s bedroom, that was why the mistress looked so agitated, as if she would throw a punch at anyone, who made even a trivial mistake. 
But no one knew whether she was still alive or not. 
She was thinking of going to the alpha in the morning, but now she saw her dear missy standing at the door, hugging herself and looking so miserable. 
"Oh, my dear... where have you been?" Hanna immediately rushed toward Iris and hugged her close. 
Once Iris felt the warmth of Hanna’s arms around her, the only person that she knew wouldn’t put her in harm’s way, she broke down into tears in an instant. She felt exhausted, she had dragged her tired body to this room in fear that Cane would change his mind and throw her to those savages regardless. 
She was afraid for her life and what would happen to her. Her future was so bleak. 
"Hanna... Hanna..." Iris kept crying, bawling her eyes out, until her voice turned hoarse and her throat was in pain. Her ears kept ringing because of the strangulation and she was in so much pain, physically and mentally. 
"It’s okay my dear, it’s okay..." Hanna hugged her tighter to give her a sense of protection that she was not alone. She was not alone in this world and she would do whatever to keep her safe, though what she could do was very limited. 
They stayed like that until past midnight and Iris had slightly calmed down, probably because she was so tired after bawling her eyes out. Though she didn’t say anything about what had happened to her, what the alpha had done to her and why he confined her for days, Hanna knew better than to ask. 
"I will run a bath for you. A warm bath will help you to calm down better, okay?" Hanna said. 
Thankfully, this room had a small bathroom and a small bathtub inside, which was the only comfort that Hanna could offer to Iris. 
She nodded, thinking a warm bath would feel good, since she had not yet taken one for days. 
But then, when Hanna had prepared everything and even sprinkled flower petals that she could find in the garden, Iris remembered about the mark on her neck. 
"I- I want to bathe by myself," she said. "I want to be alone." 
At first, Hanna didn’t agree, but then when she saw how disturbed Iris looked and how she desperately wanted some alone time, she backed down. 
"I will be right here if you need anything, okay?" She cupped her face, making sure that she understood what she was saying. 
Iris nodded and then stepped back, as she closed the bathroom door. 
Once she was alone and was sure that Hanna wouldn’t come back into the bathroom, Iris slowly stripped off her dress and looked at her body. There was a blurry mirror in the bathroom, where she could see her mark closely and felt a lump forming in her throat. 
Around her neck, bruises started to form and it wouldn’t look good in the morning. If Hanna noticed this, she would make a fuss over it. 
Iris sighed, she felt so tired, as she walked toward the bathtub and dipped herself in the water. The tub was so small, she needed to fold her legs, but the warm water felt so nice against her skin. 
Iris looked at her arms and saw more bruises. The alpha indeed didn’t care to be gentle with her. Why would he? 
In the end, Iris stayed there until the water became cold and Hanna knocked on the door to check on her condition. 
========================== 
Iris got a fever after she returned, but Hanna found the healer again and asked her help. Even though she did it reluctantly, she helped her. 
Therefore, today, when Iris felt slightly better, she returned to the mines, despite Hanna telling her to take more rest. 
"No, I don’t want to be left alone in the room." She was mortified that the alpha would call her and punish her, though if he wanted to do that, working in the mines wouldn’t save her from him. 
Because of that very reason and how Hanna failed to make sure she stayed on the bed, here she was, under the scorching sun. 
Iris found one magic stone, which she hid under her belt. The alpha took her magic stone and the book, thus she couldn’t figure out anything yet, but she could still feel the magic stones that surrounded her. She could feel them and there were a lot. 
The more she spent her time in the mines, the more sensitive she was. This was also one of the reasons why she wanted to come back here. 
Easily, Iris found another stone and sneaked it into her belt again as she thought, two was enough. The next time she found the third one, she would hand it over and get herself a nice and warm meal. 
She intended to go to the library again tonight and wished that she wouldn’t find anyone having sex there. 
And that was what she did. 
After the sun set and she showed two magic stones to Stone, who looked at her, baffled, she got a warm meal and a little chunk of meat. 
"How can you find those magic stones?" Stone asked her in his gruff tone. He had worked in the mines before. As it wasn’t an everyday occurrence, he knew how hard it was to find a stone, let alone two in a day. 
His jaw probably would have dropped if he were to know that Iris actually found four, seven in total, since she started working on this site. 
"I don’t know. I just found it." Iris munched on her little meat and drank her warm soup, staring at him innocently. He obviously didn’t believe her. 
Later that night, after Iris made sure that Hanna had fallen asleep, she sneaked out of the bedroom and walked toward the library. She used to do this, even when her father was still the alpha, thus she was familiar with the best places to hide and how to avoid the patrolling guards. 
Once she was in the library, Iris knew which shelves that she should go to and found the book rather quickly than the last time she was here. 
Iris came to this place with two magic stones that she got that day and started to look for what kind of stones were those. 
However, when she perused the book, from the corner of her eyes, she caught a book title that made her stop reading as she lifted her head to look at that book closely. 
It was a book about ancient creatures. For some reason, Iris was intrigued and pulled it out from the shelf and started perusing it briefly. 
Her fingers stopped flipping the pages when she gasped to see the illustration of a lycan. The monster that she saw in the basement of the rickety hut. The monster that the alpha had shifted into. 
It was a lycan. A cursed shifter, who had performed dark magic. 
"Impossible..." Iris stared at the description of it, but she couldn’t find many things there, aside from a lycan was a shifter, who had broken the rule of nature and tried to use magic, which was a power that didn’t belong to them in the first place. 
Therefore, as punishment, they would turn into a lycan, the cursed shifter, every new moon. 
Iris lifted her head and tried to think what night that day and she gasped in shock. It was indeed a new moon. 
"Your curiosity knows no bounds." 
The book and two magic stones dropped to the floor at the sound of Cane’s voice that rang inside this quiet library. Iris didn’t know that she was not alone until he came into her peripheral vision. She blanched at the sight of him. 
Meanwhile, one of the magic stones rolled on the floor and stopped right under Cane’s shoes. He bent down to take it and inspected the magic stone. 
"You sneaked this out again." Cane’s dark eyes fell on Iris, as she took a step back, to put a distance between them. It was her instinct to be away from the alpha, because he emanated danger for her. 
"I found four today and I gave two to the slave trainer." 
"And you think it is justified for you to keep the other two?" 
Iris couldn’t answer that, but she couldn’t not look at him, just in case he was saying something and she missed it. She didn’t want to upset him after what happened. 
And before she answered the question, Cane picked the book from the ground and started to look through it. From the title alone, he knew what kind of book Iris was reading. 
"A lycan." Cane picked the second magic stone and then put the book on the table, as he was only a step away from Iris. She couldn’t take another step back because her back was already pressing against the bookshelf. "What have you learned?" 
Iris cleared her throat and answered his question honestly based on what she had read earlier. 
"It was a lycan. The monster that I saw was a lycan. Did you perform dark magic?" she asked gingerly. This time, she looked him in the eyes, so she would be able to see his reaction, but his expression remained unreadable. 
Cane closed the distance between them again, until he was only a hair’s breadth away from her, as he stared down at her neck, which was covered by her curly hair. She had let loose her hair in order to cover her neck, since none of the dresses she owned had a high collar. 
He brushed away her hair to see his mark on her and she flinched when the tips of his fingers grazed her skin. He could also see the bruises on her neck from when he tried to strangle her. 
The mark was so glaring now that the skin had healed from the biting. He glared at it with so much hostility, but then when he blinked his eyes, it disappeared, his expression returned to being stoic. 
"Have you told anyone about this?" 
Iris immediately shook her head. "Not even Hanna saw the mark."
Cane said nothing, he dropped the two magic stones into her hand and then walked away from her, leaving her inside the library alone. 
Iris was not sure whether she had to follow him or not, but seeing the magic stones in her hand that he handed over again to her, she took it as him not minding her keeping them. After all, he took her magic stone last time. 
And so, Iris spent many hours inside the library, perusing the books with no one bothering her. She ended up learning a few interesting things about magic stones and was fascinated by it. 
But then, the most interesting part was when she found a book about the lycans and everything that entailed the curse. How to deal with the curse and how to help a shifter when the new moon came. 
She was not sure whether Cane knew about this or not, but she wanted to let him know if she had a chance. 
Especially the part where the curse for the lycan could be lifted by a Serafim. It was the title for a woman, who held a great divine power, but such a person lived on a different continent. 
"Did the alpha know about this? The curse can be cured..."
###Chapter 45: THEY WERE OUT OF OPTION
Chapter 45: THEY WERE OUT OF OPTION
"Did the alpha know about this? The curse can be cured..." Iris muttered to herself, as she held the book close to her chest, thinking of how to tell him about this. 
Serafim came to this continent fifteen years ago, for the royal wedding of the king and the queen. At that time, King Aeon and Queen Della were only the crown prince and the crown princess. 
Their succession to the throne had left bad blood within the royal family, but fortunately, Cane’s mother was left out of it, because she stayed away from the capital and followed her mate back to the Howling Wolf pack. 
She didn’t give any indication that she wanted to be crowned as the heir. That was why she was the only half sibling that survived, but it was no longer the case now, since Alpha Gerald killed her along with her husband. 
Iris learned about all of this from her teacher when she was ten years old and she remembered how proud he was when he explained to a ten years old little girl the gory scene that was the death of Cane’s parents. He told her in detail, despite Iris having tears in her eyes, not wanting to know about that. He made sure she read his lips and knew what he was talking about. 
Iris wanted to read more, but then she would have spent a lot of time in this library and she needed to get some sleep before she went to work in the mines the next day. 
But then, she realized that she was attracting unwanted attention by finding these magic stones easily, so she wouldn’t find any stones tomorrow, which meant, there would be no warm meal for her. 
She was not sure whether she had to hide this fact or not. 
======================== 
"The queen said that the king is planning to put one of his people in charge of the Blue Moon pack and he has gotten the five alphas to approve the same," Aderan reported this information to his alpha. 
Today would be the last day of their meeting and the king would announce his decision about the fate of the Blue Moon pack, as he was against the idea of merging the two packs together, since it would make Cane the alpha of two packs. The other five alphas supported the king’s decision. 
"What should we do?" Aderan asked in a concerned voice. They would be damned to let those wicked people from the Blue Moon pack that had been involved in torturing them to be free and taste their freedom again. 
Most of the people in the Howling Wolf pack demanded Cane to kill them all if things had come to that. Why would the king meddle in their business when he turned a blind eye while they were enslaved for a decade? 
The king didn’t have any right to get involved. 
Cane shared the same sentiment. His uncle shouldn’t have bothered to come all the way to the Blue Moon pack, he should have sat quietly on his throne. 
"What about the messengers?" Cane turned his head to talk to Will, who was walking on his left side. 
"They were supposed to arrive this noon, five of them had returned, but two messengers were still on their way here," Will reported the situation and Cane only nodded. 
They didn’t slow down their steps toward the strategy room, where they held the meeting. The five alphas had been waiting for him. The king would arrive last. 
Once Cane stepped into the room, he saw the alphas were sitting on their respective seats, while their betas and gammas stood a step behind their alphas. 
The tension was so thick, as they awaited the final decision that would seal the fate of the Blue Moon pack. They would fight tooth and nail for this pack to not be merged with Howling Wolf pack, because aside from all the benefits that Cane would get, he would monopolize the mines all by himself if that happened. 
Jace and Ethan immediately approached Cane and stood behind him when he sat down on his seat. The room was so quiet, it was so different from the day of the introduction a week ago. 
[Ask Will to find Iris and bring her here on my order.] Cane mind linked the beta. 
Gerald had done something to Cane in his slavery days, which severed the mind link between the members of the Howling Wolf pack. 
He forced them all to drink poison, which cut the ties between one another, to weaken their unity, but only recently Cane managed to mend the severed bonds, but it was only with his beta and gamma, and they couldn’t use it if they were more than three steps away from each other. 
Jace immediately walked toward the door and talked to Will about what the alpha had ordered him to do. 
"Why should we get that girl?" Will frowned so hard. He thought this matter had nothing to do with her. 
"Just do what you are told," Jace said and then patted his back. "Go." 
Will didn’t have any other choice and left the premises to go to the mines, where Iris would be at this hour. 
Not long after that, the king arrived and the final discussion about the fate of the Blue Moon pack would be decided now. 
========================= 
Not too far from Iris, Will was standing with his arms folded in front of his chest, staring at her with a stoic expression. People tended to look at her this way if they were not directing a hostile gaze at her, thus she was used to this. 
"You need to come with me," Will said, once Iris looked at him. "Now." He added when Iris didn’t move. 
"Where to?" Iris asked, she stood up and dusted her dirty dress off the debris. 
"This is the alpha’s order," Will replied. 
That was enough reason for Iris to stop asking about anything. If this was the alpha’s order, then she couldn’t afford to make him wait for long. She was afraid that he would show his temper. 
Iris finally went with Will and as usual, she had to half run to keep up with his long legs, as he walked so fast. She almost felt like there was something chasing them. 
But, this was his normal gait, most of the shifters walked like this and if anyone had to be blamed, it was Iris, for having short legs. 
=========================== 
"Me, as the judge of this ordeal, will make the decision based on the majority of votes and all the alphas have agreed to this." King Aeon started his speech. "Based on the majority of votes, we agreed not to merge the two packs together and I will restore Mason’s status as the alpha of the pack." 
Ethan and Jace were seething when they heard that, they were visibly upset with that declaration, but Cane looked so calm as ever. 
"Mason can’t be the alpha of the pack," Cane said calmly, as he leaned his back against his seat and stared at the king. He didn’t taunt him by calling him ’my uncle’ again, because it was not wise to aggravate him in this situation. 
No matter what, he was still the king. 
"He still has a lot to learn about leadership, yes, but he is the alpha’s son. The title will be passed down to him." The king looked at Cane smugly, knowing that he couldn’t retaliate and this was a basic rule for shifters like them. They didn’t really have a say in it. 
However, Cane shook his head and then told Jace to do something. The beta walked out of the room and returned with Aderan, who dragged Mason into the room, to join this meeting. 
Cane was aware that there would be a slight possibility that he would win this case, therefore, he had a backup plan or two at his disposal. 
"Outrageous! Why did you bring him to this meeting?!" Alpha Gill stood up and glared at Cane to see a naked Mason being dragged into the center of their attention. He was gagged, unable to speak, with both of his hands tied behind his back while chains limited his leg movements. 
"Calm down!" The king was furious. He pounded his fist on the table. He glared at alpha Gill until he yielded and sat down again, after that he shifted his displeasure toward Cane. "What is the meaning of this?" 
"I brought him here just in case all of you have forgotten that he is not qualified to be an alpha." Cane stood up and walked toward Mason. His eyes flared with anger, but Cane didn’t care, he received that anger gladly, since he was having the upper hand this time. He could have him killed if he wanted to. 
"Restore his status and he will get his people to help him maintain the pack!" Alpha James from Bloody Wolf pack shouted. "He was a prisoner, yes, but the king has restored his status, you should treat him with respect!" 
"No. The decision has not been made yet." Cane then kicked Mason, so he would roll over and show his private part. "I think all of you forgot about this tiny little fact." 
All of them glared at Mason, who was so exposed for them to see, but none of them talked, thus Cane broke the silence. 
"He has been castrated. There is no way for him to produce an heir." Cane looked at all of them one by one, as the realization dawned on them and they started to understand where this was going. 
For the alpha, even though you were a first born, if you couldn’t produce an heir, then it would be the end of your reign. 
"That’s your fault to have him castrated!" 
"He can adopt and raise an heir to be his own!" 
Yet, no matter what excuses that they threw at Cane, they knew they were baseless and the king couldn’t disagree with Cane. 
That was the importance of an heir. 
"You should be punished for castrating the heir to the alpha title!" Alpha Gian from Silver River pack, was outraged. 
"Punish me?" Cane tilted his head and directed his hatred toward the alpha, who immediately clamped his mouth shut. "He is a war prisoner. There is a rule that the conqueror can do whatever to their war prisoners and even now, he is still a war prisoner, until the king says otherwise." 
But then, for the king to say otherwise was not easy, because there was another rule that he had to consider. 
And moreover, that was the same excuse that those alphas and the king used a decade ago when Cane asked for help when he and his people were enslaved and were treated no different from dirt. 
Even though Cane didn’t say it out loud, they knew that they couldn’t dispute this, since it would project them in a bad light for their previous actions. 
"He can’t produce a child, he can’t be an option anymore." Cane had erased that option straightaway. 
"You can just remind us of this, you don’t need to present him naked like that." The king narrowed his eyes to see Mason’s condition. He met him once when he went to the capital. He was a bright, cunning and wicked child, but right now, he was nothing but a sorry creature. 
Cane said nothing against that statement. He knew that he could remind them about this, but then where would be the fun in it? Weren’t they always looking for something fun? 
How funny it was when they laughed at Mason as he was being humiliated in the welcoming party, but right now they wanted him to be the alpha because they feared the power that Cane would hold? 
"In this case, we need..." Alpha Gill was about to offer a solution, but Cane didn’t allow him to talk. 
"He is not the only child that Alpha Gerald has." Cane looked at Jace and he nodded before walking away from the room. 
The beta and gamma started to realize what Cane had planned and they didn’t know how to feel about this. 
This was not a good idea, but they were out of options.
###Chapter 46: THE SOLUTION AND THE DEMAND
Chapter 46: THE SOLUTION AND THE DEMAND
The king watched everything play out before his eyes, but he said nothing. This was the first time for him to meet with his nephew and he thought, after years of slavery, he would be easy to deal with, since Gerald would have broken him physically and mentally. 
And yet, here he was, being so cunning with him. He turned the tables around and used the rules against the king himself. 
The fact that they had castrated Mason, which rendered him unable to produce an heir, was something that he couldn’t refute, since the law said that one couldn’t be the alpha without having the ability to ensure his line of succession. 
Moreover, King Aeon couldn’t punish Cane, since he made use of a different law, which said that he was allowed to do anything to the war prisoners, including killing them. The king used the same law to refuse to help the Howling Wolf pack in time of their need before. 
"In this case, we need..." Alpha Gill was about to offer a solution, but Cane didn’t allow him to talk. 
"He is not the only child that Alpha Gerald has." Cane looked at Jace and he nodded before walking away from the room. 
Not long after, Will entered the room with Iris. He looked a little bit confused with the whole situation, thus when he was not ordered to go out, he stayed there to see how the whole thing unfolded. 
"Alpha Gerald has a daughter." Cane glanced at Iris, who was trying to stay away from her brother, even though at this time Mason wouldn’t be able to do anything in his current condition. But the fear that had been instilled in her couldn’t be shaken off easily. "Based on our law, if the first heir is not capable of carrying the legacy, then the responsibility will be carried by the next child." 
The five alphas gasped in shock when the realization finally dawned on them. Their eyes widened, while the king remained expressionless. If anything, he stared at Cane sharply, yet the alpha didn’t falter at all with his intention. 
Meanwhile, Aderan and Will, who finally caught up with their alpha’s plan, were flabbergasted. They both stared at the beta and the gamma, trying to find out whether this was the alpha’s plan all along, yet they seemed to be as speechless as they were. 
"What do you mean!?" Alpha James pounded his fist against the table, as he stood up, enraged. 
"You want to place her as the luna?! A woman can’t lead a pack!" Alpha Gian was furious as well. He didn’t want to be on the same level as a woman, for him, a woman existed only to satisfy a man’s needs. 
It was unheard of for a woman to lead a pack. 
"You are crazy if you think a woman like her can lead a pack!" Alpha Gill was still miffed about the fact that Iris managed to run away in the middle of the welcoming party, when her status was still a slave, because they were distracted by Mason. 
Iris flinched to hear how they were snarling at Cane. She wanted to step back, but Mason was lying naked behind her. While in front of her, the five alphas looked like they would snap her neck in two once they were given a chance. 
On the other hand, the four men behind Cane, gritted their teeth and hardened their jaws to contain their anger. They wanted to attack them all for screaming at their alpha. 
They were still not sure whether it was right to let Iris rise in ranks. There could be a backlash from their own people for this, but despite all of that, their unity was so strong. They would fight anyone that wanted to harm one of them, especially Cane. 
Their alpha had done everything, including the unimaginable things for them to break free from the slavery. They had gone through hell together and they would never leave anyone behind. 
"She is your slave! You are the one who made her a slave!" Alpha Darrian from Crystal Moon pack pointed this fact out. 
"Right! A slave can’t rise in rank, unless she is your mate!" Alpha Gill agreed with his fellow alpha. 
"Yes, she is," Cane replied calmly. 
Jace and Ethan immediately knew what Cane would do after this and how he would assure them about Iris being his mate. 
This was by no means intentional, but Cane seemed to be making the most of it. 
"She is my chosen mate." Cane emphasized this, which sent waves of shock among them. 
They thought this last day of decision making would be as easy as taking a walk in the garden, as Cane didn’t have anything to go against the decision and argue with them. Alas, they were so wrong about it. 
"You can’t choose her as your mate randomly without a second thought just because you don’t want to give up the Blue Moon pack." This time, it was the king, who was talking, he stood up from his seat, which made alpha James sit down. 
All of them were fuming, even the people from the Howling Wolf pack were livid, it was only Cane, who remained calm and Iris, who fretted by how tense the situation was, while Mason was not able to say or do anything. He cursed Cane and his sister. She was so useless, but his enemy found a good use of her. 
If he knew it would turn out like this, Mason would have killed Iris a long time ago. What a useless creature! She put him in misery, since she gave Cane a weapon to go against the king’s decision. 
"I didn’t choose her randomly. I have given some thought about it." Cane lied smoothly. There was no way he wanted his enemy’s daughter to be the luna of his pack. Not in his wildest dreams. 
"Don’t lie to the king!" Alpha James snapped and this made Ethan growl at him. "What is that?!" Alpha James’s sharp eyes found the gamma, as he glared at him sharply. 
"Take him out," Jace told Will to get Ethan out of the room, since it wouldn’t be in their best interest if he wreaked havoc now. 
Ever since enduring torture in the slavery, he developed anger issues and he would become unrestrained once he was let loose. 
Will knew about that and immediately escorted Ethan out of the room. Fortunately, he obliged without making so much as a fuss. 
"I am not lying," Cane said, as he grabbed Iris’s hand and pulled her in front of him, to make all of them see her and also in order to distract their attention from Ethan, just in case they wanted to find fault in that. "I have marked her." 
Cane pulled down Iris’s collar and showed his mark on her neck. He tilted her head, so his mark was on full display for them to see. 
Silence fell over the room, the tension was so thick, you could feel it in the air. 
Meanwhile, Iris made an attempt to free herself from Cane’s grip, since she didn’t like the way they stared at her, at the mark on her neck as it made her uncomfortable, but Cane didn’t allow her, he held her firmly. 
The alpha showed his mark for a little bit longer, just to rub this fact in their faces. 
The mark had fully healed, while it would take around a week for that to show. Cane had marked her a week prior, thus their accusation of him marking her out of the blue couldn’t hold the ground. 
"She is the luna of the pack now, which means, her pack will also be under my responsibility as her mate." Cane finally let Iris go, as she shrunk back and stood behind him. 
Mason screamed something, but it was hard to understand, since he was gagged. 
Right at that time, Will returned to the room and whispered something into the alpha’s ear, which made Cane smile even more. 
Even though he was smiling, it didn’t reach his eyes at all. His eyes were empty, cold even, they were devoid of any emotions. 
"Just because there are only five alphas that came to this meeting, it doesn’t mean the rest of the five alphas’ opinions don’t matter." Cane looked at them one by one. 
They must know that the other five alphas couldn’t come due to the condition of their packs and the fact they were far away from here, it would take them more than a week to reach Blue Moon pack. 
Therefore, only these five alphas, who lived nearby the area, as these five were in the south of the kingdom, who would always be frequented by alpha Gerald and do their dirty deeds ever so often. 
After saying that, five men entered the room, they looked worn out, as if they had gone through a long journey. They were still in their traveling gear while their cloaks were covered in dust and dirt. 
"They are here to deliver the message from the other five alphas." Cane stepped aside to let them say what the messages were. 
Iris moved along with him, as she unconsciously took a shelter behind Cane’s back. The alpha glanced at her briefly and saw her staring at her shoes. She was not comfortable with this whole ordeal. 
"This is the message from Alpha Derick of the Celestial Moon pack..." 
And the messengers were reading the messages that they brought one by one. In conclusion, the other five alphas did agree with Cane’s idea to take over Blue Moon pack, especially when they knew Mason was no longer able to produce an heir, though they said nothing about Iris. 
"The outcome of the voting is five against five." Cane looked at the king, while the five messengers resigned themselves from the room. 
"I don’t want chaos in my kingdom," king Aeon said through his gritted teeth. He thought it would be an easy decision to make, but Cane made it more and more difficult. He didn’t want to lose face in this meeting. 
"I didn’t wish for that to happen either, my king," Cane said soothingly. "But the voting is even and if you disregard the other five alphas’ opinion, I am afraid this will cause a disruption in our kingdom." 
"Are you trying to threaten me?" King Aeon narrowed his eyes at Cane, but the alpha tactfully lowered his head a bit, to show his submission. He couldn’t push him more than this, or else the king would take an impulsive decision feeling his ego was hurt. 
And just like what Cane thought, the king was rather pleased to see him showing a little bit of respect and submission to him. 
"I will not dare to do that." Cane lowered his head, but his eyes remained defiant. "I have a solution and I think this will be the best outcome for all of us. After all, I have chosen her as my mate, all of you had seen the mark on her neck. She bears my mark." 
King Aeon sat down again, his eyes hard on Cane, but the alpha simply kept his head low to make him unable to see his eyes, which gave satisfaction to the king as well, since this made him feel like he still had the upper hand on Cane. 
"Fine." King Aeon nodded. "Do as you wish. She is your luna and now the Blue Moon pack will fall into your responsibility." 
The other five alphas didn’t look satisfied with this solution, but they kept it to themselves, since the king was talking right now. 
"Since the new alpha and the luna have to be blessed in the capital, I want to know when you will go to the capital and have the ceremony." King Aeon widened his eyes. "Since the problem here is an heir, I will give you two years to prove to me that she is able to give you a child. If after two years, you are still without a child, we will discuss this matter again."
###Chapter 47: THE FURIOUS MISTRESS
Chapter 47: THE FURIOUS MISTRESS
This was a tradition that every alpha and luna had to go through in order to claim their positions in the pack. They needed to go to the temple in the capital city, where they would have to pray for them to have a blessing from the moon goddess and write their names on the sacred stone as the new rulers for their pack. 
"And one more thing." The king looked at Iris, who was half hiding herself behind Cane. The alpha’s large and tall body practically hid her well. "Since the problem here is an heir, I will give you two years to prove to me that she is able to give you a child. If after two years, you are still without a child, we will discuss this matter again."
Hearing that, Cane raised his head and met the king in the eyes. There was a flash of emotion in those dark eyes, but it lasted only for a brief second, because after that, they returned to being emotionless. 
"Yes, I will make sure to bring our child." The words ’our child’ left a bitter taste in his mouth. 
Behind him, Jace had a troubled expression. He didn’t know how the alpha would come up with a child later when the time came. 
"So, when will you have the blessing ceremony in the capital temple?" The king asked casually, which made the tension slightly dissipate from this room. He leaned his back against his seat. 
"Since we still have a lot of things to be taken care of here, as I will be in charge of the Blue Moon pack too, we will visit the capital within six months." Cane had to rearrange some things and he had to move the pack house to the former pack house in the Howling Wolf pack. He didn’t intend to stay in this pack house for long. 
Cane had not yet found a time to go back to his pack. 
"Four months," King Aeon said. "I want you to have the blessing ceremony within four months. This is something that you can’t delay for long and you know that." 
Cane looked at the king for a while and then nodded. "Four months." 
"I hope to see a grand nephew in two years." 
=========================== 
Grace was a healer from the Howling Wolf pack. Because of her position, she didn’t get the brunt of the slavery, as she worked with the other healers in the Blue Moon pack, but it didn’t mean she had never been harmed, since she would help her people and would be caught in the act on her unlucky days. 
Grace was only eighteen when the pack went into slavery, but during the ten years following she learned a lot and became one of the best healers in the Blue Moon pack. Alpha Gerald ordered to kill all the healers in the Howling Wolf pack, except for her, because she was so young. 
"There is no hope, alpha," Grace said sadly, she looked at Cane with sadness in her eyes and Cane hated it when people gave that pitiful look to him. "You are sterile. What happened years ago has destroyed your nerves and made you sterile." 
Grace didn’t want to explain this thing again to Cane, but when she heard how the last meeting went and what the king demanded from the alpha in two years, she knew that Cane would call her over. 
She was right and here she was, having this difficult conversation with Cane again. This would be the second time they had this discussion. The first time she informed him about this, Cane chose to act as if the conversation never happened. 
No one could blame him for that, just like the others, she knew how important an heir for an alpha was and just like how Cane had annulled Mason’s claim from the alpha’s title because he was no longer able to produce an heir, the same accusation could be directed at him. 
"What about the herbs?" Cane asked. His emotions dripped into his voice. He rested his head on the backrest of his chair, his eyes tightly shut. 
There were just the two of them inside the bedroom and Cane had ordered them not to be disturbed. 
Grace tried to find the right words to say, but then there was nothing she could find to make the situation a little bit better for the alpha. He was the last person in his bloodline and if he couldn’t produce an heir, it meant the bloodline would die with him. 
The burden of knowing that was something that weighed Cane down and mortified him more than anything. The alpha’s blood line from the Howling Wolf pack would die with him, as the last alpha. 
"I will try to concoct something for you." Grace knew that she was offering an empty promise, so did the alpha. 
"How about the chances?" Cane opened his eyes and he stared straight into Grace’s eyes. "Tell me the truth." 
"It is close to impossible," Grace replied and she felt sorry for him. She lowered her head and then a crazy thing crossed her mind. "But alpha, if the herbs can’t help, what about with magic? Such as a magic power?" 
Magic power and healing power were two different things, probably there was still hope if they could find a great sorcerer. 
Cane looked at Grace. "Do you really think it can help?" 
"We need to try." Grace couldn’t give him a firm answer, but at the very least, they didn’t meet the dead end. "It will be great if we can get the help of a divine power." 
"A divine power only belongs to Serafim," Cane stated in a matter of fact. 
A Serafim lived in a different continent, in a holy kingdom, which not anyone could enter. The possibility of him meeting with her would be close to none. 
"Find a sorcerer that can help with this matter." Cane felt humiliated, even when he talked to Grace, one of his trusted people. He felt his ego and pride was hurt so bad. 
This humiliation was not the last thing that alpha Gerald had left him with. Not to mention now he raised his daughter in her rank to be his luna. The nefarious alpha would roll in his grave, laughing. 
========================== 
"Arrgghhh!" Aria was screaming furiously in her room, she was furious beyond words when she knew what transpired in the last meeting today. 
She thought the worst thing that could possibly happen was; they would lose their control over the Blue Moon pack, but then she learned something even more horrible. 
"What do you mean that slave will be the luna of the pack!?" Aria freaked out when she heard this from Dalia. Bian was standing not too far from them. She was silent, afraid to see how Aria was smashing things around. 
"That’s what they said... the alpha managed to keep the Blue Moon pack under his control, but it is under the pretext that he will take the former alpha’s daughter as his luna." Dalia explained what she had heard. 
"There is no way the alpha will do that!" Aria was hyperventilating. She threw another flower vase, which shattered into a hundred pieces when it collided against the wall. "There is no way Cane will do something like that!" 
Aria threw things, until there was nothing that she could throw and now her room was a mess. 
Meanwhile, Bian was standing silently at the corner and Dalia stood beside her. She knew that her friend was so triggered, since she would tremble in fear at the smallest act of violence and Aria did exactly what she feared. 
"What else?! What else did you hear?!" Aria directed her angry eyes at Dalia and Bian. Blood dripped from her hand because the sharp shards grazed her skin, but the wounds healed immediately. 
"I- I heard..." Dalia looked complicated when she wanted to say this, she knew it would throw Aria over the top. 
"WHAT!?" 
"I heard the alpha has marked her..." Dalia stuttered and just as she thought, Aria was furious beyond words. She stormed out of the room, her eyes were red because of how angry and hurt she was. 
How could Cane betray them by taking Iris to his side?! 
However, when Aria went to the alpha’s chamber, her presence was not granted entrance. 
"What? Do you know who I am?!" She was so furious, she could barely contain her anger. 
"This is the alpha’s direct order, I can’t let you go inside," one of the guards said. He knew that Aria was an important person for the alpha, but the order was so clear and she knew there was nothing she could do to force her way in. "There is someone there?" 
"Yes." 
Aria was seeing red now. "Who? The slave?!" 
The guards knew who Aria meant by the slave, it must be Iris. "No. It is the healer, Grace." 
Aria slightly calmed down when she heard it was just Grace, anyone was better than that slave, but then it was so rare for Cane to call for Grace. "Why is she there?" 
"We don’t know about that." 
Of course, they wouldn’t know if it was related to the alpha’s well being, as his health would be top secret. Mere guards like them wouldn’t be privileged enough to know something so important. 
After that, Aria went away. She headed toward the slave quarters. 
========================= 
Iris was having trouble falling asleep after the whole ordeal that she had to go through this morning and afternoon. 
"Is it true?" Hanna looked at Iris, as her eyes fixed on her neck, but she could barely see her mark because her curly hair covered it. "Can I see it?" 
She heard all those rumors about Alpha Cane taking her as his chosen mate and that he had marked her a week prior to this. 
Hanna could imagine when that happened. It must be when the alpha had taken Iris for days and kept her with him. But, why did he mark her? Didn’t he hate her? Did he forget that Iris was Alpha Gerald’s daughter? The same alpha that had forced them into slavery? 
Slowly, Iris pushed her hair away and showed Hanna her neck, so she could see the mark on it. 
"Heavens!" Hanna gasped, she covered her mouth when she saw the mark. Were all of those rumors true? Iris would be the luna of the pack, so they could keep their control over the Blue Moon pack? 
This mustn’t be about revenge alone, for Alpha Cane to insist on keeping Blue Moon pack, their natural resources were good and having two large packs under you was a great deal. 
"Miss Iris..." Hanna looked at Iris, she started tearing up when she saw her sobbing. "Oh, my missy..." Hanna stretched out her hands and pulled her closer to her, she hugged her missy lovingly, as she cried in her arms. "How are you feeling?" 
Iris didn’t answer that, her vision was blurry with tears and she was barely able to form a word. She was afraid. They knew what the king said. 
She needed to produce an heir for the alpha within two years. How could they do that when Cane hated her so much? He would definitely despise the child that came from her. 
However, their moment got interrupted when Aria barged into the room. Hanna jolted when she heard the sound of the door slamming so hard, while the mistress looked livid. 
Iris raised her head because she felt Hanna flinch and found Aria standing in the doorway. She was not alone. She came with two guards and said something so fast, which Iris couldn’t comprehend, because her tears obscured her vision. 
But then, Hanna shouted at her and the two guards came forward to take Iris away. 
"No! You can’t take her away! No!" Hanna tried to pull Iris back, but the two guards only shook their heads sadly.
###Chapter 48: SHE WILL DIE
Chapter 48: SHE WILL DIE
The two guards, who dragged Iris away from the bedroom, looked at Hanna with sympathy. 
"I am sorry, Hanna, but there is nothing we can do. This is the mistress’s order," Ale, one of the guards, said. He looked sorry, as he blocked Hanna from trying to prevent them from taking Iris away, while his friend dragged her out of the bedroom, as per Aria’s instructions. 
"No! No! You can’t do this to her!" Hanna freaked out to see that Ale wouldn’t budge and wouldn’t allow her to come with them. 
"You will not like the sight that you will see," Ale said, in his attempt to make Hanna back down, but she became even more panicked to hear such horrifying words from his mouth. And it was hard to block her without hurting her at this point. Therefore, he let her go, but she didn’t know where they had taken Iris. "Where did they go?! Where did they go?!" 
Hanna literally shook Ale’s body roughly, because she couldn’t calm herself down, especially when the guard refused to speak. 
Anger took over her when she raised her hand and slapped him so hard, which surprised the guard and he widened his eyes in surprise, but there was nothing he could do when he saw how Hanna glared at him viciously. 
"I will never forgive you if something happened to her!" 
After saying that, Hanna stormed out. She tried to think of where Aria would take Iris. She was afraid that she would kill her. She wouldn’t be surprised if she did. 
Hanna remembered how Mason used to whip Iris in the past and she would cry out in pain. 
She was a runt, being whipped like that could kill her. There was also a time when Mason almost killed her because she didn’t stop bleeding and ever since then, her condition became worse, she got sick easily and too often. 
Only then, alpha Gerald told his son to stop and direct his anger at his slaves rather than his sister. 
============================= 
Aria actually took Iris to the bailey, the place where the warriors and guards lived. This was the part of the pack house that Iris had never visited before. 
This place was built by stones and looked rowdy, especially with so many warriors there. Their figures alone were already intimidating for Iris, as they towered above her. 
"What are you doing here, Miss Aria?" 
"Why did you bring Gerald’s daughter here?" 
"Why is she here?" 
Some of the warriors greeted Aria politely, but most of them would furrow their brows upon seeing Iris. What the hell was she doing here? The mere sight of this runt alone had already made their anger hit sky high. They didn’t want to see this woman near them, it could be a bad sign for them. 
Thankfully, the result of the meeting this morning had not yet been announced and aside from a few people that were involved in that meeting and a handful of the pack members, nobody knew about the fact that Iris was their luna now and how their alpha had marked her. 
But, it wouldn’t be a secret any longer, because Aria intended to stir their wrath and end Iris’ worthless life. She was blinded by rage and jealousy! She had been with the alpha for years! But Cane chose this woman to be his luna! 
Out of all women, he chose her! 
Aria kept walking toward the center of the Bailey, at this point, all the curious guards and warriors gathered around, waiting for Aria’s explanation and why Iris was here. 
They looked at each other, baffled. 
Once Aria reached the center of the Bailey, where she took the higher platform and ordered the guards to make Iris kneel down before her feet, she looked at all the warriors around her with sharp eyes. 
Great! All of them were here! They could have a taste of her! They could get their revenge on her! 
"Listen!" Aria spoke loudly. She held eye contact with everyone present. At least, there were around a hundred warriors here and they paid close attention to her. 
Even though Aria was surrounded by warriors, who were stronger and way more dominant than her, she didn’t falter. She knew what to do with men. If there was one thing that she learned during her days as a slave in the Blue Moon pack, it was; she was used to being surrounded by men and knew how to handle them. 
"You must know who this woman is!" Aria asked a rhetorical question, as she shot Iris a disdainful look and kicked the side of her body, so she stumbled to the ground. 
The guard kept holding her down, thus she couldn’t dodge it. 
"You must know what her father and brother had done to our people! To our pack!" Aria halted, she let her words sink in, letting them relive the memories of the past. 
She wanted them to remember the pain, agony, injustice, and also the torture for a decade that they had to go through. How they watched their families, mates, friends, children, all the people that were dear to them, die one by one at the hands of alpha Gerald and Mason. 
"Can you forget about all of that?!" Aria roared, she could see that her words started to take effect on these warriors. "Those innocent lives that they had taken away from us!" 
Iris glanced at Aria with so much difficulty, to read all the things that she said. She was not only reminding them about her father and brother’s cruelty, but also fanned the flames of hatred from them. 
She was trembling in fear when she watched how infuriated these warriors were, they threw dagger looks at her, as if they were going to rip her apart. 
"And you know what?! This bitch! She seduced the alpha and made him mark her!" This time, Aria stepped forward and pulled her hair so hard, Iris screamed in pain, as she tore her dress apart and tilted her head, so everyone could see the mark on her neck. "This is the mark of the alpha! She seduced him to be his luna!" 
A wave of shock spread through the warriors when they saw the mark. They didn’t believe it, thus they moved forward to see it more clearly. 
This time, Aria pushed Iris down from the higher platform and let them see her mark for themselves, so they would know that she didn’t lie and the mark was real. 
It didn’t take long before they confirmed that the mark was legit and after that, they were enraged. The alpha had marked her and the mark had healed, which meant he had done it at least a week before! 
"How dare you to seduce the alpha!" 
"You bitch!" 
"You should have died along with your father!" 
"Go die!" 
They were too riled up to think clearly, anger had blinded them and all they could hear was Aria’s voice, reiterating about the agony that they tried to bury deep in their hearts, trying to leave it on the backs of their minds. 
But right now, the old wounds were reopened and the bitterness returned like a strong wave. 
"We need to help the alpha!" Aria shouted again. "The alpha will not be able to kill his own mate! But, if she died, it is not our alpha’s responsibility! It will not weigh over his conscience!" 
They were stunned to hear that, because at first, they couldn’t kill Iris since the alpha ordered them not to, but more so now, when she was his mate. 
Yet, the more they heard what Aria said, the more they realized it would help free their alpha from his guilty conscience. Who would want to have Iris as his mate? Who would want to have her as the luna?! 
Meanwhile, Aria shot the guard that came with her a meaningful look, as he sprang to his feet and started speaking. 
"Why don’t we give her a taste of what her father had done to us?" He rushed toward the crowd and tore Iris’ dress. 
"No! Don’t touch me!" Iris screamed, she bent her body to cover her chest. 
============================== 
Hanna rushed toward the dungeon, the backyard, the kitchen, the halls or anywhere that she could think of, but she still couldn’t find Iris or Aria. 
Hanna asked around if there was someone who saw Iris or Aria, but no one could give her the answer. They didn’t have any idea. Hanna even asked Dalia and Bian, but both of them feigned ignorance. 
In the end, she could only ask for help from one person... Hanna immediately rushed toward the alpha’s chamber and met with the two guards there. 
"Can I see the alpha? I promise it will not take long. This is an urgent matter," Hanna begged them. She was a mess, as she cried so hard. 
Both guards looked regretful. "I am sorry, Hanna, but the alpha said he didn’t want to be disturbed. Healer Grace just left and she said to let him rest." 
"No, this is very important." Hanna shook her head. "I need to talk to him." 
"We can’t do that, Hanna. You can come back tomorrow." 
Tomorrow? Iris would be a corpse by then if she had to wait until tomorrow! 
Because Hanna thought there was no way she could talk to the alpha directly, she started to pound her small fists against the door, which made the two guards grow alarmed. One of them immediately held both of her hands, so she would stop pounding the door. 
But, it didn’t mean Hanna couldn’t shout. "Please, alpha, please save my missy, the mistress took her away! Please alpha! ALPHA CANE!." Hanna tried so hard not to cry, because she needed to make the alpha hear her voice clearly. "ALPHA CANE, PLEASE SAVE HER!" 
Hanna fought the two guards that tried to stop her, she was so close to shifting into her beast, which meant, she would fight them if she had to and she didn’t care if she would be punished after that. 
She couldn’t give up now when Iris’ life was in danger. She didn’t know what Aria would do to her, but for sure, it wouldn’t be something good. 
========================= 
Queen Della met with Aderan again for one last time, since they would be separated tomorrow. They met in the same library as before, but this time, Aderan came first and made sure there was no one there. 
He didn’t want to be caught twice by Iris. 
"Aderan..." Queen Della immediately rushed toward him and kissed him passionately. She started to grind her body against him, but he only chuckled and didn’t do anything, which she took as him teasing her. 
"How’s your day?" Aderan started, he caressed her back and kissed her neck. The sight of the king’s mark on her neck upset him, but he didn’t want to be bothered by that now. 
But still, in response, he kissed her more aggressively and pulled her nipple harder, which made her cry his name out and chuckle because she knew why he had this sudden attitude. 
In return, Della slipped her hand inside his pants and started to rub him. She flicked the tip of his phallus and he hissed in her ear. He was unable to control himself. 
"It is annoying," Della confessed, as she moaned when Aderan took her nipple into his mouth. "Aeon took three slaves into our bedroom, I will stay in a different bedroom. I don’t want to lay on the same bed as the slaves." 
Aderan released her nipple with a pop. "I am a slave." He pointed out, but then queen Della stopped him from kissing her collarbone and cupped his face between her palms. 
"You are my mate. My destined mate. Don’t ever say that," she warned him. 
"I really want to put my mark on you..." Aderan sighed deeply, knowing he couldn’t do that. 
It was a bitter situation for both of them.
###Chapter 49: DO YOU REALLY THINK THE ALPHA CAN BE SEDUCED EASILY?
Chapter 49: DO YOU REALLY THINK THE ALPHA CAN BE SEDUCED EASILY?
Aderan met with the queen the day his slavery started, which meant the king was also in the Blue Moon pack when alpha Gerald turned them into slaves. 
It was not clear what the king’s role was in this whole ordeal, but he was not innocent in any of this, as he chose to turn a blind eye to their misery. 
Only after more than ten years could Aderan meet with queen Della again. They thought the spark would no longer be there, but as it seemed, the bond that had not actually gotten a chance to grow was still there. 
With one look, both of them knew they wanted the same thing, but it was a little bit complicated for Aderan, because he was the alpha’s personal guard before he was the mate of the queen. 
The mark on her neck was something that kept reminding him that she was not the woman for him, yet he had not gotten a chance to break it off, or rather he didn’t want to. It would be fine if they met occasionally in secret like this. 
However, there was no way for both of them to commit to this relationship. 
As for Aderan, he only told the alpha about this, right after the first time he realized that the queen was his mate, since they had to keep this as a secret, or else both of them would be in so much trouble. They could lose their heads for this. 
"Aderan..." queen Della moaned, as she could feel her climax was so close. Her body trembled when she felt him move inside of her. He was going so deep and the force of his thrusts was really rough. 
Usually, she didn’t like it when the king took pleasure from her in such a way, but she didn’t mind it when Aderan did it to her. She wanted this pain so badly, so she could forget all of her heartache and misery that she had to endure in this life. 
This would be the last night they could be together and she didn’t want this night to end. She wanted to be in Aderan’s arms, she wanted to be with her destined mate. 
The palace was so cold, while the king had dozens of slaves and more than ten mistresses that he kept in the palace. 
Even though she was the highest ranking woman in this continent, the luxuries and respect that she got felt so superficial. Her heart gradually grew cold. 
That was why she hated it when she saw Aria. She was a mistress and from what she learned, she was a lowborn, which meant she wouldn’t be the luna and one day, to whoever would become the luna, the mistress would be a thorn in her relationship. 
It didn’t take long before Della found her release and Aderan followed after. Both of them were panting and he kissed her temple. 
"Are you okay?" He checked on her, because she was crying. "Did I hurt you?" 
The question only brought more tears to Della’s eyes. The king had never treated her this gently. After he was done with her and got the pleasure that he wanted, he would leave right after, not even bothering to ask how she was. 
"I am fine." Della nodded, her voice was hoarse. 
"Why are you crying?" Aderan was concerned. He looked her in the eyes, she looked so beautiful. Too young for the king, who was twice her age. 
"I want to be with you," Della said, trembling. She sobbed now, as she hugged him closely. They laid down on the long wooden table, which was big enough for both of them. 
Aderan held her so close to him and caressed her back. "I know. I want to be with you too." He kissed her hair again. 
Hearing that Della raised her head and then looked at him. "Take me. Take me away from here. We can run away and go to a different continent. No one will be able to find us." It was an impulsive suggestion, both of them knew that. 
Moreover, Cane would be in trouble if the queen disappeared when she was in the pack under his responsibility and Aderan couldn’t do that to his alpha. 
"Sst... don’t cry, we will think about what we can do." Aderan pulled down her dress to cover her thighs and legs. 
In the end, in this quiet library, there was only Della’s soft whimpers that they could hear. Fortunately, no one would come to this place in the middle of the night, aside from Iris, of course, but it seemed she didn’t visit this library that often. 
"Was the king not in a good mood? Why did he bring slaves to your shared bedroom?" Aderan asked casually, as he played with Della’s black, long hair, while she rested her head on his chest. 
"Of course, he was upset. Your alpha turned the tables around and he didn’t like the outcome. Actually, I like it when I saw he was so distraught, but then he brought his four slaves and started to fuck them." 
Aderan growled in a low voice. There was nothing he could do about that situation and it gave him frustration. He would really love to kill that old king if he was given a chance. 
"He wanted to rule the Blue Moon pack because it has the mines, but because by law the mines belong to the Howling Wolf pack and Blue Moon pack, which are now under the responsibility of Alpha Cane, he was furious." 
Aderan listened attentively, there would be something important that Della would let out in her whining and he was right. 
"That’s why he planted someone to spy on your pack instead." 
"What?" Aderan shifted his body and then looked Della straight in her eyes. "What do you mean by that?" 
Della was startled when she knew that she had slipped up, blurting out something important. 
"My queen..." Aderan coaxed her. 
"That title belongs to the woman of the king. I want you to call me Della." 
Aderan smiled and tested the name on his tongue. "Della." He leaned over and kissed her gently. 
======================== 
Iris screamed when the guard tore the front of her dress, she immediately covered her body with both of her hands, as she knelt down. Tears streamed down her cheeks. 
This was not the first time for her to be stripped naked in front of so many people. She remembered how alpha James had done the same thing. He had even touched her intimately, which was something that she found very repulsive. 
"Go away!" Iris cried, trying to shun these warriors away from her, as they surrounded her closely and she was only an arm’s length from them. 
"What are you waiting for?!" Aria shouted, as she provoked them again. "Do it! Let her feel the pain that our dead friends and family members had to endure! Let her have a painful death!" 
Hearing what Aria said and with anger driving their minds, they started to pull her dress away from her body, exposing her milky skin, which made their animal instinct come alive. 
"What a beauty..." Most of them murmured to see how the auburn haired young woman trembled in fear. They touched her soft skin and didn’t believe there was someone with skin as soft as her. 
However, they abruptly stopped when they saw the scars on her back. They gasped loudly and backed away when their eyes fell on Iris’ ghastly scars. 
It was not just two or three, but her back was littered with old scars. From the looks of it, it was because someone whipped her so hard. 
Realizing what they were staring at, Iris immediately covered her back with her hair. Her eyes were bloodshot because of fear and tears. "Get away from me! Get away from me!" 
On the other hand, Aria didn’t know what happened and why they stopped all of a sudden. She swiftly got down from her high platform and rushed toward Iris, but before she could find out what was going on, someone had reached Iris first. 
He took off the cloak that he was wearing and then covered her body. 
"Miss Aria, what are you doing?" Stone asked Aria, as he stood in front of her. "If she is really the alpha’s mate, why do you want to kill her and cause the alpha pain?" 
Aria was furious. She didn’t believe Stone stepped forward and took her side. "Because I am his mistress!" 
What was going on?! Why did Stone stand for her? 
"If Alpha Cane marked her, don’t you think that he has his own reasons for doing so?" Stone didn’t budge, while the other warriors stepped back. They were shocked to see Iris’ scars and wondered how she could get them. 
"She seduced him!" Aria screamed at the top of her lungs, her face turned red because of how angry she was right now. Traitor! 
"Do you really believe that someone like Alpha Cane can be seduced so easily until he marks her?" Stone didn’t mean to stand up for Iris. He was just trying to think logically, which made the other warriors realize it too. 
However, before the commotion could escalate someone announced the alpha’s arrival. All of them parted to give way for him. 
Aria’s face turned pale when she heard that. 
Meanwhile, all of the guards and warriors lowered their heads in the presence of the alpha. Behind him, Hanna and his personal guard, Will, followed closely. 
"Al- alpha..." Aria stuttered when she saw him, but he walked past her. She didn’t think that he would find him here. She didn’t even think that he would be here at all. 
Cane’s eyes fixed on Iris’ body, while behind him, Hanna was so tensed to see her missy’s condition, but she didn’t dare to approach her without the permission from the alpha. 
"Al- alpha..." Aria tried again, she wanted to explain the situation here, but Cane didn’t even spare her a glance. 
"Take her away," Cane said rigidly and Hanna immediately rushed toward Iris and helped her stand up. 
"Are you, okay? Are you hurt somewhere?" Hanna was so worried about her. But from the looks of it, they had not yet done anything to hurt her. She only looked shocked. 
"Cane!" Aria was furious. She had been so mad about the fact that Cane marked Iris and raised her rank to be the luna, but now he wanted to take her away and pretend that she didn’t exist?! 
"I will talk to you later." Cane didn’t raise his voice, he didn’t sound angry or upset, but then it was difficult to read the alpha’s emotions. You couldn’t know for sure, since he was a man that could kill you without even batting an eye at all. 
"But..." Aria wanted to retort, but Stone grabbed her arm, silently warning her to stop. 
The mistress was blinded by her jealousy and anger, which was understandable, but the problem that Cane faced went way deeper than getting their revenge, since he needed to protect their people and prevent them from falling into slavery again. 
Aria didn’t understand that, nor did she want to understand that. The only thing in her mind was; Iris had taken her man from her. The man that she would give up everything for, even her morale. She had done everything for him and now she had to stay put, while Cane was being taken away right under her nose?! 
She wouldn’t let that happen. 
"A lot of things happened today. Calm yourself down," Stone warned her again sternly. 
Aria balled her fists until her nails stabbed her palms, she didn’t want to hear such measly comfort, her chest was burning, she felt like she was on fire when she watched Cane’s retreating back, as he walked away with Hanna and Will. 
She couldn’t describe what she felt right now, but her heart was so stifled. She felt like she started to lose Cane and this scared her. 
They should be together, right? But, why did he care more about his enemy’s daughter?
###Chapter 50: YOU HAVE SO MANY SCARS
Chapter 50: YOU HAVE SO MANY SCARS
Iris didn’t suffer any serious injuries, aside from her scraped knee that was bleeding, because Aria pushed her to the ground. Hanna was more than capable of taking care of the wound. 
However, Iris had been very quiet. She didn’t say anything and clutched her dress tightly. 
"I will return the cloak to Stone later after I wash it, okay?" Hanna tried to coax her to speak, but Iris didn’t say anything. She closed her eyes, seemingly fell asleep, but her tensed shoulders told her that she was wide awake.
But around midnight, Iris fell unconscious, she got a fever again and because tomorrow she needed to be with Cane to send off the king and the five alphas, Grace was called over to take a look at her. 
Meanwhile, the rumors out there started to circulate, they talked about how the alpha had taken Iris as his luna and how he had marked her. 
At first, Cane didn’t want anyone to know that Iris had been marked. He didn’t even have a plan to use her that way at all and was still trying to figure out a better way to announce it to the people. 
But now, rumors about it had spread and people were talking about how Iris bore his mark. There was nothing to hide anymore. 
Yet, it was either that, or him losing the Blue Moon pack. The resources of this pack were too great to let them fall into the king’s hands and the hatred was too deep to let those people be free. 
Grace had learned what had happened and reluctantly looked after her, because it was not about Iris alone. If something happened to her now, the whole pack would be implicated and their pack would be in a more vulnerable state because they didn’t have the footing to hold onto Blue Moon pack. 
The Howling Wolf pack was not in a good condition and they needed to fund everything that had been destroyed and to make the economy of the pack run smoothly again. 
"Do you want me to heal her scars too?" Grace frowned when she saw the scars on Iris’ back. From the looks of it, none were new scars, but how could she get those scars to begin with? 
Hanna was wiping Iris’ body, so she could sleep comfortably when Cane and Grace entered the room and she didn’t have enough time to dress her missy up, which left her bare back fully exposed. 
"Yes, do it," Cane replied. It made no difference to him whether her scars were fully healed or not. She was still Iris Lane, there was no change in that fact. 
Grace let Hanna wipe Iris’ body down and only then she used her healing magic to heal the scars, yet she realized something was wrong. She frowned deeply and put down her hand to see that her scars did not heal at all. 
"Why?" Grace muttered under her breath when she couldn’t heal the scars. They should have been healed by now, but the scars were still there. 
Cane stared at Iris’ back and knew why Grace was at a loss for words. The healer tried again and the result was still the same. She couldn’t heal the scars. 
"How could this happen?" 
At first, Hanna was too distracted to make her missy more comfortable, but then she realized the healer was being stunned and what the reason for her reaction was. 
"Oh, I forgot to tell you that Missy’s body is resistant to healing power," Hanna explained, as she wiped Iris’ face with a warm towel. 
"What do you mean she is resistant?" Grace couldn’t accept that logic. 
"Her scars can’t be healed by magic." 
"Why?" 
"I don’t know." Hanna shook her head and then told her and the alpha that in the past, how Iris was severely injured, but the most that the healing magic could do was to stop her bleeding, as for her recovery, she needed to use herbs. Her body didn’t respond to some healing power. "Here, she still has the scar when she cut her finger when she touched a sharp shard of glass." 
Hanna raised Iris’ hand and on her left palm, there was a scar, which was only an inch long. 
"Is she resistant to silver too?" Cane couldn’t help but ask Hanna, since she knew a lot about this runt. This thought just came to his mind. 
"Resistant to silver?" Hanna blinked her eyes, she tried to think about it. "I don’t know about that, because Miss Iris has never encountered silver before." 
Both Hanna and Grace looked at each other, since they didn’t know why the alpha asked that. 
"Why do you think her body is resistant to healing power?" Cane asked Grace. The more he knew about this runt, the more questions that he had. 
"I am not sure about that," Grace muttered, she didn’t like it when she didn’t have the answer for a question that was directed at her. "Probably because she was born as a runt, so her body is built differently." 
That could explain that, even the crossbreeds would have been hurt by silver and as far as Cane knew, both Iris’ parents were shifters, even though she was born as a runt. 
"Take care of her, I want her to be able to see the king and the alphas before they set off tomorrow," Cane said and then walked out of the room, without waiting for the reply. 
"Tomorrow?" Hanna was mortified. "Don’t you think that she needs to rest? She will not wake up tomorrow." 
"I can make her wake up tomorrow," Grace said easily. She could make her wake up, but it didn’t mean the process would be free of pain. 
Hanna’s tears streamed down her face again to think her missy would be in so much pain if they woke her up tomorrow. 
========================== 
The first thing that Iris felt when she opened her eyes was how sore her throat was, the pain made her groan and unable to fall back asleep. 
She looked around her and it was still night. She was on a comfortable bed, inside a room that she was familiar with. 
Iris remembered almost immediately about what happened, the humiliation that she got and how she screamed for them to stop tearing her dress apart, especially when they saw her scars. It was so rare for a shifter to have scars and Iris was ashamed of hers. 
She remembered how those warriors looked at her with disdain and how they judged her. Those eyes were so scary. She didn’t want to see them again. It reminded her of what Mason had done to her. The way her brother looked at her was the same as them. 
And when she could no longer endure it, she simply shut down. Her body and feelings turned numbed. 
Iris whimpered, she wanted to drink something, her dried throat was killing her, the pain made her miserable and the fact that she couldn’t move made her feel even more helpless. Her vision was blurry. 
Iris cried, she wanted to die. There was no point in being alive when it was only pain, rejection and emptiness that she got. She was at her lowest point and the darkness in this room only added to her dark thoughts about ending everything. 
But then, a beam of light came from the door as someone entered the room. Iris couldn’t see who that was, but that person put down the candles on the table near the bed and then walked over to her. 
Iris was still crying and tears obscured her vision, she didn’t know who that was, even though this person sat down on the edge of the bed and made it dip with his weight. 
Iris blinked her eyes and watched Cane stretch out his hand, which made her flinch, she thought he would hurt her again. She didn’t want to be hurt anymore. She didn’t want to be ridiculed and looked down on again. She was afraid. 
But then, Cane’s cold finger brushed her hair and wiped her tears away. 
"What do you want?" Cane asked when he made sure Iris looked his way, so she could know what he was asking. 
"W- water..." she said with difficulty. 
Cane came here because he wanted to check on her, just in case she couldn’t come with him to send off those alphas and the king. In that case, he had to make sure that her fever had subsided. 
Once he entered the room, he heard her whimpering voice and since he couldn’t sleep, as usual, there was no harm in him coming to see what she needed. 
However, it became a problem when she was too weak to sit down on her own and needed his assistance to drink her water. In that case, Cane had to let her lean against him. 
Cane didn’t like to make any physical contact and for him to let Iris lean on him like this, as he cradled her body carefully, it was a big deal for him. 
He waited for the repulsion to set in, but to his surprise, he didn’t feel that way. Her body felt so right in his arms, which put him on alert, since this was not right. 
Thus, Cane focused on helping her drink the water. He brought the glass closer to her lips and slightly tilted her head so she could drink from it. 
Iris drank the water greedily, she almost choked, but Cane stopped her before he continued again after he warned her to drink slowly. 
"You need to drink this as well," Cane said, as he picked up a different glass from the table. It was the herbs that Grace had concocted for her, just in case she had woken up in the middle of the night. She needed to drink this concoction as much as she could, because it would help in reducing her fever. 
She needed to be able to get up tomorrow. 
However, the bitter taste of the concoction made her cough so hard, while the taste of it shot to her nose, she couldn’t help but cry. 
"I- it is so bitter..." Iris whimpered. 
"You need to finish this, so you can heal quickly," Cane said, as he brought the glass closer to her lips once again, after she had slightly calmed down. 
"N- no." Iris shook her head, seeing how Cane wanted her to drink that bitter medicine again. "I don’t want it." 
But, Cane tilted her head and made her drink it sip by sip. He was exceptionally patient with her tonight. 
Probably because she was in a lot of pain, thus he had this little sympathy that left in his cold heart or maybe because the night brought out the weakest part of you. 
The bitterness of the concoction made her feel awful and fortunately, Cane gave her honey water to neutralize the strong taste. 
After that, he let her lie down on the bed again. Her hair was tied up on top of her head by Hanna, so it wouldn’t stick to her skin when she sweated. 
"C- can you stay here, please?" Iris grabbed Cane’s sleeve when he was about to leave. "I am afraid." 
The medicine must have kicked in by now, as she felt drowsy, but it was not enough to put her to sleep, she was only a little muddleheaded. 
Cane stared at Iris’ blue eyes. He could swat her hand away, but he didn’t do that. 
"I am afraid of the dark." Iris didn’t know why she told him about this, as if he cared whether she was afraid of the dark or not, but she kept talking, she was afraid that she would be left alone. "My brother would lock me in the attic when I am being a bad sister." 
Cane finally sat down and listened to her ramble, it seemed she didn’t even realize what she was talking about. 
"Why do you have scars?" All of a sudden, Iris changed the topic, as she looked Cane in the eyes. She was still clutching onto his sleeves.
###Chapter 51: I WILL ESCORT YOU TO THE ALPHA
Chapter 51: I WILL ESCORT YOU TO THE ALPHA
"Why do you have scars?" All of a sudden, Iris changed the topic, as she looked Cane in the eyes. She was still clutching onto his sleeves. 
"Your father gave them to me," Cane replied bluntly. 
"They must be so painful." 
"They are." 
"Will the scars heal?" 
"I don’t think so." 
The night indeed made you vulnerable and let you say things out loud that you would never admit when it was bright. The obscurity softened your heart. 
"Too bad. You have a warm soul." Iris frowned slightly when she read what he said. 
"I no longer have a soul." He had sold his soul in exchange for the freedom of his people. There was nothing left of it anymore. 
"Yes, you do. You have the warmest soul, but you are in so much pain." Iris blinked her eyes, it seemed it wouldn’t take long before her sleepiness took over. "Your beast is in pain. You have so many scars." 
Truthfully speaking, Iris had more scars than Cane, since the only scar that he had was on his face, while the other injuries had healed completely. 
"The only scars that I have are on my face." 
However, Iris shook her head meekly. "I am not talking about your face. I am talking about your soul. Too bad, you are in so much pain... what my father and brother had done to you must have been painful..." 
And after that, Iris closed her eyes and fell asleep. 
========================== 
The next morning came and Iris found Hanna beside her. She was trying to wake her up, but in the mildest way possible, which made it hard to tell whether she was trying to shake her body to wake her up, or she was simply caressing her back. 
"You need to wake up, miss Iris," Hanna said softly, she looked almost apologetic when she spoke. "You need to get ready now." 
Iris was still trying to gather her composure, as she looked at Hanna and didn’t know what she was talking about. Why did she need to get ready? Did she read it wrongly? 
But then, as if Hanna understood her puzzlement, she started to explain it to her. 
"Alpha Cane wants you to go with him to see the king and the alphas before they leave." Hanna then picked up a glass of herbs from the table and made her drink the bitter medicine. 
"I know that it must be painful and uncomfortable for you, but you have to toughen up." Hanna wiped her eyes. What choice did they have? 
She was in tears to see her missy being hurt again. She was still a little bit feverish right now, but she could go see them off if she exerted some effort. 
And after that, Hanna explained a few things to Iris to keep her from falling back asleep. She told her that the alpha allowed her to enter her former bedroom and take one of her pretty dresses for her to wear later. 
Thus, Hanna chose her favorite yellow dress, which she loved the most. 
"You must miss your dress. You rarely wear the dress because you thought it was so pretty, now I will make you look even prettier, okay?" Hanna looked cheerful, since she wanted to brighten up her mood. "Do you feel better now?" 
"Yes." Iris was exceptionally quiet, she didn’t look like herself at all. 
"Great!" 
The healer seemed to go extra miles under the order of the alpha, unlike when she treated Iris before, helping just enough to keep her alive, she didn’t even use her healing power at that time. 
"Come, I will help you to get dressed and then comb your hair. You need to put on some makeup too and then you will look perfect!" 
This was one thing that Hanna loved to do. 
Iris got off the bed slowly, as Hanna led her to sit down in front of a mirror before she started working on her. 
======================= 
The king called for alpha Cane as he was set out to leave this afternoon. He asked him to stroll with him around the lake that he saw two days ago. 
Cane came and both of them walked alone, away from people, as their personal guards stood a little bit faraway, so there would be no way they could hear their conversation from such a distance. 
This place was beautiful with a huge lake and packed with trees on the other side of it, while the velvety grass looked so green. 
"I heard there was an attack of the monsters in Goffa mountain around a week ago?" King Aeon spoke to break the silence between them, since Cane was not much of a talker. 
"Yes. But there is nothing to be worried about. That’s something common to happen in the mining area," Cane replied lightly. 
However, his mind wandered to the past, to the things that happened near this lake a few years ago. The things that alpha Gerald had done to him. 
One night, during his fourth year of slavery, alpha Gerald told him to shift into his beast and drugged him, which left him paralyzed. He stayed in his beast form, but couldn’t do anything. 
He couldn’t attack him because he held Jace, Amee and Ethan hostage, as he told him that he would cut their throats if he did something that would threaten his life. 
Alpha Gerald’s men had knives pressed to their throats. It only needed a simple mistake on his part and those people would die. 
In the end, alpha Gerald kept drugging him in his beast form and let him stay in this exact lake area for a few days. Cane was not sure what happened, but Jace and Ethan managed to make a deal with the alpha and made him stop drugging him. 
When Cane woke up, he was already in the infirmary, Amee was by his side, crying for him. 
Later, Cane learned that Jace and Ethan agreed to kill someone in order to make Alpha Gerald stop drugging him, because he was going to die if he kept doing that. His beast could be affected as well, as he stayed in his beast form for so long. 
Alpha Gerald knew how to use people. He would target Cane, since people around him would offer themselves willingly for him to show some mercy on their alpha. 
That fact was funny to alpha Gerald, also all the more reason for him to find crueler methods to make the most out of it. 
"What are you going to do with the warriors of the Blue Moon pack? You know that they don’t want to pledge their loyalty to you," king Aeon said. "Do you need my warriors to help stabilize the situation?" 
"You don’t need to bother. I can handle it." Letting the king get involved in any form or shape would be utterly foolish of him. He would rally his people at the right time. 
King Aeon looked at Cane, but he couldn’t read what was in his mind right now. 
And after that, he talked casually about the children that he would have later, which was a sour spot for him. 
"I will love to be your children’s godfather," King Aeon guffawed. "One of my mistresses is pregnant and I think she will give birth during your visit with your new luna, you shall stay back and see the baby." 
"I will be honored." The answer that Cane gave to him was curt, but polite, so he couldn’t find any fault in it. 
"You need to find more mistresses, since you are the last heir of the Howling Wolf pack," King Aeon said sagely. 
Usually, people in high rank or from privileged families would have at least five to eight mistresses, while they had a house full of slaves that they liked, a number of whom could reach thirty to forty.
"I am saying this, just in case something happens to you." King Aeon patted Cane’s back. 
"I will keep that in mind." Cane didn’t falter. He looked like the lake, the surface of which was so calm, but you wouldn’t know what kind of monsters that resided at the bottom of it. 
========================== 
"See? You look so beautiful!" Hanna said cheerfully after she was done with Iris. 
Even though she didn’t look very healthy, her complexion was better with the makeup that Hanna put on her. 
The yellow dress felt so good on her skin, especially after wearing those cheap and rough fabrics, it felt heavenly. 
Iris didn’t know that having beautiful and nice dresses was such a blessing until now. 
Yes, her life was not great, but at the very least, she had a beautiful bedroom, a comfortable bed and so many nice dresses. They never starved her either. 
Excluding the fact that her brother would punish her by whipping her or locking her up in the attic and also not allow her to go out of her bedroom to meet people, her life was not that miserable. 
"You have grown up into a beautiful lady. I really hope your life will be filled with joy and happiness." Hanna teared up again to see the young girl that she cared for since she was little, and now had grown up into a beautiful woman. 
The color of her dress enhanced the color of her auburn hair. Right now, she looked dazzling with her red hair gleaming under the sun. 
Not long after that, someone knocked on the door. It was Will. 
"The entourage will leave soon, you need to come with me to meet the alpha and see them off," Will said from behind the door. "Are you ready?" 
It was Hanna, who replied to Will that they would come out now. She tapped Iris’ shoulder and told her it was time for her to leave. 
Both of them walked out of the room and Will was slightly taken aback to see Iris. She looked beautiful in that dress and more so when Hanna did a little magic with her curly, auburn hair, which didn’t look unkempt anymore. Since it was hard to take care of this type of hair, Iris would look like she had a nest on her head every time she didn’t tie her hair neatly, which was also the appearance that she went for recently to cover the mark on her neck. 
"I will escort you," Will said and with that, Hanna needed to stay behind, while Iris walked with Will by her side. 
And as usual, he didn’t slow down to keep up with her, which forced Iris to half run to catch up with him. 
"Can you slow down, please?" Iris grabbed his arm to stop him from walking away, she didn’t want to step on her dress and fall on her face. 
Will frowned, but he saw Iris was panting to be able to follow his pace. Her face was bright red. Though he was grumbling something that Iris couldn’t figure out, he slowed down his pace, which Iris was grateful for. 
After that, they walked around ten minutes to the main gate, where Cane had been waiting for her, while in the distance the entourages were getting ready for their departure. 
Cane saw her coming, but his expression didn’t change at all. His scars gleamed under the sunlight. 
Iris remembered what she had said about Cane’s scars, but she couldn’t comprehend why she talked like that in the first place. 
Once Iris was in front of him, he spoke only two words. "Follow me." 
Iris followed him gladly, she slightly lifted her dress, because she didn’t want to make a fool of herself by stumbling forward. 
Meanwhile, Cane didn’t walk as fast as Will, thus there was no need for Iris to be worried about tripping on her own dress. She walked half a step behind him. 
"Iris!" King Aeon guffawed when he saw Iris walking side by side with Cane. He smiled brightly, which was so weird for Iris, since not so long ago, he watched her being humiliated calmly. 
And what mortified Iris the most was the fact that they had seen her naked in the welcoming party. Though the worst didn’t happen that day, it still felt so strange that they acted like nothing happened, since she was the luna of the pack now. 
Hanna had explained to her about the whole thing, she told her how she was the luna now and Iris could understand why Cane made such a decision. 
"Your highness..." Iris said, as she bent her body slightly.
###Chapter 52: YOU CAN STAY OR LEAVE
Chapter 52: YOU CAN STAY OR LEAVE
"Your highness..." Iris said, as she bent her body gracefully. At the very least, Iris learned the basic courtesy one needed to offer to the royal family and knew how to carry herself in front of them. 
Even though this was the first time for her to put what she learned into practice. 
The king looked pleased when he saw Iris, while the queen was nonchalant with her greeting. Instead, her eyes wandered to the person behind the alpha and Iris knew who she was staring at. 
Aderan. 
Even though Iris was still unsure what the relationship between the two of them was and whether the queen knew that she saw their intimate moment together that night in the library, it still made her feel uncomfortable. 
And while Iris was deep in thought, the king and the alpha continued to talk about something before King Aeon grabbed Iris’ hand, which startled her. She lifted her head and looked at him. 
"We will meet again in four months," king Aeon said with a bright smile, which didn’t reach his eyes. Since Iris couldn’t hear voices, when she talked with someone, their eyes spoke volumes, conveying more than they were letting out. 
"Yes, my king." Iris nodded politely. 
She felt a little bit dizzy and her breathing became irregular under the scorching sunlight, especially since she was wearing this heavy dress. There were a few layers to this dress, which made her feel suffocated. 
Afterward, the five alphas came forward to express their gratitude over how Alpha Cane had hosted the meeting gracefully. It was just for an upfront, all of the people that attended the meeting knew the result was way different from what they expected, and none of them were satisfied with it. 
For the five alphas and the king, to let Alpha Cane get a big treasure trove of a pack like Blue Moon pack was a great loss. While for Alpha Cane, having his enemy’s daughter as his luna was something unthinkable. 
However, there was one alpha that caught Iris’ attention. Alpha Gill from Riverside pack. His eyes darkened when he looked at Iris. He was still miffed about the fact he lost her during the welcoming party and now, he couldn’t do anything to her, since she was the luna. 
You could fuck the other alpha’s mistresses with their permission, but a luna was out of limits.
Alpha Gill had been infatuated with her ever since he saw her five years ago and wanted her to be one of his mistresses, but his advances were rejected by Gerald. He couldn’t even deflower her. 
Iris shuddered to feel the intense gaze from alpha Gill and subconsciously shrunk her body, as she hid herself behind alpha Cane’s broad back. 
Cane realized what she was doing, but he said nothing. He only grabbed her hand and pulled her to his side when it was time for all of them to leave. They stood side by side to see them off. 
At this time, Iris was sweating, she felt her surroundings spinning and her breathing came out even more shorter when they finally turned around to go back to the pack house. 
Halfway to the pack house, Iris slowed down considerably. She couldn’t even move at her normal pace, though Cane had slowed down to match her pace and in the end, she couldn’t even take a step forward. She saw black dots and was sweating profusely. She was barely able to stand up right now. 
Seeing her not moving, Cane stopped walking, but he said nothing to her, while she was struggling to breath. She felt like her consciousness would slip away at any given time. 
Iris lifted her head and found Cane staring at her, while the small entourage stopped walking as well. 
Cane stared at her for a moment and then approached her. It made her want to back away when he stretched out his hand. Would he hurt her? Slap her? 
But, without warning, Cane lifted her up. He scooped her body into his arms easily, as if she weighed nothing and made her arms wrap around his neck. He carried her like she was a little child. 
Out of instinct, Iris rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes because this was comfortable, for a moment, the pain was forgotten. 
However, she remembered that she couldn’t do this and Cane disliked it. He was nice enough to carry her, but it didn’t mean that she could cling onto him as she pleased. 
With that thought, she tried to straighten her body before removing her arms from his neck, but Cane stopped walking and this made Iris tense up. She raised her head to look at him. 
"Lower your head, I can’t see ahead." He didn’t raise his voice and his tone was dismissive. 
"Oh, I am sorry..." Iris felt awkward when she lowered her arms and rested her head against his shoulder again. He carried her for the rest of the way to the pack house. 
She was afraid that he would be angry at her for being this close to him, but then Cane simply continued walking and it seemed he didn’t say anything. If he wanted to, he would have to make her look at his face to know what he was saying. 
On the other hand, Will and Aderan were floored. They had never seen the alpha carry someone like that before, unless it was Leane or Venna, when she was little, the daughter of the former beta in his father’s reign, or his twin siblings. 
And for as long as they could remember, the alpha didn’t like physical contact. Let alone carrying someone, he didn’t even like to be touched or being so close, especially after the slavery. 
After what happened, it was understandable. 
However, there was something that they failed to notice, it was Aria, who was staring at them from the second floor. She watched how Cane carried Iris in his arms and couldn’t help but feel bitter about it. 
Aria gritted her teeth and turned around, because she didn’t want to see any more than this. 
That was not the man that she knew, that was not the alpha that she followed blindly. Her heart ached, as if someone whipped her, but this time there was no blood that spilled and even though Cane didn’t punish her or anything after that night, he didn’t talk to her either. 
Yet, all of that only happened last night and there were a lot of things that Cane had to handle, since his plan had been forcefully changed. 
=========================== 
Cane put Iris down on the bed, while Hanna and Amee were there as well, the latter helped by brewing her the medicine, because it had to be ingested while it was still warm and the former proceeded to help her to drink it, which made her drowsy and finally fell asleep. 
It would be much better for her, since she needed her rest. 
"Call Aria to see me," Cane said before he walked out of the room. The old lady nodded and left, leaving Hanna and Iris alone inside the room. 
At this moment, people started talking about how the alpha had taken alpha Gerald’s daughter as their luna. 
Amee had tried to make them understand, so did Ethan and Jace. Thankfully, the warriors of the Howling Wolf pack were not that much of gossipers, so they could understand the decision logically, but they were not happy about it. 
Meanwhile, the servants and people in town had their own opinions. Some of them condemned the alpha for his decision, some of them could understand why it had to be that way, but most of them weren’t satisfied with Iris being their luna. 
Every time Iris’ name was mentioned, they couldn’t help but remember what her father had done to them. 
Those memories were not something that one could wash away overnight. The wounds were still fresh. 
Not long after that, Aria came to the room. She could smell Iris’ scent so strongly on Cane as he carried her in his arms earlier, which aggravated her even more. She was seething in anger at that knowledge, but she didn’t let it appear on her face when she walked toward Cane, who was sitting in his chair. 
"You called for me, my alpha," Aria said brightly. She looked like her usual bubbly self when she saw Cane and approached him with light steps. 
Cane stood up, staring at the backyard when Aria entered the room. Her cheerfulness didn’t affect him at all, yet he didn’t look like he was angry either. He was just... impassive. 
"I want to talk about what happened last night, Aria," Cane said. He didn’t beat around the bush, because that was not the way he talked. 
At the mention of it, Aria’s smile fell, she lowered her head and looked at him timidly. "I know I went overboard last night," she said in a small voice. She was standing in front of the table, while Cane leaned his back against the window. His eyes were on Aria, but not the way she wanted. "But, you told me that you will torture her, so I wanted to help you do it, because you seem confused with the current situation." 
Aria was desperate to justify herself, she felt like she was in trouble, even though she believed she didn’t actually do anything wrong. 
"Confused?" Cane narrowed his eyes. 
"You marked her," Aria replied. She raised her head and met Cane’s eyes. This time, she didn’t back down. She wanted him to know how hurt she was about it. "You raised her rank to be the luna, to be the woman by your side, have you forgotten who she is?" 
Cane was silent for a while before he answered. "I did not." 
He didn’t look like he would explain himself, but if Aria could take a step back and stop worrying about herself and genuinely cared about what he felt, she would have realized that this decision was not easy for him either. 
It was also a humiliation for Cane when he had to rescind Iris’s status as a slave and let her replace Leana’s position. It was an insult to his dead mate. Not to mention the pressure from the pack members, as some of them strongly disagreed with this decision. 
"Then why did you mark her?!" Aria snapped. She gritted her teeth when she saw Cane come closer as he literally stood in front of her right now. 
Aria gulped down nervously, but her anger was too much for her to fake her calmness. Tears started streaming down her face. "You marked her... you made your enemy’s daughter the luna of the pack. How can you do that after what we have gone through? I feel betrayed, as do most of the people in the Howling Wolf pack." 
Cane knew he would get such backlash for his decision, yet he thought people that were close to him would understand this. 
But, it seemed, he needed to explain things to Aria slowly. He did not always have a lot of patience, but he tried to make her understand why this decision was necessary and how it would affect their pack as well. 
However, Aria refused to understand, she was not a very logical person, nor was she into political matters. What she saw was how the man that she cherished the most was snatched by the girl that was supposed to be the epitome of their hatred, right before her eyes. 
"And now you say you will have a child with her? With that woman? How can I accept that?" 
"I will never ask you to accept that." 
"What about us?!" Aria blurted out, which made her immediately realize her mistake. "I- I..." 
"I made myself clear from the very beginning, Aria. Whatever happened between us, you can’t read too deep into it. I don’t have a heart to give to you. I gave you the choice, you can take it or leave and I will give you the same choice again now." Cane had never tried to deceive Aria, he had emphasized the same from the very beginning. "You can stay or leave."
###Chapter 53: YOU ARE BEING CALLED BY THE ALPHA
Chapter 53: YOU ARE BEING CALLED BY THE ALPHA
Things that transpired between them were so clear from the very beginning. Cane had never forced her to stay. She was free to live her life. Right after they were freed from the slavery, the alpha had given her a choice and she insisted on staying, which gave her the position of the mistress right now. 
"I will give you the same choice again now." Cane had never tried to deceive Aria, he had emphasized the same from the very beginning. "You can stay or leave. I will give you a house in a place that you want and you don’t need to think about money. I will take care of you." 
What he offered sounded very generous, but compared to what she had done for him, during their slavery, it was only a small amount of gratitude that Cane could offer to people who always stood by him. 
However, things had changed, their slavery days had passed and what they had to think about right now was not only limited to how not to get whipped today or how to get food for them to live on. That was no longer the problem that they had to face. 
Starting from now, it would be way more complicated than that, but Aria refused to see the bigger picture and Cane couldn’t make her change her way of thinking. However, he couldn’t keep her around either knowing she could cause potential trouble in the future. There were so many things at risk now. 
"Are you throwing me away?" Aria cried, she looked at Cane. She was visibly upset and hurt. 
Yet, after all that Cane had said to her to make her understand things, it all seemed in vain. She was a lost cause. It was simple, they didn’t see the same light. They walked different paths now. 
"How can I throw you away when I don’t actually own you?" Cane looked at the woman in front of him and saw the hatred in her eyes, not toward him, but Iris. There must be more people who shared the same sentiment as her out there. "Iris will be the luna of this pack and I want you to respect her. You don’t need to interact with her if you don’t want to, but I want you to understand that she is no longer a slave, so I don’t want you to pull the same trick again." 
Actually, Aria had overstepped the boundaries and she should be punished for what she had done, but Cane was not going to do that. However, she would only cause even more trouble in the future if he didn’t make things clear to her. 
On the other hand, Aria felt a huge lump in her throat when she heard that. "You chose your enemy’s daughter over your people." No amount of explanation could change the way Aria was thinking about it. "You chose her over me." 
And after saying that, Aria turned around, she didn’t want to see him for a while. Her steps were so heavy, her heart ached so badly. But, before she walked out of the bedroom, she turned around and faced Cane once again. 
"Do you really think a devil like Alpha Gerald will create innocent children? Can’t you see how Mason is? Has it never crossed your mind that you are being lied to by her? That she is pretending to be nice to you? Being a runt and looking weak will not stop you from being a wicked person." 
Aria waited for Cane to respond to that, but he just stayed there, staring at her as usual, which meant he wouldn’t give her what she wanted and would remain silent. 
However, Cane listened to what she said. Of course, it crossed his mind that her innocent face and her timid act were all just an upfront, but he didn’t have proof either way. 
============================= 
The black beast fought off seven other beasts that came his way and within a few minutes, all of them had backed off. Some of them laid on the ground, shifted into their human form, while the rest of them whimpered and avoided the beast. 
The training was over just like that and the victorious beast shifted into the alpha. 
"You really need to coordinate better," Cane said, rubbing the dirt off his face. Today, he personally inspected how the training went and he was a little bit disappointed that the new warriors didn’t meet his expectations. 
Ethan approached the alpha and flashed him his goofy smile. "You are very harsh on them." 
Hearing that, Cane gave him a side eyed look. "That’s why they are very weak. You only know how to spoil them." 
"There is no way I can spoil them." Ethan raised both of his hands and looked defensive. "But, fighting you, of course, is too much for them." 
The newly recruited warriors were around the age of thirteen to fifteen and there were around a hundred of them, which was a good number to start and strengthen their forces back. They couldn’t slack off in this matter. 
"Don’t worry, they will be fine within two or three months." Ethan followed the alpha to sit down on the tribune, watching the young warriors train in their human or in their beast forms in the training ground. 
"Hm." The alpha poured the cold water on top of his head. It was so hot today, the heat could make your head dizzy. 
The water dripped from his hair, continuing to wet his shirt, but Cane didn’t seem to feel any better. 
"What is bothering you?" Ethan did the same thing before he drank the rest of the water and then he remembered something. "It is about tomorrow night, right?" 
It had been three weeks since the king and the five alphas left the pack house, which meant, the new moon was around the corner and from what they could see, it would be tomorrow night. 
"Do you really think it was because of Iris?" They had mulled over this matter a few times and couldn’t come up with another conclusion about how Cane could shift back into his human form when it was still hours before sunrise. Not to mention how the monster reacted to Iris’ presence. "Shouldn’t we try to find out more about it?" 
Cane knew what Ethan implied by saying that they should find out more about this. 
But, first of all, he needed to have a conversation with the woman herself. 
======================== 
After being pointed out as the luna of the pack, Iris thought they would finally warm up to her a little bit, but they seemed to hate her even more. 
Their understanding went along the lines that said their alpha was put under a lot of pressure to make her the luna or they would need to let go of the Blue Moon pack, which they felt was so unfair. 
Aria’s accusation only spiced up the rumors that Iris had seduced the alpha. 
"The alpha called you to come to his bedroom." Hanna entered the room and gave Iris this information. "Should I tell him that you are still recuperating and not feeling well?" 
Two weeks ago, even after Iris recovered a little bit, the alpha didn’t chase her out of the room next to his, which was way better than the room that she had occupied in the slave quarters. 
Since her status was the luna of the pack, of course, she couldn’t look so shabby. It would reflect badly on Cane as well. 
"You know that such an excuse will not stop the alpha from demanding my presence," Iris said, as she braided her hair, so her curls wouldn’t look like a bird nest on her head. These curls frustrated her sometimes. 
Hanna then came over and helped her to braid her long hair. She looked way better and healthier after she drank the concoction from Grace regularly, her health improved by a lot as well. 
"I think I should go now." Iris stood up and looked at Hanna with a soft smile. "At least, with the condition that the king gave him, we know that he will not kill me." 
Hanna was not particularly happy to hear that, but she knew it was true. The alpha will not kill Iris because of that, because now she was the luna. 
Iris hugged her and kissed her on the cheeks. "I will return soon." 
It would be the first time they met in two weeks, because during those two weeks, Cane didn’t call her while she didn’t make any attempts to talk to him either, since she thought he would call her if he needed her, just like right now. 
However, during that time, she didn’t go to the mines either. Amee told her that she didn’t need to do that anymore because she was the luna and it would not be good if rumors circled around about how harshly they treated the luna in the Howling Wolf pack. 
In the end, they just wanted to save their alpha’s name, it was not out of consideration for her. 
When Iris entered the bedroom, there was someone else there and it was Stone and his daughter, Ania, who saw her and immediately ran toward her with her gummy smile. 
"IRIS!" she literally screamed, as she ran toward Iris with both of her arms wide open, asking for her to hug her. 
Out of instinct, Iris caught her little body and carried the girl in her arms, while her scream interrupted whatever the alpha and Stone were discussing, as both of their attention was now on Iris and Ania, who looked so happy to see each other again. 
"Ania." Stone’s voice was strict. "Get down." 
Ania flinched, but she hugged Iris’ neck even tighter, as she shook her head. "No." She was only five years old, thus she could not yet understand the concept of mannerisms in front of the alpha. 
Stone must have been left with no other choice but to bring his daughter along as he had no one to look after her. 
"Ania." Stone tried again, but his daughter turned her head away and buried her face in the crook of Iris’ shoulder. 
"It’s okay. I will be with her while you are talking to the alpha." Iris offered a solution and at the mention of the alpha, Stone looked conflicted. He swiftly controlled his emotions. He didn’t like his daughter getting closer to Iris, but he couldn’t disrespect the alpha. 
"Continue with your report, Stone," Cane spoke. He didn’t like to waste his time and the slave trainer knew about that.
"Yes, alpha." Stone lowered his head and continued with his report about the slave warriors. It was what they called the warriors from the Blue Moon pack, who refused to back down and pledge their loyalty to the new alpha. 
They were working in the mines now, but it was not productive at all, because there would always be a fight every now and then. 
"Because of that, the production of the magic stones is not as high as before." 
Usually, from the mines, they would find two or three stones every week, but right now, the last magic stone that they could find was the magic stone that was found by Iris. 
It would affect their income, which was critical at times like this, since they needed large funds to revitalize the Howling Wolf pack. 
On the other hand, Iris stealthily read Stone’s lips, while playing with Ania on the side. 
Stone must have forgotten that she couldn’t hear what he was saying, but she could still read his lips, thus instead of turning his head away, he lowered his voice when he talked to the alpha. 
Magic stones? Iris was sure there were a lot of magic stones in the mines, but why couldn’t they find them? 
"And also, there is this warrior named Redmond, who demands your presence. He has people rallying behind his back and creating trouble. We have confiscated him and he is waiting for your punishment." Stone ended his report and now, he directed his eyes at Ania, who was laughing and smiling while she was talking to Iris. 
It was so rare to see his daughter laugh like that after her mother died while giving birth to her brother.
###Chapter 54: HOW CAN YOU HAVE AN AFFAIR WITH THE QUEEN?
Chapter 54: HOW CAN YOU HAVE AN AFFAIR WITH THE QUEEN?
Ania’s mother while trying to give birth to their second child, along with the baby, thus it was only Stone and Ania right now. It was so hard to live as a single father, especially when this was not their former pack. 
Most of the members of the Howling Wolf pack had returned to their land, since this place brought back a lot of bad memories. Only a few had stayed here, while most of them were warriors who stayed behind to stabilize the situation, as there were still many warriors from the Blue Moon pack who caused trouble every now and then. 
However, to see Ania smiling and even laughing like that was so rare. After the death of her mother, she became very quiet and always played alone. She didn’t even interact with the children her age. 
All of Stone and his wife’s family had died during the slavery, thus they only had each other, which made him have complicated feelings to see how his little girl was so comfortable with the daughter of their tyrant. 
He helped Iris that night because he didn’t want to owe her anything since she had helped Ania during the monster attack. Whatever Iris’ intention at that time was, Ania could have died by now if she was left alone. 
But, it didn’t mean he had softened his heart toward the girl. 
"I will see Redmond by myself, three days from now," Cane said. "Regarding the magic stones, we will find a solution for that." His eyes fell on Iris, who was having a good time with Ania. He didn’t know what they were talking about, but Iris made it look so easy to make the little girl laugh. "You can leave." 
Stone lowered his head and resigned himself. He approached Iris. His face didn’t show how disturbed he was by the sight before him, but at the very least, he was not as snappy as before when he asked for Ania. 
"See you again," Ania said cheerfully, as she hugged her father’s neck and both of them walked out of the bedroom. 
Iris smiled and waved back at her, until the door slammed shut behind them and she had to face Cane again. All of the anxiety that she pushed to the back of her mind hit her hard because she didn’t know what Cane wanted by calling her here tonight. 
Slowly, she walked closer to approach the alpha, but he seemed to be in the middle of writing something, thus she stood there silently, without making any noise. Instead, she stared at the dark sky through the window behind the chair Cane sat on. 
After around five minutes, Cane put down the quill and fixed his attention on Iris. 
"Sit." 
Iris complied with that curt order and sat down in front of Cane, she fiddled with her fingers, but she kept her head up, so she could read his lips, she didn’t want to upset him by missing the question. 
"I want to know what exactly happened that night," Cane cut straight to the point and when he mentioned ’that night’, Iris immediately knew that it was the night he turned into a lycan. The cursed shifter. 
Actually, Iris had told him everything and didn’t leave anything in her explanation, but since Cane asked her to say it again, she didn’t have any other option but to comply with his order. 
Iris started to explain what happened, about the night of the welcoming party, how she had fallen asleep and then woke up to eat, then going to the kitchen to put down the empty plates and how she heard the howling in the distance, meeting him and then passing out when he bit her. 
She recited everything once again and didn’t miss anything. 
After Iris said all of that, she remained silent, waiting to read what he wanted to say, as he was in a deep thought right now. 
"Tomorrow is the new moon," Cane said and Iris knew that was the time when he would turn into a lycan. Time passed so fast, it had been a month since she got his mark. "I want you to be there in the hut again with me." 
Iris didn’t believe what he had said. She thought she read his lips wrongly. "Pardon me?" 
"I want you to stay in the hut with me tomorrow night," Cane repeated what he said calmly, as if he didn’t ask Iris to sacrifice her life, putting herself in danger by being with a lycan that lost all its rationale. 
"But..." Iris gulped so hard. "... are you planning to kill me?" That was the only thing that she could think of right now, because she almost died the last time she went there. It was a miracle that she could survive that night, considering how brutal he was when he marked her. 
Cane furrowed his brows when he heard the question. "No." 
"But..." 
"I will be chained." 
"You broke the chains last time," Iris stated in a matter of fact tone. 
"They will be doubled now." 
"But, you broke the wall as well." 
"It has been built again." 
Iris lost the argument at this point and even after her concerns were answered, she still panicked to know that she would stay with him again in his lycan form. 
If she knew that she would end up being marked that night and find out a deadly secret about Cane, she would never have followed the howling sound, but now, Cane was actually asking her to do that again. 
"This is not a request, this is an order. I’m just letting you know it beforehand." 
What Cane meant here was; no matter what Iris decided or thought right now, it didn’t matter, because it was the alpha who called the shots here. 
"Rest and return around this hour tomorrow," Cane said, as he started to pick up his quill again. 
No. Iris didn’t want to be the monster’s bait. She could die this time. "May I know why I have to go? At least, can you tell me why you need me there?" 
Cane put down the quill again and lifted his head to look at Iris. "Because that night, I shouldn’t have returned to my human form before sunrise." 
Iris thought about it and she remembered Cane changed his form before he pounced onto her. He started to shift into his human form, even though he was not in full control of himself and that was still around midnight. 
"Do you want to test whether I was the reason that you changed into your human form before sunrise?" Iris immediately caught onto it and Cane didn’t need to answer that for her to know that she was right. "Oh! I read a few books in the library on lycans. I think I can show you something." 
Iris had spent the last few days in the library reading as many books as she could about the magic stones and the lycans. Sometimes, she would find Grace there as well, but the healer would ignore her even when she greeted her. 
"You sneaked out again?" 
Iris grimaced. He was right. She sneaked out of her room to go to the library. Cane didn’t put any guards in front of her bedroom, so it was easy for her to do that. 
"What did you find?" Cane put aside the parchment in front of him and gave her his full attention. 
========================= 
"Why are you following us?" Ethan gave Aderan a side look as the four of them walked toward the library. 
Iris wanted to tell Cane about the books that she read, which consisted of information about the lycans, but she wanted to let him read it himself, so he wouldn’t miss any important points, but when they set out to go, Ethan came to give the alpha a report and ended up coming with them. 
As for Aderan, he met them halfway to the library with the same intentions as Ethan, thus he came along as well. 
"Why not? The alpha didn’t say anything." Aderan shrugged his shoulders and their bickering continued until they reached the library. 
Fortunately, Iris couldn’t hear their foolish banter. 
Once they entered the library, Iris went to fetch the few books that contained information on lycans, while the three of them sat down on the seats around the huge table in the middle of the library. 
Iris grimaced when she saw the table, because it was the same table where Aderan had sex with the queen. 
She shook her head and immediately disappeared behind the bookshelves. 
"Tell me what you want to say." Cane nodded at Aderan, giving him the permission to provide information first. 
The gamma and the personal guard stopped their bickering in an instant, and their expressions became solemn. 
"The queen said that the king put a spy in this pack, but she didn’t know who it was, since she only gathered a few bits from overhearing the king’s conversation with his advisor." Aderan wanted to report this three weeks ago, but he was sent to run an important errand and couldn’t meet with Cane before that. 
"I know he will do something dirty like that," Ethan grumbled. He disliked the king for a long time and only hated him even more after the visit. "Who do you think it can be?" 
"I think we need to check on the people that entered our pack recently, especially those who work around the pack house. It will give them more opportunities to gather more information from inside if they stay close to us." 
"It can be someone among us." 
Aderan frowned, but that didn’t rule out the possibility of something like that happening. It was one thing to have someone infiltrate their chain of information, but it was another thing to have a traitor among your pack members, who was supposed to be the people that you could trust the most. 
"What else did the queen say?" Cane asked again. 
"She said the king was very upset with the result of the meeting." To be fair, no one was happy with the result, not even Cane was truly satisfied with it. "She only talked about how the king complained that the monsters grow so fast in the north, the Celestial Moon pack gave the king a headache with their demand for more manpower to fight those monsters off. Alpha Derick asked the king to lower the tax on their land because their pack was almost destroyed from the last wave of attack." 
The northern area was the place where the population of monsters grew rapidly while the Celestial Moon pack was the only pack that defended the kingdom. 
Therefore, for Cane to be able to get the other five alphas to agree with his idea of him taking Blue Moon pack for himself was something that none of them could ever imagine, especially from alpha Derick. 
Cane could only do that because Alpha Derick was a close friend of his father. 
"But, how can you have an affair with the queen?" Ethan looked at Aderan in confusion. He knew about the affair, but not the fact that the two of them were actually destined mates. 
However, before Aderan could counter him with a lie, since he didn’t want anyone to learn about that, Cane had spoken first. 
"I will make a trip to the Celestial Moon pack after the blessing ceremony in the capital. They have a lot of sorcerers there to defend the fortress. Send a messenger to the Celestial Moon pack and tell him to give them three magic stones. Do it secretly." Cane planned to give a few magic stones to them when he visited Celestial Moon pack, in order to rekindle an old relationship. 
However, he didn’t want the king to learn about this yet. 
"On it." Aderan replied. 
Right at that time, Iris returned with four thick books in her arms. She looked at the three of them and put down the books on the table, next to the alpha, but she didn’t take a seat there. 
"Why are you standing? Sit down." Ethan frowned when he saw that Iris didn’t sit down, but the girl shook her head and looked at the table weirdly before she threw a secret glance at Aderan, who avoided her eyes. 
Cane caught Iris’ eyes and then swiftly swept his eyes over the table, before he connected the dots and stood up as well. He took one of the books that Iris had brought and read it silently. 
"What is it?" Ethan was clueless.
###Chapter 55: WHO SLAPPED YOU?
Chapter 55: WHO SLAPPED YOU?
"What is it?" Ethan was completely clueless. The gamma was not sure, but the alpha and Iris seemed to be avoiding the table, while Aderan seemed to have sudden interest in the bookshelves around them, despite being illiterate. "What books did you bring here?" 
Ethan stretched out his hand and took one of the books. As he read it his expression darkened. He lifted his head and then looked at Iris, who was perusing other books and then back at Aderan. 
"Why don’t you go and check the warrior’s dormitory?" Ethan asked. 
"Why should I go to the warrior’s dormitory?" Aderan didn’t get it, there was nothing to look at in that place. If anything, that place was the least concerning place in this whole pack house. 
"Go," Ethan said, this time more firmly, until Aderan got what he meant. He wasn’t asking him to go to really check on that place. He just wanted him to go from this library. 
From the looks of it, the gamma found something in the book which upset him greatly. 
"Okay." Aderan knew when to yield. Ethan was an easy going person, but something got broken inside of him during their slavery days and once he was out of control, even the alpha would have a hard time taming him. 
Once Aderan walked out of the library and closed the door behind him, Ethan immediately stood up and approached Iris. The personal guard didn’t know about the curse on their alpha. 
"What do you mean by this?" His voice was slightly hoarse, but his eyes were sharp and they were staring straight at her, which made her flinch and instinctively take a step back. "Did you look for information about the alpha’s condition?" 
"I- I just want to help." Iris didn’t know why the gamma looked so mad. 
"How can you help him?!" Ethan hissed viciously and even though Iris couldn’t comprehend his tone, she could see the hatred oozing out of his being. "Do you really think reading these books can help with his condition?!" 
Ethan was reminded once again why the alpha chose that path to free their people and it was all because of the father of the girl before his eyes. Now his anger was hard to curb. 
"But, there is a way to help him..." Iris replied in a small voice, she hugged the book in her hands, but she didn’t dare to lower her head. If she did, she would miss what he was saying. 
However, it was Cane, who spoke first. 
"Serafim?" Cane finished reading the lycan part and closed the book, as he fixed his attention on Iris, but his eyes glazed over for a second before Ethan backed off from her, which gave her some space to breathe. "Divine power?" 
"Yes, that’s what was mentioned in the book," Iris answered nervously. "There is a cure for the curse." 
Iris then went to the table and took a different book. She flipped the pages quickly, as if she had read that book a few times already and knew what she was looking for. 
"Here, read this." Iris pointed at a paragraph that said the divine powers would be able to counter any dark magic, the stronger the Serafim was, the more she would be able to do something unimaginable. 
There were a few more descriptions about what a Serafim was capable of doing, but that was not so important for them right now to read. 
"I think a Serafim can do it." Iris then took another book and let Cane read the important parts. She looked so eager to help, though there was not much that she could do. "There is a cure for the dark magic that you used." 
"Do you have any idea what kind of dark magic that he used?" Ethan asked Iris, he leaned his back against the table with his arms folded. His jaw hardened as he didn’t look pleased at all. 
Iris shook her head. She didn’t know much about dark magic, she only heard about it once or twice, but didn’t really understand it. 
The only thing that she knew was that the last battle between her father and Cane happened so fast. It only took Cane and his people less than a day for them to be able to penetrate the pack house and assassinate the alpha, which made the Blue Moon pack’s order crumble, since Mason was not much of a warrior. He knew nothing about strategy or how to fight. 
Mason’s incapability was striking especially when he was caught easily and the warriors from Blue Moon pack lost their leader. 
During that time, Iris stayed inside her bedroom with Hanna, until Cane tore down her bedroom door and gave an order to his warriors to bring her to the dungeon. 
Blood was everywhere and that was the goriest scene that Iris had ever seen in her entire life. 
"Do you know where Serafim lives?" Ethan looked at her with his critical gaze. "She lives on another continent, in the Holy Kingdom, and unfortunately, the two kingdoms are not on good terms right now." Ethan didn’t stop at that. "And do you know how to go to the Holy Kingdom and meet with Serafim? It will take you a week long journey to reach there." 
Iris kept silent and let the gamma say whatever he wanted to say and only when he stopped speaking did she speak again. 
"But everything is doable, right?" Iris was right, but that was not the point of this whole conversation. "If you really want to cure his curse, we need to try it no matter how small a chance it is." 
Ethan squinted his eyes dangerously at Iris, which made her move closer to Cane out of instinct. It was weird for her to think that Cane was her safe place, but she did it out of instinct. 
"Maybe your father didn’t need to attack our pack and enslave us." Ethan said that through his gritted teeth, but then he turned his head and started seething at the closed door. 
Iris couldn’t say anything to refute that fact. She didn’t mean for that to happen and now she only wanted to help. 
Ethan was being cruel to her for a baseless reason. 
But after that comment, the gamma didn’t say anything and just watched how the interaction went between the alpha and Iris. 
"I need more information on this," Cane said, as he handed the book in his hand to her. "No need to sneak out to the library and report everything to me." 
Reading that, Iris looked more cheerful, she nodded vigorously because she was thrilled that she would be able to help him and he seemed to have warmed up a little bit to her, but the gamma only gave her a side-eyed look. 
It was a long way for her, but she hoped one day, people would see her for who she was and not as Alpha Gerald’s daughter.
And the next night, Iris came to the alpha’s bedroom again, just like what he ordered her to do. 
However, on her way, Iris saw Aria just walking out of the bedroom. She looked upset and once her eyes landed on her, she approached her so fast and without any warning, a slap landed on Iris’ face. 
"So, the alpha wants you for tonight?!" Aria misunderstood the situation. She came to Cane’s bedroom because it had been a long time since they could be together, because the alpha had been very busy with a lot of things. 
But now, when he had a little bit of time because he returned to his bedroom early, all he wanted was for her to not bother him. He didn’t even allow her to come closer, not to mention that he was a little bit snappy this time. 
However, he called Iris over? To spend the night with him?! 
Aria couldn’t help but be consumed by her jealousy. She couldn’t handle this anymore. She wanted Cane for herself. 
"How dare you come to the alpha’s bedroom!?" Aria grabbed Iris’ hair and pulled it so hard, she felt like her scalp was burning. 
Meanwhile the two guards, who were guarding the alpha’s bedroom immediately came over and separated the two of them, while Iris didn’t know what Aria was saying to her, because she was too frantic and she was in so much pain, while her vision was blurry with her tears. 
"Are you okay?" One of the guards helped her to stand up, while the other guard held back Aria, so she wouldn’t attack Iris again. 
Iris held her head, her cheek and her scalp were in pain, but she threw a sharp glare at Aria, which made her become even more furious. 
"How dare you look at me like that!?" Aria screamed at her and the guard that helped Iris to stand up. He nudged her to go to the alpha’s chamber immediately, because the mistress wouldn’t dare to barge in, no matter how angry she was right now. 
"Go, the alpha has been waiting for you." The guard nodded at the door. 
Seeing that, Iris immediately rushed into the chamber, while Aria kept screaming profanities at her, but all she felt was pain. 
Iris opened the door and immediately stepped inside and closed it. 
"You are late," Cane said, without lifting his head from the parchment in front of him. He was translating something. 
Iris walked slowly toward the alpha, while trying to neaten her hair, Aria had ruined her braided hair. 
A few minutes later, Cane lifted his head and looked at Iris, as he stood up. "We will go now." 
Iris nodded, but she said nothing, as she waited for the alpha to walk ahead, yet he stopped in front of her and pinched her chin to tilt her head to the side. 
"Who slapped you?" He asked when he saw how red Iris’ cheek was with a glaring handprint there. This room must be sound proof, since the commotion outside was not able to penetrate the walls at all. 
Iris was startled that Cane realized that. Did her face turn so red? 
"It was the mistress," Iris replied honestly, she didn’t want to lie to him, since he seemed like a person that could smell your lies from miles away. 
Iris just started to get his trust and she didn’t want to ruin it, after all, why would she lie when she was the one who was being slapped here? 
Cane put down his hand and stared at her for a while, as he noticed how messy her hair was, but then he said nothing and continued to walk out of the bedroom with Iris following behind him. 
The two guards wanted to follow, but Cane dismissed them. 
In the end, it was only Cane and Iris, who walked toward the rickety hut, which was in a secluded area of this pack house. 
There, the beta and gamma had been waiting for them. 
"You are late," Ethan complained like usual, but Cane said nothing and the four of them immediately entered the rickety hut and went to the basement. 
Just like what Ethan had said, this place had been fixed and there were double silver chains that would hold Cane back from breaking free like the last time. 
"This time, we will be here," Jace said to Iris. He didn’t mean to say it to comfort her, he simply wanted to let her know. 
"Thank you," Iris muttered and Jace just glanced at her, while Ethan was about to help Cane fix the chains to bind him. 
However, the alpha called Iris over. "Let her do it." 
Iris blinked her eyes and looked at him, but she knew she didn’t read it wrongly, thus without any other choice, Iris proceeded to put the silver chains on Cane. 
Seeing that, Ethan tapped her shoulder to get her attention so he could ask her. "Doesn’t silver hurt your hands?" 
Iris looked at her hands that were holding the silver chains and then shook her head. "No. It doesn’t seem to hurt me," she answered truthfully. She had never realized it before. 
"Really?" Ethan frowned so hard.
###Chapter 56: THE MONSTER ATTACK
Chapter 56: THE MONSTER ATTACK
Only when Ethan pointed it out did Iris realize the fact that silver didn’t hurt her. After all, it was a rare occasion for her to encounter silver. No, she didn’t think that she had ever encountered silver before or even touched it. 
But now, when Ethan said it, she looked at her hands that were holding the silver chains and felt weird because she indeed didn’t feel hurt at all. 
"Really?" Ethan frowned so hard. "How can that happen?" 
Iris bit her lips, she missed the question, but Cane reminded her to continue to put the chains on him. Now, he had confirmed one more thing about her. 
It took Iris a little bit longer to put the chains on Cane, because she wasn’t used to doing it. Also because they doubled the chains, so Cane wouldn’t be able to break free again. 
After it was done, Iris stepped back and stood behind Ethan and Jace, staring at Cane, who started to shift into his lycan form. 
Despite not being able to hear the sound of breaking bones, as his body twisted in weird angles, Iris could see how painful it was for Cane to be forced to shift into that monster. He was screaming, though she was unable to hear that, but once he had shifted completely into his lycan form, Iris started to hear that howling sound again. 
This howl sounded so pitiful and sad at the same time. This was the same howl that Iris heard that night. 
On the other hand, Ethan and Jace were on alert, both of them didn’t let their guards down because things could escalate so fast. They were ready to shift into their beasts at the slightest doubt that the lycan started to feel agitated. 
His red eyes were gleaming in the dark, as the reflection of fire danced in his eyes, but they were fixed on Iris. 
The lycan howled, but it didn’t try to break the chains that held him back, instead, compared to the previous time, this time, the beast was a little bit too calm. The lycan would only howl every now and then, but not try to do anything aggressive. 
Yet, all of them could see how those red eyes were intrigued at the sight of Iris. 
"I have never seen him so calm like this before." Jace frowned to see how the lycan didn’t even make any attempt to break free. 
"W- what does the alpha usually do in his lycan form?" Iris asked curiously. Her curiosity always got the better of her, as she looked at Jace and Ethan, waiting for any one of them to provide her with a little bit of explanation. 
"He would hunt down the monsters in the Goffa mountain," Jace replied simply. 
Apparently, in the six months they gathered power after they managed to break free from Alpha Gerald’s clutches, it was also the time when Cane used dark magic in order to fight back. 
They needed to counterattack quickly because they couldn’t afford to fight the Blue Moon pack if Alpha Gerald managed to gather his supporters and attacked them first. 
Therefore, to strengthen the little bit of power that he had, the alpha made a sacrifice by using dark magic, which cost him himself. 
And when every new moon came, Ethan and Jace would set him free in the Goffa mountain, for him to kill the monsters there to satisfy the lycan’s thirst for blood. 
But, they couldn’t do it right now, because there was a chance for the lycan to charge at their own people and kill them. 
In the past, there were one or two guards who died during the new moon, but they were from the Blue Moon pack, thus they didn’t care much about it, while this time, it was a different situation. 
"How can you do that?" Ethan asked after he tapped Iris’ shoulder to get her attention. 
Iris tilted her head. "Do what?" She didn’t understand. She didn’t do anything. 
The three of them were sitting on the hard ground, watching the monster that had his red eyes fixed on Iris. And strangely enough, the lycan was way more calm than the few other nights. There was just the occasional howl or whimper, but aside from that, this monster looked almost docile, which was confusing. 
"That." Jace nodded at the calm lycan. 
"I didn’t do anything. I am sitting right here with you," Iris replied in a matter of fact tone. 
On the other hand, Ethan glanced at her with a frown, there were a lot of things that went through his mind, but he didn’t know whether he had to voice this or not. 
In the end, all of them fell silent, this was the most quiet and peaceful night during the new moon time for Jace, Ethan and the lycan in six months, while Iris was just grateful that the lycan wouldn’t pounce on her or hurt her again. 
She hugged herself and rested her head on top of her knees. This night was a little bit cold for her. She stared at the lycan and heard him howling. This was the first sound that she heard since her life had been so quiet for years. 
The night was so peaceful and none of them were talking, until the lycan suddenly roared viciously and tried to free himself from the chains that rendered him unable to move. 
Jace and Ethan’s bodies stiffened, they thought the lycan would start wreaking havoc again, but then they heard something in the distance and craned their necks to hear it more clearly. 
"What is that?" Ethan muttered, as he stood up. Aside from the vicious roar of the lycan, they could hear some other commotion. "I will go and check." 
It was hard for them to coordinate with one another without having the ability to mind link their pack members and all of that was thanks to alpha Gerald, who had severed the connection between them. 
Iris also stood up when she saw Jace pacing inside the basement, he was trying to figure out what the commotion was about. She shifted her attention between Jace and the lycan and the more time passed, the more agitated the lycan became. 
"What happened?" Iris asked, she didn’t know why Ethan suddenly went out in such haste, but she assumed there must be something awful that was happening. 
However, Jace didn’t answer her question. Meanwhile, the tension on his face became even more palpable. 
Now, the howling that Iris heard had turned into ferocious growls. Something aggravated the lycan, but she didn’t have any idea what that was. 
"The monsters from the Goffa mountain attacked the people in the mines and those beasts almost reached the pack house!" Ethan shouted once he opened the door. He looked mortified. 
"What!?" Jace was shocked. "At a time like this?!" He stared at the lycan and then at Iris, who missed what they were saying, Ethan talked too fast for her to follow, thus she didn’t know what happened. 
"What is it?" She was desperate to know what was going on around her, but none of them gave her an answer. 
"Stay here," Jace said to her grimly, but Iris clutched his sleeve, stopping him from leaving her here alone with the lycan. She was still afraid of being alone with this monster. 
"W- where are you going?" Iris stuttered, she begged the beta to stay with her eyes. She was almost crying at this point. 
"There is a monster attack and they almost reached the pack house, I need to go." Jace pulled his hand away from her grip. "The lycan is calm with you here. You will be fine." 
On what basis could he make such a conclusion? Had he forgotten about how she had almost died when she found herself alone with the lycan the last time? 
However, Jace didn’t have time to argue with her over that. His people needed him now that the alpha couldn’t be there to lead the warriors and defend the attack of the monsters. 
Recently, the monsters in Goffa mountain became more and more aggressive. Within the last month, there were two attacks that were reported. Thankfully, there were no victims, but then the monsters had never reached the pack house before. 
If they had indeed reached it, it meant that the situation in the mines was very bad, since there would be the first line of defense that they had to break through before they reached the village and the pack house. 
"N- no, wait!" Yet, Iris couldn’t stop them from leaving her alone here with the angry lycan. She tried to leave with the beta and gamma, but the lycan became even more agitated when she even walked closer to the door and out of his sight. "Ssh... ssh... calm down, okay... you are scaring me." 
Iris felt like she was going crazy for even attempting to talk with the lycan, as if he could understand her, but she was worried about Hanna. 
"What do you want me to do?" Iris frowned, because she felt like the beast wanted her to come closer. She took a step closer and the beast growled in a low voice. He reduced his attempts to free himself from the chains and when Iris took another step closer, the beast became even calmer. "Do you want me to come to you?" 
Probably she read the situation wrongly, but she felt she was right with her interpretation. 
Iris had been trying to figure out why the alpha could shift back into his human form before the sunrise, but there was no book that explained anything about it. Probably, she needed to hole herself up inside the library a little bit longer. There must be a book that could explain that somewhere. 
Thankfully, her mother loved to read, thus the library was built solely for her and it contained millions of books from various places. 
Iris stared straight into the red eyes before her, this was the first time she held his gaze and she felt... less scared of the monster. 
His red eyes were so dark, like the color of blood and the reason behind it was because of the lycan’s thirst for blood. He needed to kill to quench such thirst. 
A lycan’s existence was solely to kill, that was why they were called as cursed shifters. 
But then, when Iris was transfixed by those red color eyes, all of a sudden the lycan shifted his attention to something behind her and started to roar more viciously, he literally thrashed his body strongly to break free from his restraints. 
"What...?" Iris turned her body around and saw a Brinetallon staring down at her. 
Brinetallon was a monster the size of a werewolf, with two heads and tails as sharp as daggers, filled with venom. 
This was the first time for Iris to see a living Brinetallon, she saw this monster years ago when the pack went on a monster hunt and what she saw then was just a dead body. 
Iris took a step back, which made her walk closer toward the lycan, who was snarling viciously at this intruder. 
If this monster was here, it meant they had reached the pack house. 
The Brinetallon snarled back at the lycan, but didn’t dare to come closer toward Iris, even though the lycan was chained. 
Iris felt her heart thump in her ears because she knew that she didn’t have a way to escape from this predicament. The only exit was the door and it was right behind the Brinetallon. She wouldn’t be able to go past that monster without being harmed in the process. 
Let alone injuries, she would be lucky enough if she come out alive.
On the other hand, it was the lycan. 
Iris glanced at the lycan over her shoulder and watched how this beast was wrathful with the presence of another beast inside this room. 
Should I release him and let them fight? Maybe by then she could find a way to escape. 
But then, there was no guarantee that she wouldn’t be crushed first when they started to fight in this small room. 
Just one stray strike from any of these monsters, and she would die.
###Chapter 57: THE MONSTER ATTACK (2)
Chapter 57: THE MONSTER ATTACK (2)
Time went still for Iris when she saw how both the lycan and the monster were trying to dominate one another. Despite being in chains, the lycan didn’t back down at all and there she was, the runt, in the middle of an impending fight. 
She didn’t know how long both of them could hold this status quo until someone came. No one knew they were here, aside from the beta and gamma, but the two must be busy trying to control the situation with the attack on the pack house. 
Iris gulped down, she fiddled with her fingers nervously, but she was standing closer to the lycan than the monster and when one more roar from the monster rattled the hut, Iris jumped back, until her back was pressed against the lycan’s chest. 
She felt scared out of her mind right now. 
And unfortunately for her, the situation didn’t last long, as the brinetallon charged forward, despite how ferocious the lycan snarled. Iris had to cover her ears when the lycan let out an ear- piercing roar. It was so powerful that the monster halted, but it didn’t back down. 
Now, with Iris’ back pressed against the lycan’s chest, she could feel his rumbling growl in his chest, while the brinetallon was only three steps away from her. She glanced at the silver chains that bound the lycan and realized that he was trying to free himself, yet it was not as easy as the other night, since they doubled the number of chains they used. 
Iris trembled in fear when the brinetallon decided to attack, disregarding the vicious lycan, the monster’s target was very clear, it wanted Iris, as one of his heads focused on the lycan, while the other one kept tabs on Iris. 
"Arghh!!!" Iris screamed at the top of her lungs and turned around, pressing her body against the lycan when she saw the brinetallon charge forward, as its tail slapped the ground. 
There was no way to escape and now she braced herself for the pain. 
However, at the same time, the lycan managed to free one of his hands, as he wrapped his arm around Iris’ body and the other grabbed one of the brinetallon’s heads, breaking its neck with a sickening sound. 
Iris felt the lycan strong arm around her body, pressing her closer to him, but it was almost suffocating, because this cursed shifter didn’t know how to control his strength. 
The lycan then threw the Brinetallon away, smashing its body against the wall. The monster whimpered, as it was clear that one of its heads had died. It limped to the other side. 
In this case, it wouldn’t take long before the other head dies as well. 
Brinetallon was a strong attacker, but unable to heal once they sustained a grave injury. 
Iris opened her eyes and watched as the monster limped to the other side of the room, whimpering with a pitiful sound, which she couldn’t hear. For some reason, it was only the lycan’s voice that she could hear. 
Trembling, Iris realized that the lycan still had his strong arm wrapped around her body, but his legs were still chained. He couldn’t move from his position, nor could Iris. 
If she made a little movement, the lycan would growl viciously, almost like throwing a warning until she stayed still. 
From the corner of her eyes, Iris could see that the brinetallon had finally stopped moving as it fell to the ground, seemingly dead because one of its heads had been crushed. 
It was supposed to give relief to Iris, but she couldn’t relax when she was literally in the arms of another dangerous creature. 
She prayed to whatever Gods that would listen to her that dusk would break soon as she couldn’t wait for the sun to rise. 
========================= 
Jace shifted back into his human form when he had ensured that every monster had been killed and the last wave of monsters had drifted back to the Goffa mountain. 
Most of the servants went to the underground shelter, but a few people didn’t make it there and mostly the villagers, who didn’t have a bunker in their houses, died during this attack. It was a catastrophe, people died on the streets and the smell of blood was very thick in the air. This scene was almost the same as the time when Cane waged a war against the Blue Moon pack and annihilated the alpha. 
However, there was a stark difference; they didn’t kill the villagers. 
But this time, even on the streets they would see children dead with their parents crying beside their dead bodies, or children crying over their dead parents and siblings. 
All of this happened overnight, no one had imagined something like this would happen to them. 
They had been informed about the increase of the activity of the monsters in the Goffa mountain, but they didn’t expect such a massive attack. It hadn’t happened at least in the last few decades. 
"How could this happen...?" Ethan looked in disbelief at his surroundings, he was drenched in blood, dirt and whatnot. He went crazy when he killed those monsters, but still, it didn’t help much. Many people died tonight. 
"Where is the alpha?! Why is the alpha not here?!" One of the guards approached the beta. "Is the alpha fighting somewhere? We need to find him and make sure that he is fine!" 
The warriors grew anxious during the fight because they couldn’t see their alpha and even though Jace had taken the lead, they couldn’t help but wonder about the alpha’s whereabouts. 
Those warriors didn’t think that the alpha had fled from the scene. The only thing in their minds was; the alpha was hurt and couldn’t join the fight. There was no way their alpha would flee from such trepidation. They were used to following the alpha’s lead and watching him head first to the battlefield. 
"He is fine, I think we need to wrap up here and strengthen the fortification around the mines, just in case there is another wave of attack," Jace started to give out the orders, but he talked to Ethan in a low voice when no one could listen to them. "Go to the hut and check the situation there. I will handle it here." 
"Got it." Ethan then rushed back to the pack house, passing many dead bodies in the front yard and the hallway. The monsters managed to reach the pack house and he became more and more anxious at this fact. 
Something could have completely gone wrong. 
Ethan hastened his steps toward the hut and his heart sank when he saw the broken down door, claw marks on its front. 
He prayed that nothing had happened inside, but he became more agitated when he smelled blood from inside the basement. 
His legs stopped moving when he saw a brinetallon on the ground, at the corner of the room, the monster seemed to be dead. 
Almost immediately, Ethan’s eyes scoured the room and found the lycan with Iris in his arms. He took a step back, ready to shift into his beast, but then he saw the chains on his legs had not yet been broken, which meant the lycan couldn’t move from his place. It seemed only the chains on his hands had been broken. 
"Iris!" Ethan called the girl, as she didn’t move. Did she die? Did the lycan kill her? "Iris!" he called her name again, but then he felt stupid, because he remembered that Iris couldn’t hear him. "Damn it..." he grumbled. 
It was only an hour before the sunrise and the lycan didn’t seem to care about Ethan’s presence, as his focus was on the young girl in his arms. He cradled her attentively, letting out a low growl every now and then. 
Yet, no matter how calm the lycan looked, Ethan couldn’t take a risk and approach him carelessly. He needed to wait until dusk. 
"Why is he like that?" Ethan muttered under his breath. 
It felt like an eternity before the sun rose and the lycan gradually shifted back into his human form, until it was only the alpha, who was cradling Iris in his arms. 
Cane’s eyes returned to their normal dark color, as he stared at Iris with a mix of confusion and bewilderment, he could vaguely remember how he had held her all night like this. 
Her scent, the warmth of her body, helped to alleviate his pain. The pain was still there, but with Iris in his arms, it was bearable and he could feel his mind was clearer, even though he was in lycan form. 
How could that happen? And why? Did it happen only with her? 
Cane could answer the last question for sure that the lycan only reacted to her presence. Her scent could quench his thirst for blood and violence and with him touching her, keeping her close, he could remain as humane as he could in his cursed beast form. 
What was it with her? 
"Cane," Ethan called him, as he entered the room again, after he saw the alpha had regained his senses. 
Cane slowly tore his attention from Iris’ sleeping face. She was breathing slowly. 
"Is she still alive?" Ethan asked carefully, as he approached the alpha and observed Iris. He saw the rhythmic rise and fall of her chest. "She is alive." He answered his own question, but then his expression turned serious. "There is something important that you need to know." 
=========================== 
Iris opened her eyes groggily, as she looked at her surroundings and noticed she was in her own room. 
She rubbed her face roughly and pushed herself up to sit down before she touched her neck. There was no pain, which meant the lycan didn’t bite her again, right? She checked herself briefly, but didn’t feel any pain at all, only her muscles were a little bit stiff. 
"Miss! You have woken up!" Hanna immediately rushed toward her and hugged her, she was sobbing already and this made Iris smile, hugging her back and feeling the warmth from her body. 
She remembered what happened last night and now she could breathe in relief knowing that Hanna was unharmed. 
"I am so worried!" She stifled a cry. "I thought something bad had happened to you when I saw the gamma brought you back, unconscious. I thought you didn’t make it to the shelter and became a victim of the attack." Hanna rubbed her face. "I looked for you in the underground shelter, but couldn’t find you." 
"I am with the alpha, remember?" Iris reminded her, she felt so grateful to have Hanna with her. 
"Yes... but..." Hanna wanted to say that the alpha would gladly give her to the monsters and wouldn’t care less about her well being, but it sounded so bold. "I am glad that you are fine. But, you slept through a full day and night." 
Iris frowned. She didn’t think she had slept that long. "How long have I been sleeping?" 
"A day. The attack happened yesterday." 
Iris looked at the bright sunlight that streamed into the room through the window. "How could the monsters reach the pack house?" 
"I don’t know, but the alpha and the other higher ranking shifters are trying to figure that out, I guess it is not easy, because there were so many victims because of that massive attack." 
Hanna then told her about what happened when she was unconscious. 
"Now all the people are busy cleaning up after the mess, burying the dead, strengthening the fortification around the mines and healing those who got poisoned by the tail of the brinetallon." 
No one had a good sleep and all of them were grieving, trying to support one another and help the injured. 
"Where are you going?" Hanna asked when she saw Iris was about to get off the bed. 
"I will help too." Iris felt the urge to help them, though she wouldn’t be much of help, but there must be something that she could do. It would be fine even if she could walk back and forth just carrying a bucket of water for them.
###Chapter 58: PEOPLE LOOKED AT HER STRANGELY
Chapter 58: PEOPLE LOOKED AT HER STRANGELY
"But, you just woke up." Hanna immediately stood up and followed Iris, who changed her dress into a simple one, so she could move around freely. "You need to rest more."
"I am fine. It only means I have rested enough, right?" Iris smiled softly to reassure Hanna, as she changed her dress. Aside from her stiff muscles, she didn’t feel any pain. "I want to help. They are our people too, right?" 
As they were still in the Blue Moon pack, most of the people that had died during the attack, except for the warriors, were not members of the Howling Wolf pack. 
In the end, Hanna didn’t have any other choice but to follow her. She led her to the front yard, where the alpha had opened the gates and built a few huge tents for those who were poisoned by the brinetallon’s venom, because it could be fatal to the shifters, especially the younger ones. Their healing ability couldn’t heal them quick enough before the venom reached their hearts and killed them. 
At the front yard, there were seven huge tents, three tents for the patients poisoned by the venom of the brinetallon, two tents for those who were injured severely and the other two for the dead bodies, waiting to be buried, as they listed the people who had died and their families. 
This attack resulted in a lot of children without parents and right now, they were in the warrior’s dormitory, staying there until the alpha made his decision, where he would place those children. 
Iris saw Amee from afar, she was talking to Grace, the healer, thus she walked toward her and greeted both of them. 
"What can you do to help?" Grace looked at her skeptically. 
"I know, I am not proficient with herbs, but I can help with feeding them and changing their bandages." Iris was so eager to help. 
"I don’t need your help," Grace said, as she turned on her heel before walking away. 
"It’s okay, miss. You still need to rest," Hanna said cheerfully, trying to lighten up Iris’ mood after the rejection, but she was not yet done. 
Iris then turned toward Amee, who was still standing there. "Amee, I am sure there is something that I can do to help you guys." Iris looked around her. "There are not many healers in the Blue Moon pack and Grace is the only healer in the Howling Wolf pack, moreover, there were many servants and slaves that died during the attack. I just want to help." 
Amee looked conflicted. She was right, they were short of helping hands and any help would be appreciated, but she was not sure how to make this decision. "You can end up sick and become a patient instead." 
"I am not that weak," Iris interjected, but then she knew that she would easily fall sick. "I can handle myself and will try not to add to your burden." 
It needed a lot of convincing from Iris to finally make Amee relent and then give her a task. 
"I need people to change the bandages, because the wounds from the brinetallon’s tail makes the flesh rot very fast and we need to change the bandage and apply ointment every three hours. You can go to that tent and ask Grilla about the patients that need to be changed. There are around thirty people inside the tent." Amee pointed to one of the tents not too far from them. 
"Okay, I will do it." Iris smiled brightly and then rushed toward the tent that Amee had pointed out. 
Meanwhile, the old lady stood there, staring at the young woman’s back, her auburn hair was braided behind her back and she looked so skinny for a young woman around her age. She was a runt after all. 
But then, Amee still couldn’t imagine that the girl’s father was the one who had put them through those hellish days, when she was so caring and gentle. 
Amee shook her head, there were a lot of things that she needed to do. 
On the other hand, Iris immediately found Grilla, the head of servants, inside the tent. She was instructing someone to bring a bucket of cold water because there were five warriors that got a fever from the venom. 
"You are here to help?" Grilla furrowed her brows. "The last time I heard, you are the luna of this pack." She was mocking Iris when she called her the luna, because all of them knew what kind of pact that the alpha needed to make for her to become the luna of the pack. They resented Iris for that. 
Iris became nervous. "Isn’t that all the more reason for me to help? Because I am the luna of the pack?" She asked in a matter of fact tone. 
Grilla calculated the situation and she indeed needed a helping hand here. "Okay. You can bring cold water and wipe down those five men, make sure their bodies are not too hot and change their bandages too in an hour. Make sure you change their bandages every three hours. After you have done that, come to me and I will give you more tasks." 
Hanna wanted to complain because it was too much to ask Iris to do that, but she immediately agreed. 
"Okay, I will do it." Iris nodded, she took this task seriously. 
"I will get the cold water for you," Hanna said and immediately went to fetch a bucket of water, while Iris checked on the five men. All of them looked miserable, as they writhed in pain. The wounds from the brinetallon’s tail had turned blue. 
"Let me know if the wounds turned darker, because we need to amputate the affected part before the venom reaches their hearts." Grilla grimaced. "It will be the end of them as a warrior." 
Iris flinched at the incitement. She knew nothing about this monster’s venom, but if the victim had to get amputated in order to stay alive, Iris was grateful the lycan killed the monster without so much of a fight. 
"Understood." Iris nodded and checked on the five men, making sure none of them had to go through such a fate. She knew well how proud they were to be the warriors of the pack. Even the stable boy wanted to be a warrior when he grew up, unfortunately, because of her, he couldn’t even reach that age. 
Not long after that, Hanna returned with a bucket of cold water and both of them started to wipe the five men, while the other people took care of the other twenty five. Hanna wanted to help them as well when Iris said that she could handle it, and she just needed Hanna to bring another bucket of cold water. 
========================= 
"The destruction is very severe." Jace approached the alpha, as both of them inspected the fortification around the mines. 
To build this stronghold alone, they needed a lot of money, while their funds were a little bit strained, not to mention the houses that were destroyed during the attack and also the fund for medicine for those who were injured. This would hurt their finances. 
"You can’t build the two packs at the same time, Cane. In this situation, you should let go of the Blue Moon pack." 
"Their resources are too valuable to let go. We don’t have a strong economy back in the Howling Wolf pack either." Due to bad management, the Howling Wolf pack was almost dead. The only income that they got was by selling slaves and providing prostitution services alongside a gambling area, which was led by none other than the members of the Howling Wolf pack itself. 
"We can get all the resources here and build our own pack." 
"Do you mean you want to abandon the people here, while we rob them of their fortune?" 
"I know that sounds so awful, but you need to choose. You can’t build two packs, at the very least, you need to save one of those." The damages from last night’s attack were too great for them to handle. 
Hearing that, Cane didn’t say anything and Jace added more information. 
"We can’t rely on the mines, Stone said himself that the production has decreased greatly these past two months. The demand is high, but we can’t meet their numbers." It was hard to find the magic stones, especially when there was a conflict between the slaves and the slave trainers every now and then. 
Most of the mining slaves were the warriors from the Blue Moon pack and their pride and ego hurt to do this job. 
"Magic stones..." Cane contemplated for a while over what Jace said. "Call Iris here." 
Jace frowned, but then his eyes lit up. "Do you think she can find a lot of magic stones?" 
=============================== 
Iris was keeping tabs on the five men, as she didn’t want them to lose their arms or legs, they were unconscious and would occasionally whimper in pain. 
Iris kept them hydrated by wetting the towel and dabbing it on their lips, so the water could seep into their mouths. She diligently changed their bandages and applied ointment. 
People there looked at her skeptically at first, mocking her for trying so hard to look good. They didn’t believe she was genuine about what she was doing, but Iris didn’t hear that, she couldn’t hear them. 
This was the first time for her to be grateful to actually being unable to hear, so she didn’t need to be hurt by what they were saying, after all, she knew how they felt about her and no matter what she did, they would only see her that way. 
Thus, she focused her attention on the five men in her care. 
Iris didn’t realize that the sun had set and it had been the third time she was in the tent, which meant, more or less, she had been here for eight hours and her stomach was rumbling. She was hungry, but she was afraid to ask where she could get food. 
Right now, because the five men had been taken care of and their fever had subsided, she was helping the other patients by changing their bandages or grinding herbs with Grilla or Amee, who would come occasionally. 
All of the people there looked at her strangely, because they expected her to give up within one or two hours, but the fact that she was still there even after the sun set made them frown. 
"Miss Iris, you need to eat." Hanna came with two bowls of warm porridge, she approached her and pulled her to the side, as she told her to put down the herbs. "You will not be able to help anyone if you fall sick yourself." 
Iris put down the herbs and followed Hanna outside the tent, as they sat down on the ground, a little bit away from the commotion. 
Hanna had asked for permission for her and Iris from Grilla to go and eat. 
"Here, this is not tasty, but at least, we have something to eat. It seems the pack has trouble with food because the attack last night destroyed our food reserves." Hanna sighed. 
Iris looked at the bland porridge. It was warm, but the look of it made her frown, yet she didn’t have any other choice. It was either eating this bland porridge or staying hungry. 
The taste must not be as bad as it looked... 
However, she was wrong. The taste was way worse than anything that she had ever eaten, but Hanna ate it without much difficulty, thus Iris could only swallow the porridge. After all, she was hungry. 
Before her second spoon, Jace came toward her. It was easy for the beta to find her because he remembered her scent. 
"The alpha is looking for you," Jace said, as he saw Iris lift her head and look at him. 
"Why?" Iris felt her stomach rumbling, wanting that not so delicious bland porridge. "But, I am eating." 
"You can eat later, get up and follow me. This is more important." 
Reluctantly, Iris got up and followed the beta.
###Chapter 59: TREASURE
Chapter 59: TREASURE
Jace took Iris to the mines, where Cane had been waiting for her. 
They went further away from the area where she used to dig the ground or any rock there to find the magic stones in this barren site. 
This was the first time for Iris to look at the fortification that was built for their protection against the monsters from the Goffa mountain up close. There was a huge hole there, which was now being repaired. 
Iris came closer to Cane and from a closer look, she could see how haggard he was and how his complexion didn’t seem good, yet his eyes were sharp as ever. 
"Alpha," Jace called the alpha to get his attention, because he was talking to someone right now. Cane turned around and looked at Iris, walking behind the beta. He immediately wrapped up whatever conversation that he was having with the man. 
"Report to me as soon as possible," Cane said and sent the man away, before he focused on Iris. "Can you find the stones?" He asked without even offering a simple greeting to Iris. His bluntness was really something. 
Iris nodded. She knew about the struggles of this pack, since she learned about it here and there and also thanks to Hanna, who always filled her with information. Regardless of it being useful or not, she would always keep her well informed. 
"Can you find forty five magic stones?" Cane asked without hesitation. 
"Forty five?" Iris widened her eyes. 
For now, they only had fifteen magic stones in total, while they needed to gather sixty of them to meet the demand and if they didn’t meet it within a week, they would have to get them from Red Claw pack, which had the biggest mining site in this continent. 
If the Howling Wolf pack and Blue Moon pack shared a mining site, then the Red Claws had one for themselves, therefore, they were the richest pack in the continent. 
In other words, if this merchant didn’t get the deal with the Howling Wolf pack, they would lose the buyer, it would take time to get a big merchant like this, while they really needed money now. 
"You can’t?" Cane looked at her impassively, while Jace was also waiting for her answer. 
"I can." Iris sensed more than that in the mining site, but still forty five was a big number. 
On the other hand, the beta was visibly relieved to hear that, which made Iris frown slightly with that expression. 
"I want you to point out where to find those magic stones. I will ask people to dig that spot." Cane wanted to get it done now and didn’t want to waste any time, thus he ordered Jace to gather forty five men and come to him immediately. 
However, before Jace left to get the order done, Iris stopped them. 
"Are you short of money?" She caught up to it quickly and since she learned that Cane didn’t like to beat around the bush when he talked, she didn’t want to upset him either, especially when there was no other polite way to ask about this. 
A moment of awkward silence stretched before Cane replied to that. "Yes. Trying to get two, almost destroyed, packs back to floating, eventually takes a toll on the savings." He assumed Iris must have caught on to the situation. She was quite witty. 
"Why don’t you use the Blue Moon pack’s treasure?" She didn’t think that they would hit rock bottom like this if they had used the treasure, but then probably they didn’t know about it. 
"What treasure?" Jace asked her, he looked so intrigued about this, so did the alpha, even though he didn’t show it on his expression. 
"Blue Moon pack’s treasure. From what I heard, my father took all the treasure from the Howling Wolf pack and combined it with the Blue Moon pack’s. There must be a lot there. I used to hear Mason bragging about how our fortune will not deplete even if they partied every night." She knew all of that because they were so careless to give her sensitive information, while calling her how stupid she was. 
To be fair, a runt like her, who was banned from socializing with other people, couldn’t do anything with such sensitive information. 
"In that case, where is the treasure?" Because Jace was in charge of handling their expenditure, he became greedy to know more about this money. 
"I know where it is, but I don’t know how to open it," Iris replied in a matter of fact tone. "I think there is some kind of key or something to open the door." 
"Lead the way." Cane didn’t waste much time. It was way better than digging forty five magic stones, if they had ready money at their disposal to rebuild the village and fortification. 
"The place is in the pack house." Iris glanced at Cane. "Actually, it is inside your bedroom." 
The bedroom that the alpha occupied right now was the previous alpha’s bedroom, therefore, it made sense for the treasure to actually be there. 
Cane and the other people had been looking for this and they even asked Mason, but the man was so stubborn, thinking that he had nothing to lose. In his opinion, he would be tortured anyway, thus why he should give them the fortune. 
Not even for a moment did Cane think about Iris. Since her involvement with her father and brother was so low, he thought she knew nothing. 
Finally, they went back to the pack house and along the way, Iris could feel her stomach hurting a little bit. She was hungry. It was safe to say that the last time she ate food was when she had a hard bread that Hanna gave her this afternoon when she woke up. 
However, she didn’t dare to complain about that. 
"Here, inside the spare room." Iris entered the spare room first. She had occupied this place for a week when she was whipped by the mistress and a few days before that, thus she could see the bookshelf that Mason talked about. "Mason said there is a room behind this bookshelf." 
There was only one bookshelf in this room, thus she couldn’t be mistaken. 
The alpha then asked Aderan to get more guards to tear down the wall behind the bookshelf along with the bookshelf, as it couldn’t be moved. Seemed like the bookshelf itself was the door to the secret chamber of treasure. 
Four guards came with sledge hammers, as they started to work on it. 
The spare room was not that big, thus aside from the four guards, the alpha and the beta, Iris and Aderan went out of the room. 
But then, someone tapped her shoulder and when she turned around she found a young maid servant carrying a bowl of warm porridge, but this time there was meat on top of it. 
"The alpha said to bring this to you," the young maid servant said politely, as she handed the bowl to her. 
"The alpha?" Iris was surprised, she saw him giving one of the guards instructions on their way here, but she didn’t know what he had talked about, since he had his back to her. "Oh, thank you," Iris muttered and then received the bowl. Did the alpha hear how her stomach was growling? 
The young servant excused herself and disappeared behind the closed door. 
On the other hand, Aderan only gave her a side glance and then focused back on the progress of their findings, while Iris went to sit down at the corner table and ate there silently. The porridge was still bland, but it tasted better with this small portion of meat. 
Iris was enjoying her meal when she saw Aderan rushing into the room frantically and because she couldn’t hear the commotion there, she didn’t know what happened, yet she could make a guess about it. 
However, she was eating right now and she didn’t want to lose a chance to eat like before, thus she chose to stay there and ate her meal slowly. After all, if they managed to find the treasury, they didn’t need her again, right? 
Halfway through her meal, Cane suddenly sat down across from her, which made her lift her head and look at him. She stopped eating. 
"What else do you know about this pack?" Cane asked. He observed Iris’ expression when she answered him.
"I don’t know much. I was not allowed to go out of my bedroom and meet people. I happened to know that secret treasury because Mason always bragged about the money inside saying if he became the alpha one day, he would inherit that fortune and throw a party every night. He bragged about the secret place and when I was there, I saw only one bookshelf, so I am sure the treasure is inside." 
Based on Mason’s character, it was a high possibility that he was the one who would blabber about such an important thing. 
"Is it really there?" Iris asked out of curiosity. 
"Do you want to see?" 
"Can I?" 
Cane didn’t say anything when he stood up, thus Iris assumed this was his way of telling her to follow him and it was what she did. 
She walked two steps behind him toward the spare room and saw a huge hole in the wall, the four guards were trying to clean the debris. 
Iris poked her head inside the hidden room and gasped in surprise to see the treasure inside. There was indeed a lot of money. At least, Mason was not just bragging about it. With this money, he really could throw a party every night. 
Thankfully, this treasure wouldn’t be wasted in such a deranged way. 
From the corner of her eyes, Iris could see how pleased Jace was. He didn’t need to toughen up in his expenditure and it was rather funny to see how he was smiling from ear to ear. 
Meanwhile, the four guards chatted happily with each other about how they had never seen so much money in their whole lives. 
However, Cane didn’t have much change of expression. 
Iris didn’t venture further inside and only stood at what was supposed to be the door, but after looking around for a moment, she backed away. 
"I think I don’t need to find the forty five stones anymore, right?" Iris approached Cane and asked. 
"You will go to the mines tomorrow with Ethan and find the forty five stones," Cane replied calmly, before he left, leaving Iris there, stunned. 
The deal with the merchant was also important. At least, Cane learned that it would benefit them in the long run if they were on good terms with the merchant, especially when they could find the magic stones easily now with Iris here. 
Iris looked at Cane’s retreating back and Jace followed after him, after that, it was only the four guards and Aderan, who were there. 
Not sure of what to do and since there was nothing that she could do by staying behind, Iris walked out of the room and went to the front yard. She needed to change the bandages of the five men, it had been three hours since she changed them last. 
"What are you doing here?" Grilla asked Iris when she saw the young woman enter the tent. Everyone had returned to their quarters to sleep, only a few people were still there to check on the thirty patients. 
"I need to change the bandages," Iris replied, as she entered the tent and went straight to the five men she was in charge of and started to work on their bandages. 
People who saw her there were frowning, they would never think that Iris would be so dedicated to this. It was already late and even if she didn’t show up, no one would look for her. 
But there she was, taking care of those five men diligently, when she was the luna of the pack. 
"Are you sure she is Gerald’s daughter?" A young woman approached Grilla, as she stared at Iris. "Or is she only pretending to be nice?"
###Chapter 60: HELPING OUT THE PACK
Chapter 60: HELPING OUT THE PACK
"Are you sure she is Gerald’s daughter?" A young woman approached Grilla, as she stared at Iris. "Or is she just pretending to be nice?" 
Grilla shook her head. "I don’t know," she replied in a small voice, but she intended to look at her closely. 
Meanwhile, Iris was not aware of what they were talking about, she only thought that they were mocking or cursing her for being there, which she was already used to and now, she only focused on what she was doing. 
Attentively, she removed the bandages and cleaned up the rotten flesh and applied ointment, before she bandaged the wounds again. She had done it thrice before, so the fourth time was much easier for her. 
However, the fifth man stirred and opened his eyes. Iris was surprised, but offered him a smile. She just put on ointment and only needed to bandage him again, but seeing he woke up, she offered to give him a glass of water, thinking he must be thirsty after being unconscious for so long. 
Iris swiftly washed her hands and poured a glass of water for him. 
"Here, you must be thirsty," Iris said warmly, as she brought the glass close to his lips, but to her surprise, he swatted her hand away, which caused the glass to shatter on the ground. It attracted attention from the people around, some patients stirred awake because of the disturbance. 
"DON’T TOUCH ME!" The man roared in anger, the way he looked at her, as if he was going to kill her, made Iris jolt and stand up. She took a few steps back out of fear. "Don’t touch me, you monster!" 
The last thing that he knew was; he was fighting a monster and got injured, only to wake up and see the daughter of alpha Gerald. His mind was racing back to the days of his slavery and he couldn’t control his emotions, despite his body aching all over. 
It was a fact that nobody would ever get over what happened on those dark days. 
"GET OUT!" The man screamed and became even more ferocious when Iris didn’t move. 
It was not that she didn’t want to go from there, but she was too afraid to move, her body didn’t want to cooperate with her, her leg was cut when he pushed the glass to the ground, but she didn’t feel the pain, she was stunned. 
"Come here," Grilla said, as she pulled Iris away, out of the tent, while the others tried to calm the man down. 
Once they were outside, the cold night breeze hit her face and it made her able to breathe again. Iris was hyperventilating without her knowing it. 
Grilla gave her a glass of water to calm her down, which she ended up finishing in one go. She felt slightly better now, but the panic was still there. 
"I- I didn’t do anything to him... I just gave him a glass of water." Iris was afraid that Grilla would think that she was trying to harm the man, without that accusation alone, she had been hated enough. 
"I know, I know..." Grilla said in an attempt to calm her down, because she was stuttering now. "That man is named Avid. He had it hard in your father’s reign, so the sight of you must have triggered something in him." 
"Wh- what happened to him?" Iris knew that she shouldn’t ask. Nothing good would come out of this and even if she knew, there was nothing that she could do to change other people’s views of her. 
Grilla sighed deeply. "Your father used his parents, his siblings and himself as bait to lure the monsters out, but he was the only survivor. He watched his family get killed and he couldn’t help them." 
The guilty feeling as a survivor was something real, which you couldn’t simply put aside and her father had this penchant of making other people feeling helpless and desperate, making them lose all hope that they had, shattering even the tiniest bit of light for them to live on. 
Thus, it would be their minds that died first before their bodies followed. 
"Go and take a rest. I can’t let you in any longer, but if you still want to help, I can put you somewhere." Grilla watched how Iris was crying silently, she wiped her tears roughly, so she still could read what she said. "Now go back and rest." 
The sight of her crying like this didn’t settle well with her. It shook the whole image that they had built around her, since it would be Gerald’s shadow that shrouded her every time they looked at this young woman. 
Iris nodded and wiped her tears again, before she muttered a ’thank you’ and then walked away toward the pack house. 
She sniffled on her way to her bedroom. She really wanted to know why her father and brother were so cruel as she had to bear the brunt of something that she didn’t do now. They hated her for what they had done. 
The path ahead of her was slightly blurry because of tears, yet because she had been living in this place for twenty years, it was not hard for her to find her way around. 
When Iris entered her bedroom, Hanna had been waiting, she looked worried and Iris felt bad to make her feel that way. 
"I will prepare a warm bath, okay? You will feel better after that," Hanna said. She didn’t ask what happened, because she could see how distraught Iris was right now. 
After that, she prepared a bath for her missy. 
At least, Hanna was right about one thing; after taking a bath, Iris felt slightly better and easily fell asleep, but her nightmares still troubled her. 
Early in the morning, she was woken up by Hanna, who told her that Ethan was waiting outside the door, he said that they needed to go to the mines. 
"Now?" Iris looked around and realized the sky was still so gloomy, which meant she didn’t even sleep for three hours completely. 
"Yes. He said he wants you to hurry," Hanna said, sounding almost apologetic because she knew how tired Iris was, but she couldn’t turn the gamma down. "I told him that you will need fifteen minutes to get ready, since you came so late last night." 
Iris thanked her and immediately got off the bed and prepared herself. Hanna helped her to braid her long, curly hair, so it wouldn’t get in the way. 
"Do you want me to come with you?" Hanna asked out of concern. 
"No, it’s okay." Iris had told Hanna about what happened and what she would do later in the mining site. "I don’t think it will take a long time. I will see you in the front yard." 
"I heard what happened last night," Hanna said sadly, as she brushed her hair. "I thought you had returned to the bedroom, that’s why I was waiting for you here. I didn’t think that you would change the bandages first. How foolish of me." 
"Don’t blame yourself, Hanna. I really thank you for what you have done for me." Iris kissed the back of her hand, which was resting on her shoulder. "I am so happy for you to be by my side." 
"You deserve all the happiness in the world, miss." Hanna kissed her head and finished her braid. 
"So do you." 
And after that, Iris met with Ethan, who looked annoyed because he had to wait for her and only nodded when she apologized. 
Both of them then entered the carriage. No one talked during this carriage ride, though Iris could feel his eyes on her several times, as if he wanted to strike a conversation, but he didn’t know where to begin. 
However, Iris pretended that she didn’t see anything and fixed her eyes on the road, where houses were severely destroyed and people were busy building their places again. 
The money must be enough to cover all of it, albeit it would need effort and time, they would be fine. 
Ethan tapped Iris’ knee to get her attention before he spoke. "Since when do you know about your ability?" 
Iris tried to think about that. "Since I was put in the mining site. That was my first time there, so I didn’t know before that." 
Ethan frowned deeper, as if he was thinking so hard about it. "Do you really think that you can find forty five stones in the mining site?" 
"Yes." Iris nodded, he seemed to be in disbelief when she answered this immediately, without even thinking twice, but his expression was really amusing to her. 
"How many magic stones do you think are inside the mines?" Ethan couldn’t stop asking. This girl intrigued him and if she could make money for them, it was a great thing, since they couldn’t torture her, because now she was the luna. 
Despite it not being official yet, since they needed to go to the capital city and get the blessing ceremony done in the temple, before she could be recognized as Cane’s mate and the luna of the pack, they needed to treat her with a little bit of respect for her title. 
"There are many stones there. Maybe hundreds of them..." Iris contemplated for a while, because she was not sure about the exact number. 
"Hundreds of stones?" Ethan raised his brows. "You can find them all?" 
"I can sense them, I think I can find them." 
"What do you sense?" Ethan couldn’t help barraging her with questions, because on the other hand, it was so funny for him as well. Only if alpha Gerald knew that his daughter could find those precious stones so easily, he wouldn’t have locked her in her room and would have put her in the mining site day and night instead. 
In the end, they ended up chatting during the rest of their trip to the mining site and Iris was happy that Ethan warmed up to her a little bit. 
However, once they arrived, it seemed something snapped in Ethan and he put back his cold demeanor, as if he forgot that he was not supposed to be so friendly with her. 
"We are here," he said curtly, as he got down from the carriage and walked ahead. He didn’t even slow down his pace, so Iris had to half run to follow him. 
When they entered the mining site, Stone had been waiting for them along with the forty five men that he could gather. 
Iris was glad that he looked fine after the attack, but she didn’t see Ania. She glanced around, but couldn’t find the little girl. 
Stone noticed that, but he didn’t say anything.
"You can start now," Ethan told her and Iris started to point out the spots she could sense the magic stones at. 
It took around two hours for her to point out all the forty five magic stones that were still buried deep inside the rocks. 
"How can you do that?" Stone asked, as he handed her a glass of water, which she was grateful for. 
Iris smiled warmly at him. "I don’t know, I just knew about it." 
Stone scoffed. "At least, you are not as useless as your brother." 
Iris didn’t know how to respond to that. Was that a compliment? 
After she was done in the mining site, Ethan told her to leave on the same carriage that brought them there, while he would stay behind to oversee the fortress construction. 
Iris left and asked to be dropped at the front yard, where she wanted to look for Grilla. She told her to come to her if she still wanted to help, because she couldn’t work in that tent anymore. 
However, before Iris could find the old lady, Aria had found her first. She shrieked when she saw her there. 
"What are you doing here?!" Aria approached her with long strides, her eyes ablaze with anger at the sight of Iris. "Who do you think you are to be here!?" 
The mistress was seething, as if she was going to shift and attack her.
###Chapter 61: AN ANGEL
Chapter 61: AN ANGEL
Aria got irritated when she heard about what happened to Iris last night. The reason for her annoyance was that she was trying to look good in front of other people by helping them out in their time of need. 
But on the other hand, Aria was too shaken up from that attack and had locked herself in her bedroom. She ran to the underground shelter when she heard about the monster attack and stayed there with the others. 
She had been staying in her bedroom, recovering from the shock, but out there, Iris was trying to play luna with everyone. 
She was glad that someone snapped at her and put her in her place, but the fact that she helped them didn’t sit well with her. 
Therefore, today she forced herself to get out of the bed and helped around the tent, though she was so reluctant to look after these people and she had been talking about how Iris didn’t come today because Avid had made her pretense fall. 
However, they said Iris’ absence was because the alpha ordered her to go to the mines. 
And here she was again... 
"What are you doing here?!" Aria approached her with long strides, her eyes ablaze with anger at the sight of Iris. "Who do you think you are to be here!?" 
Iris flinched when she was reprimanded openly in front of so many people. She didn’t like to be the center of attention, especially in this kind of situation. 
"Go away!" Aria said loudly and viciously. "Nobody wants you here!" She looked around her and was satisfied because she had gathered a lot of attention. "Do you really think that by helping us now you can make us like you!?" 
Iris looked around her and the fierce gazes that they sported her made her panic. So much hatred and hostility radiated from them and she found herself hyperventilating. 
In order to not escalate the situation, Iris decided to go from the scene. She came here because she wanted to help them, but it seemed her presence was not welcomed at all. 
However, that was a wrong move, since Aria didn’t want to let it slide. She got the audience and the attention that she wanted, this was a perfect place to humiliate her. 
If she couldn’t torture her, at least, she could make people hate her even more. They needed to remember how they lost their families and how their lives were in the past ten years. 
"I am not done yet!" Aria grabbed her arm and turned her around. Her grip was so strong. She was a shifter after all, thus it was not easy to free herself from her. "Do you really think you are the luna and now you are trying to act like one!? Do you really think we have forgotten what your father had put us through the last ten years?! How many times do we have to grieve like this because our family, friends, and mates were killed by your cold blooded father and brother?!" 
Aria knew how to stir the situation, she rode the grievances of the people here, who lost their precious ones during the attack a few nights ago and channeled it to their former hatred and grievances of what they had to endure, the unfairness and abuse that they suffered under the hands of alpha Gerald and Mason, also the five alphas. 
It didn’t take long before the situation became so tense as they started cursing at Iris. They vented out their sadness, sorrow and hardships on her, since it was easier for them to have someone to blame for all the misfortunes that they had to suffer. 
And Iris was the perfect target. 
"She is pretending to be nice to you because she wants to get your sympathy! Do you really think she is doing this out of the kindness of her heart?!" Aria felt enthusiastic to feel the negative emotions from the people around her. She could use this to make them rally behind her. "Do you really believe that she has kindness in her heart?! She is the daughter of Alpha Gerald, the very same person that enslaved us for a decade!" 
Iris tried to free her hand from Aria’s grip, but she was too strong and she felt like she bruised her wrist by now with how strongly she held her. 
But then, she felt sharp pain on her shoulder, she shrieked and found out someone had hurled a rock at her. 
"Your father killed my mate!" A young man glared at Iris. He was the one who had hurled the rock at her. "How can you still be alive and well?!" 
And then another rock hit Iris’ forehead this time. "Your brother killed my son!" 
And that one reaction caused a series of reactions from the people around them, as they did the same thing, they picked up rocks and hurled them at Iris. 
Seeing how the situation escalated, Aria felt ecstatic. Her eyes were so bright when she finally took a step back and watched how people around them hurled rocks at Iris, while shouting their grievances. 
They were not mentally stable, as they had to lose their family members or had their precious ones injured, thus it was easy to provoke them and make them direct their hatred at Iris. 
"Your brother raped my daughter!" 
"Your father killed my entire family! You should have died along with your father!" 
"Go to hell with your wicked father!" 
"You are a useless bitch! You should be whipped until you die!" 
"I don’t want to breathe the same air as you!" 
"You will never be our luna!" 
"Even after your father died, he still tortured us! You are not a luna for me! Go to hell!" 
"Why should you torture the alpha by making him take you as his luna!? You don’t deserve him!" 
"You should be quartered like what your father did to my father!" 
There were so many insults and curses that were thrown at Iris, but there were more rocks that were hurled in her direction. 
Iris wanted to leave the scene, as she felt blood oozing out from her head, but someone would pull her back to the center of their attention again, they would kick her and throw more rocks at her. 
Her body was in so much pain, she was barely able to breath, as she curled herself on the ground. And when she felt someone kick her stomach so hard, she wanted to vomit her guts. 
"Go die! All of the people here will be happy to see you die!" 
Iris couldn’t even cry for help, her ears were ringing and her whole body was aching so badly. Someone even stepped on her fingers and used their heels to crush them. The pain was unbearable. 
She came here to help, but why did they hate her so much for something that she didn’t do? 
======================== 
Hanna went to fetch a bucket of cold water when she heard a commotion from afar, but she didn’t hasten her steps because she was carrying the bucket. 
"Let me help you." Will suddenly came over and then carried the bucket for her. 
"Oh, you don’t need to do that," Hanna politely rejected his advances and immediately tried to get the bucket back, but Will insisted. 
"It is fine, you are helping people here. I should be able to help too." 
"You are the alpha’s personal guard, you are already helping enough by protecting the alpha, because the alpha will protect his people," Hanna said, but she didn’t try to take back the bucket, because Will made it clear that he would be the one to carry it over. 
Both of them were walking side by side toward the tent now. Though there was a commotion near the tents, they chatted a little bit, because they didn’t think much of it. 
"Why are you here? I thought you were with the alpha?" He and Aderan would be often seen with the alpha and now Aderan was out of the pack, Will should stick to alpha Cane, right? 
"The alpha is in his bedroom, he ordered me to call for your missy," Will replied. 
Somehow, they slowed down their steps to have a longer conversation with each other. "But, Miss Iris went with gamma Ethan this morning to the mining site." 
"Yes, I have been there, but gamma Ethan said that he had sent her back an hour ago. I checked in her room but she didn’t return there. I saw you, so I thought you would know where she is." 
Hanna gave some thought to it before she remembered where her missy could be. "I think she is in the tent. She must have arrived when I went to fetch the water, that’s why I didn’t see her." 
"Why she is in the tent?" Will frowned, as far as he knew the tents were filled with the victims of the attack and the dead bodies of the warriors and villagers, who died during the attack. 
"She is helping there." 
"Helping?" 
Hanna threw him a look and then sighed deeply. "You will not believe me even if I said that she helped the warriors, who were poisoned by brinetallon’s venom. She changed their bandages and wiped their bodies, so their fever wouldn’t go too high." 
"What? She did that?" 
This time, Hanna was annoyed, she let her annoyance slip through her tone. "Yes. She did that and yes, she is kind. She is nothing like her father and brother." 
Will was having a hard time believing that and for Hanna, it was a normal reaction she got every time she told someone how different Iris was from her father and brother. 
They would stop mocking and cursing at Iris in front of her, but it didn’t stop them from hating her for her father and brother’s sins. 
And now, seeing how upset Hanna was, Will tried to change the conversation. He would see it for himself whether Iris was there to help or not, though he was still skeptical about it. 
"I have not yet thanked you for what you have done for me that night," Will said. He looked a little bit awkward, because he didn’t know how to phrase his words nicely. 
That night. Hanna knew what night that he was talking about, because that was the first time she met him. 
"You don’t need to thank me," Hanna said timidly, as she lowered her head. "I didn’t do much." 
"No, you did so much, or else, I will not be here talking to you now." Will then continued. "I remembered that was the best food that I have ever eaten." He chuckled wryly. "And if it was not for your medicine, I would have died. I am so grateful to you that you found me." 
"Your words are heavy." 
That night was the night when Will was raped by ten savages, he could barely stay alive at that time and just like what he said, if it was not for Hanna, who found him half dead that night and brought medicine for him, he would have died, because he was bleeding so much and didn’t have any strength, nor did he intend to strive to be alive. 
"No, I still remember you crying and telling me that everything will be alright. The slavery will end soon and I need to be strong because the alpha is still fighting the bad alpha." Will remembered what she said vividly, as if it happened yesterday. "You told me to not give up." 
Hanna was stunned, she barely remembered what she said that night because it was only a cliché thing and words of empty motivation, the only thing in her mind at that time was; she needed to keep him alive. 
"I was so hopeless and no longer wanted to live, it was a miracle that I could pull through that night." Will then turned his head and then looked at Hanna warmly. "And that miracle came in the form of you." 
Hanna lowered her head even more, feeling bashful, but also uncomfortable. 
"You looked like an angel to me at that time."
###Chapter 62: STEP FORWARD!
Chapter 62: STEP FORWARD!
Will was twenty one at that time and they were in the fifth year of slavery when Gerald and Mason had this brilliant idea to let ten savages rape him. They reenacted what they had done to Ethan two years prior. 
He still remembered how those savages touched him and got their pleasure from his body over and over again. He lost count how many times he lost consciousness only to wake up to them doing the deed without stopping. 
If it was not for his good constitution, he would have died during the process, as they used his body as they pleased and didn’t hold back at all. 
However, at that time, he wished he had died. He wished the suffering would end that night. 
Will still remembered how he heard Gerald and Mason laughed at him, among the labored breathing of the savages when they reached their climax by using his body. It was something that he would never forget. A ’nice’ gift from Gerald for his lifetime. 
The most frequent event that would haunt him when he had his nightmares. 
When he woke up again, after he fell unconscious a few times, the savages were long gone, but he found himself in a pool of his own blood. His entire body was in so much agony, yet at the same time, he felt numb. All of his will to survive had been depleted. 
They said it would just be another death, they should have gotten used to this by now. That was all he was thinking, he was just ’another death’ that night. 
And that was when Hanna came. She came with water, food, and medicine, and by some miracle, he survived. 
Will always remembered her, though he didn’t see her often, but every time she was around, he would always have his eyes on her. He also knew that sometimes, she would sneak food to the other slaves and wished she wouldn’t get caught or she wouldn’t get into trouble for that. 
That was only one of the many things Hanna had done for him, for them. 
Though Hanna was not the only one, but for him, because of that particular night, his heart always beat faster when he saw her. He would always have his eyes on her. 
Will spoke very gently, with his eyes fixed on her. "You looked like an angel." 
"That’s too much, I am glad that I can be of help for you." Hanna was blushing, she lowered her head, but the gratitude shouldn’t be for her alone. 
"You told me not to give up." Will lowered his head as well, the tips of his ears turned red. He wasn’t used to having such heartfelt conversations. 
"And I am right, right?" Hanna grinned. 
"You are right. Thank you." Will smiled at her, this time, he looked her in the eyes before she avoided his gaze. 
However, someone came to Hanna, she was a young lady, who worked under Grilla in the tent. She was panting badly before she grabbed Hanna’s hand tightly. 
"What is it?" Hanna frowned and Will was on alert. When someone came to you with such an expression, it would never entail good news. 
"Your miss... she is being hit by rocks by the people!" 
========================== 
Amee shrieked when she watched what the people were doing to Iris, she was about to intervene, but Aria pulled her back. 
"No, don’t do that!" Aria said in a warning tone. 
"What do you mean don’t do that? She will die if we leave her like that!" Amee tried to brush off her hand that held her back, but Aria didn’t let her go. She tightened her grip instead. 
"No, Amee, we can’t intervene. People will despise you if you take her side," Grilla chimed in, as she tried to stop Amee from going further. "They are angry at her, they will get angry at you too." 
"Are you crazy?! She is our luna now! You know how important she is for this pack!" Amee didn’t think of her value as a luna, but how it would affect their pack if she died, after all the only thing that could preserve the Blue Moon pack was the fact that she was the alpha’s mate. 
"But, you can’t go there and put yourself in danger!" Grilla reminded her frustratedly. She didn’t like the sight, thus she turned her head away to not look at it, but she didn’t find it in her to help Iris either. What Aria said was right. 
It was so strange for her to come and help. She was reluctant to do so. She, herself, was also holding a grudge against the Lane family. 
Seeing how Aria and Grilla stopped her, Amee second thought her decision to interfere, because the pressure was too high, even when she knew it was not right to stone her to death. She was unable to go against them. 
It was easier to go with the majority. 
Therefore, Amee didn’t do anything, as she averted her gaze, trying not to look at the scene before her eyes, so did Grilla, while Aria enjoyed what was happening in front of her. 
She was sure that these people would kill her. She hoped she would die now, so she didn’t need to deal with her anymore. She could get rid of her and be the only woman by Cane’s side. How dare she come between her and the alpha?! 
Iris didn’t know what kind of hardship that they had gone through together and what kind of things that she had done for Cane. She wouldn’t let that slide and give the position of Cane’s woman to Iris, who knew nothing of hardship. 
She didn’t deserve him. 
However, all of them stopped all of a sudden when they heard someone scream furiously before they saw Hanna rush forward. She shielded Iris’ body with hers, as she glowered at the people around her. 
"What do you think you are doing?!" She screamed so loud her face turned red. She was visibly distraught at the sight of Iris, who was bleeding profusely. Why was she always the one who got hurt? "HOW DARE YOU HURT HER!? HOW DARE YOU HURT HER?!" 
They were stunned to see Hanna’s outburst and lowered their hands. This was the first time for them to see a furious Hanna. She had never raised her voice at all and would always talk gently to them, even when she disagreed with their statements that Iris was a bad person and was no different from her father. 
Behind Hanna, Will came over and checked on Iris. She was badly injured. They could only hear a soft whimper from her lips, while her eyes were tightly shut. 
"Leave her alone! Leave her alone! How dare you hurt her?!" Hanna screamed at them furiously. Dread filled her body at the sight of Iris, as horror danced in her eyes. "What do you think you are doing?!" Tears streamed down her cheeks, she felt her heart being squeezed painfully. 
The crowd before her muttered something under their breath, but they indeed moved away from Iris. 
"Don’t be like that, Hanna. We are grateful for what you have done to us, but you can’t shield a monster like her," one of the people among the crowd had the audacity to speak to the frantic Hanna. 
"YOU ARE ALL THE MONSTERS!" Hanna screamed back at whoever had called her missy a monster. Her vision got blurred from her tears, she couldn’t describe what she felt right now. This was even worse than when Mason whipped her. 
The crowd gasped, they were all frowning. They thought Hanna had taken the matter too far and her reason to save Iris was so ridiculous. 
"She is the daughter of the wicked alpha!" Other people chimed in. If it was not for what Hanna had done to them in the past and how they respected and loved her, they wouldn’t care if she was being the target of their rocks, or even if she got hurt. 
Hanna turned her head around and glared daggers at that person. 
"She is not like her father!" Hanna had screamed this sentence over and over again, but they chose to turn deaf ears. She was hurt beyond words for their actions. "HOW CAN YOU ALL DO THIS TO HER?! SHE IS NOT LIKE HER FATHER! DID SHE EVER HURT YOU?!" 
All of them turned their heads away, trying to avert her fierce glare. This was something that they didn’t expect from Hanna, to scream and reprimand them like this. 
"TELL ME WHAT SHE HAD DONE TO YOU! DID SHE EVER HURT YOU IN ANY WAY?!" Hanna screamed out loud, disregarding the fact that her throat was hurt so badly. "She had never hurt anyone! How many times do I have to tell you about this?! Is your hatred so great that you turned a blind eye to everything else! Or is it your hearts that have turned blind?!" 
A few of them looked uncomfortable with what Hanna said. 
However, Hanna was not yet done with them. She glared at all of them, her eyes red with anger and sadness for her dear missy. 
"ALL THE HELP THAT YOU GOT FROM ME HAD COME FROM HER! All the help from me had come from this woman that you stoned! HOW DARE YOU HURT HER!" She screamed at them. She couldn’t hold this back any longer. "SHE GAVE YOU THE FOOD AND MEDICINE THAT YOU NEEDED!" 
Every time they thanked her and expressed their gratitude, she wanted to say that it was not her that they should be grateful for, but she couldn’t and that ate her alive. 
Especially when these people looked at Iris with so much hatred for something that she didn’t even do. 
"No, that’s not possible... you are lying," one voice said. 
"You can’t give credit to her just because you care for her," another added. 
"You are too kind, Hanna... you don’t need to lie to save her life." 
Hanna’s heart ached at their denial, as she looked at them one by one. These people here were the members of the Howling Wolf pack, who had not yet returned to their land. Because the economy there was so bad after ten years of slavery, they couldn’t do trade to sustain their life. 
Therefore, until things had settled down in the Howling Wolf pack, they chose to stay in the Blue Moon pack, blending with the pack members here. 
But, it was not like the Blue Moon pack members could avoid misery either, the alpha would find fault with them every now and then and collected high taxes. They would end up as slaves if they couldn’t pay it. 
No different from the Howling Wolf pack members’ fate. 
"Have you ever wondered why it was always possible for me to send you large amounts of food most of the days?! Have you ever asked yourself why you can eat meat during those days?!" Hanna whirled around to look at all of them because they surrounded her. "HOW MY FRIENDS AND I CAN GIVE YOU SUCH TREATS?!" 
Hanna shook her head stubbornly, she clenched her fists, preventing herself from crying out loud. She felt like she wanted to rip her chest. 
Hana didn’t feel bad when she watched how these monsters looked uncomfortable with what she said. They should know! They must know who they had hurt! 
Hanna then turned around and pointed her finger at Iris, who was curling her body on the ground, whimpering in pain. "It was her order to spare the food for you! To steal the medicine for you!" 
As a shifter, it was their nature to be a meat eater and for them to lack their main staple food, it would make them grow weak and fall easily sick. 
But thanks to the food that Hanna brought to them, they were not that much miserable. 
"Step forward, anyone who has been hurt by her!" Hanna looked at them one by one. "I WILL HELP YOU STONE HER IF THERE IS ANYONE THAT CAN PROVE IT TO ME THAT SHE HAD HURT YOU! STEP FORWARD!"
###Chapter 63: SHE IS NOT BREATHING!
Chapter 63: SHE IS NOT BREATHING!
"Step forward, anyone who has been hurt by her!" Hanna looked at them one by one. "I WILL HELP YOU STONE HER IF THERE IS ANYONE THAT CAN PROVE IT TO ME THAT SHE HAD HURT YOU! STEP FORWARD!" 
"Why didn’t she help us in the beginning?" There was this sudden question among the crowd. Hanna turned around and came face to face with a young man around the same age as Will. 
Hanna felt her heart would burst into pieces, she was overwhelmed with this emotion. She wanted them to understand, she wanted them to know what Iris had done for them desperately. She was afraid that her words would not be clear enough and they would turn deaf ears again. 
But, she kept speaking what was in her mind. She stopped thinking and kept speaking whatever that came to her mind. 
"She knew how much you have suffered at the hands of her father and brother! She was only ten years old when you were enslaved by alpha Gerald! What can a ten year old girl do for you!?" 
That was right. Iris was only ten years old when they became slaves in the Blue Moon pack. 
"Just like what you have heard! Everyone knows how much alpha Gerald hated her because she was born as a runt!" 
Everyone in the crowd visibly lowered their head. Hanna was right. It was not even a secret that alpha Gerald and Mason didn’t like her because she was a useless runt and she rarely made an appearance because the two of them were ashamed of her. 
And then, Hanna made a sudden move that they didn’t expect at all, leaving them speechless. 
Crying, Hanna ripped the back of her dress and showed something to everyone present there; the ghastly scars on her back. 
Though her body was covered in blood now, all of them could see the horrible state of her back. Something that they couldn’t even imagine at all. 
"Look at this! Look at what her brother had done to her!" Hanna stood up and threw a vicious glare at them. She looked like she was going to shift and attack them all. "LOOK AT THIS CLEARLY AND TELL ME THAT SHE HAD NOT SUFFERED UNDER THEIR CRUELTY!" 
A loud gasp rippled among the onlookers. Most of the women could only look at Iris’ back once and they didn’t have the heart to look at her twice. They felt shameful. 
"She got beaten up every time she got caught trying to feed you all and steal medicine! She was whipped for that! And here you are?! Stoning her to death!? HOW DARE YOU?! You should be ashamed of yourself! YOU ARE THE MONSTERS!" Hanna screamed painfully until she was hyperventilating. "EVEN MONSTERS WILL KNOW HOW TO THANK THE PERSON THAT HELPED THEM!" 
These feelings were too much for her. 
The crowd grew silent, as the women started to cry while the men could only clench their fists. It was not only them that had suffered. 
It was not Iris’ fault whatever that had happened to them and she had never done anything to harm them. They couldn’t imagine someone hurting their own flesh and blood like Alpha Gerald and Mason. Both of them should be left to rot in hell! They felt ashamed. 
And the fact that all of them had been helped by Iris through Hanna made it even more worse. Guilty feelings started to creep into their hearts. 
If Iris had been beaten and whipped because she had helped them, it meant, every scar on her body was because of them while it was really true for her new wounds after what they had done. 
"Not even once! Not even once did she hurt you! Not even once did she agree with what her father and brother had done to you!" Hanna balled her hands into tight fists. She needed to control herself because she didn’t want to cry now. She must let them know the truth first. "Step forward, whoever thinks she has harmed you! I will help you stone her if it’s true!" She dared to say this because she knew a hundred percent that Iris had never done anything to them. 
How could she do something when she was barely out of her bedroom, except for sneaking out at night occasionally? 
"Do you really think her father and brother hated her just because she was born as a runt?! They excluded her because she is nothing like them! Her brother would whip her every time he found out that she sneaked around to prepare food for you! He had beaten her whenever he found out what she had done! 
"Did she stop, though? NO! She never stopped doing that! Even when her back was bleeding from all the whipping, she didn’t think of stopping!" 
Iris knew that her brother wouldn’t kill her. No matter how much her father didn’t care about her, she was still his daughter and she still had some value. It was always Mason who would punish her by beating and whipping her, while alpha Gerald didn’t care much as long as she didn’t die. 
"She saved me when I was nothing but a slave!" Hanna shook her head. "No. Even a slave still had a higher rank than me at that time! I was being tortured to death but she saved me! She kept me by her side!" 
She remembered how little Iris rushed toward the people that were beating her and pushed them away from her. Thankfully, the guards that came with her were able to bring them out of the chaos alive. 
It was her fortune, because that happened on a rare occasion when Iris was allowed to step out of the pack house. 
Hanna had been beaten, about to be sold as a sex slave because her parents left so much debt, since the tax was so high in this pack. Both of her parents died and she was alone. She thought that would be her life from then, but no, Iris came to save her. 
Hanna was fifteen at that time. 
"She is not a monster! She is not evil like her father and brother! SHE IS NOTHING LIKE HER FATHER AND BROTHER!" Hanna felt so tired to tell them this. 
All of them looked regretful. 
So did the guards, who didn’t do anything and just watched what they had done to Iris.
However, Hanna didn’t care about their REGRETS. It was not her that they had to feel sorry for or apologise sincerely. 
Hanna’s eyes then landed on Grace, the healer, who had been treating Iris so coldly. 
Before, Hanna wouldn’t even raise her voice when Grace treated Iris half-heartedly. She would accept that, because her dearest missy never wanted to raise a conflict by talking about what she had done for them. 
But not anymore. 
Hanna’s cold eyes were enough to make the hell freeze over. 
"You, Grace." The healer flinched when Hanna called her out. She was standing among the crowd. 
Yes, she didn’t participate in stoning Iris, but she didn’t do anything to help either when she could have prevented this from happening. 
"Do you really think because you are a healer that alpha Gerald spared you?! If it was not for Miss Iris, who put the idea of taking you in in the head healer’s head, in hopes that you will be able to help your people, you would have ended up in a much worse fate with that beautiful face of yours!" 
Yes, during that time, having a beautiful face was a curse. You will have to go through the unimaginable because of your face and Grace was so beautiful and young, a combination that would make the alpha and his son salivate over her. 
"Miss Iris did everything to convince her teacher and the head healer to take you in! Have you ever wondered for even once how you can end up as a healer, when you are so young to be recognized as a useful healer?! They didn’t need you! You are not a genius that will only appear once in a hundred years!" 
Hanna knew that her words were harsh and she shouldn’t speak that way, but then she couldn’t help it when she remembered how she had treated Iris, as if she was a nuisance and didn’t deserve to be saved. 
Grace fiddled with her fingers when she heard that, she lowered her head in shame, but then she came forward and approached Iris’ battered body and started to cast healing magic on her to stop the bleeding. 
She couldn’t do much with her healing power. As a runt, Iris didn’t respond to this magic. They needed to heal her in a conventional way. 
"W- we need to get her treated immediately," Grace stuttered, she was so ashamed of herself, while Hanna broke down crying even more. She didn’t even dare to touch Iris, she was afraid that she would hurt her even more. 
On the other hand, Will was so stunned to hear all this revelation, but then he snapped out of it and crouched down to carry Iris. He did that ever so gently, but even so, Iris still whimpered in pain, breathing raggedly. 
Afterward, he rushed toward Iris’ bedroom. His head was spinning after hearing what Hanna had said. Everything made more sense now. 
How could a servant like Hanna have access to the feasts that they had? Meat and medicine were two heavenly things that could soothe their misery. 
Will ran as fast as he could, while Hanna and Grace followed behind him, leaving the crowd, who were sobbing, regretting their mistakes over how they had hurt the person that had helped them. All of them felt so remorseful, especially those who had stoned, beaten and kicked Iris mercilessly, though she had pleaded with them to stop. 
However, Hanna didn’t care about what they were feeling right now, because the only important thing to her was Iris’ well being. 
========================== 
Amee forced herself to push back her pain and in a halting, tearful voice, she relayed everything that had transpired to the alpha. 
Beside the alpha, were Jace and Ethan, both of them were stunned and unable to speak. Their minds reeled with the facts Amee and Grilla presented to them. 
Of course, they had also eaten the meat and were very grateful for the medicine that Hanna and her friends had brought to them. 
"Impossible..." Ethan frowned so hard. 
"Where is she?" Cane stood up from his seat, as he walked toward the door. His expression was impassive, but there was a flicker of emotion in his dark eyes. 
"She is in her room, Grace and a few healers are trying to help her." Grilla reported to him. She felt even more remorseful and awful than Amee, because she was the one who stopped her from preventing that from happening. 
On the other hand, Amee was beating herself up for not being more vocal and stepping forward when she could still prevent it. 
Both old ladies cried silently, they were so ashamed. 
Grilla remembered how eager Iris was to help the victims, while she was suspicious of her intentions, when her heart was so pure. Hanna was right, they were the monsters, their hearts were so blinded by anger and hatred. 
Even now there was not a single memory that she could recall where Iris hurt them. Even if you asked around, no one would be able to say anything bad about Iris, because there was nothing like that. 
All of that was only in their minds. Their minds were so clouded by what alpha Gerald and Mason had done, so they looked at Iris in their shadow. 
When Cane arrived at Iris’ bedroom, he saw Grace and Ardand, the head healer. He was an old man, who had retired, but Grace still asked him to come over, since Iris’ condition was too severe and she couldn’t use her healing magic. 
Ardand gave instructions to the other two healers to start looking for herbs that could help treat Iris’ injuries, while Grace still tried to stop her bleeding. 
"Oh, no!" Grace gasped, as she started panicking. "She is not breathing!" 
Ardand immediately took Iris’ other hand and used his healing magic, but Iris’ body rejected that kind of magic.
###Chapter 64: I WILL NOT GIVE MY LOYALTY TO YOU
Chapter 64: I WILL NOT GIVE MY LOYALTY TO YOU
"Oh, no!" Grace gasped, as she started panicking. "She is not breathing!" 
On the other hand, Hanna was crying. She sat down in a corner of the room, hugging herself. She couldn’t stop crying no matter what. Amee and Grilla approached her to console her, yet she was inconsolable right now. 
"Please... please, save her..." Hanna whimpered, with her eyes fixed on Iris’ bloodied face. No... they said she was not breathing now. 
"This will not do," Ardand mumbled. He narrowed his eyes. "I can’t get her." 
Ardand and Grace tried their best to make Iris start breathing again, but to no avail. Her body was still warm and her heart was still beating, only it grew weaker by the minute. 
"Grace!" 
Grace could only let go of Iris’ hand as she started to blow air into her mouth before proceeding to do chest compressions, because she knew healing magic could only do so much to help Iris. 
She was so desperate to make Iris breathe again, as if her life was hanging on a thread. She wouldn’t be able to live her life without apologizing to her and thanking her for everything that she had done.
She herself saw the whipping marks on her back the last time she treated her, thus she could imagine what kind of pain that she had to go through when Iris helped them, but they hated her so much without knowing about it. 
======================== 
"People are still trying to know what happened to her," Ethan said, as he stared at Iris’ sleeping face. "They won’t stop coming to wish her well either." 
Word traveled fast about what had transpired ten days ago, about what Iris, the wicked alpha’s daughter, had done for them and what she had to go through in their hands because she had helped them. 
But the ultimate blow to them was; the ghastly scars on her back. 
Those people, who were not there to hear what Hanna said directly or see Iris’ scars, found out about everything she did and showed their gratitude toward Iris. They prayed for her and asked the guards daily about her recovery. 
Jace and Ethan, also all the people in the pack house were so surprised to see how those peoples’ hearts changed. They went from hating her being their luna to now cherishing her. They were actually elated at the fact of her being their alpha’s mate. 
They went as far as saying that she was their alpha’s second chance mate, that they were destined to be together, and it was fate. 
Cane didn’t respond to that in any way. 
However, he came to visit Iris in her room every day for the past ten days. 
Grace and Ardand managed to make her breathe again, but the injuries that she sustained were too severe and because Iris’ body was not very responsive to healing power, they couldn’t heal her fast enough. They needed to do it conventionally. 
"Have they found the herbs that Ardand asked for?" Cane asked Hanna, who was standing next to Iris’ bed. She would be here for twenty four hours and wouldn’t leave Iris’ side if it was not necessary. She would make sure that Iris got her medicine on time and wiped her body. She would inform Grace immediately if Iris got a fever. 
"No, they are still looking for them," Hanna replied in a sad voice. She looked haggard, because there was nothing that Amee or Grilla could say to make her take some rest, as she didn’t want anyone to take care of Iris, as though she didn’t believe them. 
After what happened, her feelings were valid. 
It was painful to see how everything had to turn out like this and now they missed Hanna’s smile. Nowadays, she didn’t even smile, nor did she want to greet anyone that she saw. She was still angry about what they had done to Iris and this made all the people become even more remorseful, including those, who didn’t participate in hurting Iris. 
"Tell me if you need anything," Cane said curtly and Hanna bowed her head respectfully before the alpha walked out of the bedroom with Ethan following behind him. 
"Don’t you want to meet with Aria?" Ethan asked when they were in the hallway. Cane wanted to look over the last day of the construction of the fort in the mining site. "She has been asking for you." 
Moreover, Cane wanted to talk to Redmond. He was supposed to meet with the former warriors from the Blue Moon pack sooner, but with everything that happened, it had been delayed. 
"I will see her when I want to see her." 
Cane was always so cold, but from his answer, Ethan could say that the alpha was thoroughly upset and disappointed by what the mistress had done. 
Based on the report, it was the mistress who had provoked people around the tents, who were grieving over their loved ones, to start attacking Iris. 
It was easy to instigate something like it because the seed of hatred was already there. 
Cane had already given her a warning when she tried to let those warriors defile Iris the last time, but it seemed Aria didn’t take it seriously and this was another thing why the alpha had forbidden her from coming near him. He didn’t allow her to come to his room, to the training grounds or the mines, those were the places that he frequently visited recently. 
"Aderan had arrived in the Celestial Moon pack and met with alpha Derick, the alpha thanked you for the magic stones that you sent." Ethan told him about the letter that he received this morning. They were inside the carriage that would take them to the mines. "Alpha Derick will help you in finding the best sorcerer around his place and lend them to you." 
"Hm." Cane nodded. 
"The alpha is under the assumption that you will use the sorcerer to install a magical device, to strengthen your defense against the monsters in Goffa mountain," Ethan said. 
Both of them had the same problem with the monsters, though in Celestial Moon pack, the monsters were more aggressive than here. That was also why they needed assistance from a sorcerer. 
"Do you think it will work?" Ethan knew about the problem that Cane was facing and Grace had told him about it with the alpha’s permission, but he didn’t think an offensive or defensive sorcerer would be the right person for Cane to ask for a solution regarding his problem. 
Cane said nothing, but his eyes were fixed on something in the distance. He needed to think of a solution as to what he should do if that did not work; if he couldn’t produce an heir. How could he impregnate someone when he was sterile? 
Two years. 
Within two years, Iris should be pregnant with a baby. 
They arrived at the mines and Stone immediately greeted the alpha and the gamma, as he walked them to the fortress. He told the alpha that the repairs had been finished and now the fortress was strong enough to hold back an attack more massive than last time. 
"Do you know the reason why the fortress broke down?" Cane asked, as he walked on top of the fortress to look over the entire Goffa mountain. He could spot a few monsters and judging from it, it seemed he needed to hold a monster hunt within the next month. 
"From what I learned, it seemed there was something big or heavy that had collided with our fortress," Stone explained his reason why he thought that way. 
"Which side did the force come from?" 
"Pardon me?" 
"From which side the force that broke down the fortress came from?" 
With that question, Stone seemed to realize it. "I- it was from inside." He tried to recall and could tell that the force came from inside. 
Cane and Ethan met each other’s eyes in understanding for a brief moment. 
Aderan had told them that the king had put someone inside the pack and now they knew that this someone was not only a spy that would just report everything back to the king, but also someone who would cause trouble inside this pack. 
They needed to find out who it was before this person caused more casualties within the pack. 
"I want you to investigate that." 
And after that, Cane looked around the fortress once again before he requested for Stone to lead the way to Redmond, with whom he needed to finish a long overdue conversation. 
The former warrior was working in the mines. And after they managed to dig forty five magic stones to fulfill the quota to satisfy the merchant with Iris’ help, they were barely able to find two more. 
It still stunned Stone to see that Iris could do something like that. A power that they had never known about. 
"There, the red-haired guy, it’s Redmond." Stone pointed to a man from afar, while one of Stone’s men went over to him and informed him that the alpha wanted to see him. 
The red-haired guy named Redmond glanced at Cane, who was walking in his direction. He grumbled something inaudible and threw his shovel away before approaching Cane. 
"I don’t need to bow to you, do I? After all, I never pledged my loyalty to you, so you are not the alpha for me," Redmond spoke with so much audacity. 
"No. I am not the alpha for you. I am your master and you are my slave." 
Redmond didn’t like it, if he could, he would shift into his beast and attack Cane there and then, but that was not going to happen, since all of them here had been forced to drink Rottingbane leaves, which rendered them unable to shift into their beasts. 
The same thing that alpha Gerald had used on all of his slaves. You would need at least a cup of Rottingbane leaves in order for you to not be able to shift for three to four days. It was a strong poison for a shifter, though it wouldn’t kill them. 
"Now, tell me what do you want to say?" Cane didn’t even offer for him to sit somewhere to make this conversation more comfortable. He simply approached him to have this important conversation with him. 
"I want you to free the Blue Moon pack," Redmond said point blank. 
"I don’t need to, because this is still the Blue Moon pack theoretically, since I didn’t merge the two packs together yet." Cane watched the red-haired man before him, as he started seething. "You have two choices; you can pledge your loyalty to me, or you can work in this mine until your last day in this life. I am fine with either of your choices." 
Cane appeared nonchalant, as if he didn’t need more reliable warriors to help him to defend these two packs. 
"I want the third option," Redmond said with a smirk, it seemed he had predicted what Cane’s answer would be and came up with an entirely different idea. 
"I don’t remember offering you a third option," Cane said in a light tone. He looked around leisurely and got a little bit of a flashback about when he worked on this site. It was not a pleasant memory to remember, but he couldn’t help it. It came without him even being able to prevent it. 
"Nah, your two options didn’t even sound good." Redmond gave the alpha a wolfish smirk. He folded his arms in front of his chest smugly, yet the alpha didn’t seem to be affected by his audacity. He still looked calm and hard to read. 
Cane said nothing, thus Redmond took this as a cue for him to tell him what was in his mind. 
"I don’t want to pledge my loyalty to the people from the Howling Wolf pack, I just want to pledge my loyalty to the people of the Blue Moon pack." Redmond lifted his chin, despite his situation right now and the way his body was caked with dirt, he still stood tall and proud like the warrior he was. "I know what Alpha Gerald had done to your people was unfair." 
Cane scoffed when he heard that. How people from Alpha Gerald’s side always belittled the hellish days that his people had to go through in the hands of their alpha was still unfathomable to him.
###Chapter 65: I WILL LET YOU GO
Chapter 65: I WILL LET YOU GO
"I don’t want to pledge my loyalty to anyone from the Howling Wolf pack, I just want to pledge my loyalty to someone from the Blue Moon pack." Redmond lifted his chin. "My loyalty is still with my pack. I will not pledge my loyalty to you, an alpha from the Howling Wolf pack." 
"Mason will never be an alpha," Cane cut straight to the point. "If you want to pledge your loyalty to him, go ahead. You can accompany him in the dungeon along with your minions." 
For someone like Redmond, it would be better to go to labor than to be locked inside that damned place. 
Redmond hissed when he heard the way Cane called his comrades as minions, but he couldn’t really retaliate right now. 
"I don’t mean Mason," Redmond said slowly. "You didn’t merge the packs, which means the most eminent person in the Blue Moon pack right now is your mate. Miss Iris. I want her." 
The way he said ’I want her’ was really ambiguous and sounded inappropriate, as he wanted to get back at Cane for calling his fellow warriors minions. 
But, to his disappointment, Cane didn’t look upset at all. 
"She is not in the condition to receive your loyalty. I will let her know whether she wants it or not when she wakes up." Cane then turned around and walked away. He didn’t really give Redmond a conclusion at all. 
Everyone must have known about Iris and what happened to her ten days ago by now. 
==================== 
Another day passed. It had been ten days since that incident in the front yard and from that day, Cane didn’t allow her to come closer to his living quarters. It meant Aria couldn’t go to his bedroom, nor could she go near Iris’ bedroom, since their rooms were right next to each other’s. 
"Damn it! That bitch!" Aria was exasperated because she really needed to talk to Cane. She wanted him to hear her side of the story, because she knew someone would have already let him know that she was the one who had instigated the people to begin with then. 
But, she didn’t even hurl a single rock in her direction. She didn’t harm her, yet why was she the one being punished? This was not fair. 
Aria paced back and forth inside her bedroom, while Dalia was staring at her, standing next to Bian. They didn’t know what to do to calm the mistress down. 
Her mood was getting worse by the day, while her being forbidden from going to the alpha’s living quarters only added fuel to her current problematic emotional state. 
"This will not do... this will not do..." Aria bit her nails, her habit whenever she was anxious. "It has been ten days. It is even longer than the last time we were intimate." 
Usually, it wouldn’t take this long for Cane to call her over. To be honest, he had never called her. It was always Aria who would go and take care of his needs. She was the one who always took the initiative, because she knew Cane’s situation, where once aroused, he must go through with the deed. 
That was only one among a dozen deranged things that were included in their arrangement after those abusive ten years. 
It was not easy for Aria to seduce him, but then, usually he would give in to her and before this, he had never banned her presence. He never got angry when she barged into his room without announcing it first either. 
"What should I do now?" Aria muttered to herself, as she walked back and forth inside her bedroom. "What should I do now..." 
In the end, Aria decided to go to the training grounds the next morning. Since she knew he would be there, she decided to talk to him no matter what. She would beg and not move from her place if she had to go to such lengths just to make Cane listen to her. 
And that was what she did. 
On the eleventh day since Iris fell unconscious, Aria went to the training grounds, where the sound of vicious growls and roars shook the ground. 
The training ground in this Blue Moon pack was built like a huge stadium, with grandstand seats circling the center, where the spectators could have a good view from their seats. 
Aria easily spotted the alpha, since he was in his black beast and stood out from the rest. She sat down and waited for him to finish with the training, but Will came to her first. 
"You can’t be here," Will said before he sat down next to her, watching the alpha teach the young warriors how to fight in their beast form. It was great that the youngsters were willing to train to become warriors, since they really needed them now. 
"Why can’t I be here?" Aria asked him back. Her mood immediately plummeted for being told the same thing over and over again. It seemed, once she lost the alpha’s affection, nobody would respect her anymore. 
"The alpha is busy." 
"I will not disturb him, I will wait until he is done with the training," Aria said irritably. "I have been with him for three years now, I know how he is." With Will questioning her, she felt a little bit annoyed. "And I have known him for more than fifteen years, ever since I came to the Howling Wolf pack. I am his former mate’s personal servant after all." 
Aria knew Leane longer than Cane, because she originally followed her missy around and was taken to the pack house to accompany Leane when she found out that her mate was the son of the alpha. 
Meanwhile, Will couldn’t refute that. However, Aria missed the whole point here. 
"It is not that you can’t see him forever, the alpha only needs some time for himself." Will tried to explain the situation gently. "There are a lot of things that he had to deal with now that we know there is a spy that the king had sent to trouble us." 
He was used to talking about things like this with Aria, because despite everything that happened recently, they had gone through so much together. She used to be so close to the alpha and his gamma and beta than any other pack member. 
"I know, I heard about that from Ethan," Aria replied. Her eyes were fixed on the black beast and for a brief second she felt like their eyes met, but probably it was only in her desperate mind. "Is she still unconscious?" 
Will knew who she was talking about. "Yes. Her condition doesn’t get worse, but it doesn’t get any better either." 
Inside, Aria cheered up a bit to hear such information. She didn’t want Iris to wake up. If it was possible, she wanted her to stay like that forever. It would be great if she suffered brain death from the rocks that were hurled at her. 
"Does the alpha go to visit her often?" Will was slightly uncomfortable to answer that and Aria turned to look at him. "You can tell me anything, you know? I am not an outsider." 
"Yes, the alpha visits her almost every day." 
Aria started seething when she heard that. 
"For what?" Her words came out harsher than she intended them to be, but she didn’t care. She was extremely hurt now. 
Will sighed. "None of us know that Iris had been helping us out in the past, with food, water and especially with medicine." The latest was not something that a slave like them would be able to get their hands on, since alpha Gerald wouldn’t be so generous to give them even a single herbal leaf. "Even though he didn’t show it, he is very grateful for what Iris had done, because of that, there are many people who survived the slavery." 
"So, what if she did that?" Aria was irritated, she couldn’t think rationally right now. People’s hearts started to soften when they heard the name Iris now. "They are too weak to change their hearts so easily. Have they forgotten how their family members and their mates were killed during that time? The suffering and the abuse that we have to go through. Why did they easily forget about all of that?" Aria was furious. She balled her fists until her nails stabbed her palms. 
"Calm down, Aria." Will was surprised to witness how Aria had changed a lot. When did she start to change? Or was she always like this? 
"They forget so easily," she said through gritted teeth. "How could they forget that so many people had died?" 
"You are right that many people had died during the slavery." Will then looked Aria straight in her eyes, his eyes were filled with warmth and sadness when he spoke again. "But, you forgot those people who survived because of her help. A small act of kindness meant a lot to us, even a drop of water or a piece of hard bread when we were starving was something that we used to be grateful for." 
Will realized that Hanna was right when she said their hatred had blinded them. 
On the other hand, Aria didn’t share the same sentiment, she didn’t like to hear that narrative. 
"I still won’t forgive her." Aria was adamant with her decision and Will couldn’t make her think otherwise. Probably, she just needed a little bit of time. 
From afar, they could see the alpha shifting into his human form and giving instructions about the fighting stance to those young men for a few minutes before he wrapped it up and walked toward the rest room at the other end of the stadium. 
Seeing that, Aria immediately stood up and was about to follow Cane when Will stopped her, grabbing her wrist. 
"No, Aria, the alpha said he didn’t want you near him for a while." Will still remembered the order that was given to him and because this was a direct order from the alpha, he was obliged to follow. 
But, Aria was not happy to hear that. She tried to swat his hand away, but his grip was too tight. "Let me go!" She hissed viciously. She looked like she would fight off Will if he didn’t let her go to see the alpha. 
Yet, Will didn’t budge. He looked at her apologetically, but an order was an order. 
However, right at that time a young boy came up to them. He was around thirteen or fourteen years old. "Miss Aria, the alpha is waiting for you in the restroom," he said. He was one of the newly recruited warriors. 
Aria smiled so brightly when she heard that and immediately pointed at Will’s hand that was still clutching her wrist. "Let me go now." 
Since the alpha was the one who asked for her presence, Will didn’t have any other reason to tell her otherwise. 
Once he let go of her hand, Aria immediately bolted toward the restroom to meet with Cane. She was excited, but also nervous because the alpha was very unpredictable. 
"Cane?" Aria entered the restroom and found Cane pouring down water on his head to get rid of his sweat. He was only wearing his pants, so his naked broad back was facing her. 
It had been so long since the last time Aria saw him up close like this and she yearned for him so much. She had this urge to run her fingers on his shoulder blades, but she had to curb it for now, since she knew Cane wouldn’t like to be touched that way. Especially when he was upset with her like this, he wouldn’t appreciate such advances. 
"Cane. I really miss you," Aria said, her voice cracked. She truly missed him. She didn’t know when she saw him as a man rather than a master or someone that she had to respect and follow. She had blind faith in him and now she was overwhelmed by her feelings for him. She wanted him just for herself, despite knowing she couldn’t be the luna for him. 
Cane turned around and put down the empty jar on the table. 
This room was not small, the walls were made of rough stones that supported the tribunal above them while the ground was not tiled. 
"Cane?" Aria took a step closer toward him. 
"You got your feelings mixed up." That was not a question, but a statement. 
Aria stopped approaching him when she saw how cold his eyes were. "What is so wrong with loving you?" The question came as a whisper. 
Cane looked at her with eyes that almost looked sad. "I don’t need love, Aria. Your feelings only complicate things. I want you to get rid of them." This was not what they agreed on before. 
"Cane, I have known you for a long time. I don’t believe that you don’t have any feelings for me." Aria was almost crying to hear the rejection outright, but then what else did she expect from him when Cane had made it very clear for her from the very beginning? 
"Aria, you are important to me, just like Jace, Ethan and Amee." Those were the people that he cherished the most, as they would give up their lives for him and they had proven it over and over again, so did Aria. "But, this is not something that I wish for us. This is not something that will benefit the pack and I have to let you go if you act out again." 
Aria staggered. "Wh- what do you mean you will let me go?"
###Chapter 66: I AM IN PAIN
Chapter 66: I AM IN PAIN
"I have to let you go if you act out again." Cane cherished the woman before him, but their ives were completely different. 
He couldn’t risk having her creating an internal conflict at will with the power he gave her. She was smart, but he didn’t appreciate her using it to drift the people apart. 
Cane had noticed her jealousy, but he didn’t do anything about it because that was not something important to him. 
However, after realizing how she could influence a mass of people to take her side and how smoothly she made people sway to her tune, he knew she could be troublesome for him one day if he didn’t stop her immediately. 
Even though he didn’t want it to be like this, he needed to let her go if she didn’t listen to him going forward. He had a grand plan in his mind and he needed to get rid of any disturbance and if she turned out to be one of them, he didn’t have any other choice. 
Aria staggered when she heard what Cane said, especially when she knew how serious he was with every warning that he delivered. "Wh- what do you mean you want to let me go?" A tear escaped her eyes, her vision was blurry while her heart ached so badly. 
"I want you to stand down, Aria," Cane said firmly. "Enjoy your life, you are no longer a slave now. Buy clothes that you want and also jewelry, go to places that you want to visit. Live your life." Cane approached her and caressed her head. "Don’t turn into a monster that you are not." 
Aria was stunned when Cane touched her gently. The way he caressed her head showed how much he cared for her, but not in the way Aria was thinking or wanted him to. 
"That’s the only way for me to repay what you have done for me in the past, since I can’t give myself to you, because there is nothing left of me." Cane put down his hand and looked at her, exhausted. "There are already so many monsters out there, I don’t want you to be one of them." 
============================ 
The flowers kept coming even after two weeks of Iris being unconscious. Grace and Ardand, the former head healer, had done everything within their power. Even after they got her the rarest herbs, she was still unconscious. 
Her room right now smelled of roses and fresh flowers. Hanna made sure to take care of everything there and give Iris’ medicine on time. Sometimes, Amee and Grilla would come to see Iris, yet there was nothing significant that had happened. 
During the third week after the event, the tents in the front yard were taken down because all the people had healed and those who needed extra care could get it in their respective houses, since their lives were no longer in danger. 
They had buried the dead already and the houses that had been destroyed during the attack had been rebuilt as well. Everything went smoothly without any hiccups because the pack could fund it without any problems with the treasury that they found with the help of Iris. 
Things would be perfect if she could just wake up now, considering how many people wanted to express their gratitude to her and how they regretted what they had done to her. 
Some people were still skeptical, especially those, who were not there to hear Hanna’s outburst, but the number of those people was nothing compared to the others who kept praying and sending flowers, asking about Iris’ wellbeing. 
They kept saying their prayers fervently when they were told that Iris was still unconscious while Hanna refused to step out of the bedroom if it was not necessary. She was afraid to leave her missy alone. She didn’t believe those people and for a while, she didn’t even believe Amee and Grilla to be left with Iris alone. 
The two of them were there and did nothing to help when the incident happened, regardless of what they believed about Iris. How could they watch someone be stoned to death callously? So was the case with Grace, but Hanna couldn’t help but trust her, since she was a healer and there was Ardand too. 
"Ah... I forgot..." Hanna muttered to herself how clumsy she was for forgetting to get a jar of honey. Amee was here a few hours ago and she should have gone to fetch it from the kitchen, but she forgot because both of them chatted lightly and once again, Amee apologized to her and the unconscious Iris. "I have been so forgetful recently..." 
Hanna clicked her tongue and went out of the bedroom, she was half running when she turned at the corner and almost ran into Will who just exited the alpha’s study room. 
"Are you okay?" Will was surprised to see Hanna’s face up close, this was their first encounter after that unfortunate event befell on Iris. 
"Oh, yes. I am fine." Hanna immediately steadied herself, she looked a little bit embarrassed. "I am sorry, I shouldn’t be running around like that." 
"No harm has been done. Don’t worry." Will looked at her slightly pale face. She must have not slept well during these few weeks since her missy was still unconscious. "Where are you going? You seem to be in a hurry." 
"I am going to the kitchen to get a jar of honey. I am running out of it. It has to be mixed with the other medicines." 
Hanna was about to bid him goodbye and continue to go to the kitchen, but then she realized Will was following her. 
She turned her head and looked at him. 
"I will help you to carry the honey." That was what he said and Hanna muttered a small ’thank you’, while they walked toward the kitchen together and Will ended up taking four jars of honey with him, so Hanna wouldn’t need to run back and forth for it. 
At this point, Hanna was allowed to take anything from the kitchen per the alpha’s permission. She even got meals with larger chunks of meat than she usually got, which she was grateful for. 
On their way back, both of them didn’t talk much, though they were slowing down their steps and seemingly wanted to start a conversation, yet they didn’t know what to say. 
In the end, even until they reached Iris’ bedroom, not a single word left their lips. 
Will then silently put all four jars on the table, he glanced at Iris for a brief moment and felt bad for her, remembering how their people had mistreated her. 
"It still surprises me that she had done all of those things at such a young age," Will said, as he looked at Hanna, who was starting to grind the herbs because it was time for Iris to take her medicine. "Why didn’t you speak up sooner?" 
Hanna wanted to tell Grace that the medicine didn’t work, because Iris had not yet woken up, but then she didn’t know any better. 
"She actually didn’t want me to say anything about it," Hanna replied, as she looked at Iris warmly. 
"But, why?" 
"Because according to her, it will not help with the situation and it will not change anything," Hanna muttered and recalled what Iris said. "One of the reasons is because she was afraid that no one would want to eat the food if they knew it came from her. In that case, all her efforts will be in vain."
What Iris was afraid of was not baseless, because Will also thought the same, with the hatred that they had for alpha Gerald and his son, receiving food and help from Iris could be misinterpreted and even though they accepted it, they wouldn’t eat it with an easy mind. It would only add to their complicated thoughts. 
They wouldn’t feel the pure joy and gratitude as they felt whenever Hanna and her friends came sneaking in some food and medicine. 
"Why didn’t you say anything after? You could have saved her if the alpha knew about it." 
"Will you believe it?" Hanna asked point blank. "Before what happened, I have told everyone about Miss Iris, that she is not like her father, but not a single soul believed me." 
Even if they had the slightest faith in Iris or Hanna’s words, they wouldn’t have done the thing that they did to her. 
"Even now, there are still people who question my story and intentions, right?" Hanna smiled at Will sadly. 
Meanwhile, Will understood why Iris didn’t want to be exposed and what her concern was. 
"I am not an angel like you said, that entire ’angel’ image actually belongs to her." Hanna shifted her attention toward Iris, smiling warmly. "She is an angel. Her heart was so pure, but she suffered so much. In fact, I only knew about your condition because she witnessed you being tortured." 
There was silence between them after that statement, until Will cleared his throat awkwardly and then looked at Hanna. 
"Yes, I am very grateful for what she has done, she is kind and... different from her father." Hearing that admission, Hanna turned toward him and looked at the man with gratitude. "But, it doesn’t mean that you don’t deserve to receive our gratitude. You played a huge role and for me, you are like an angel. My view of you didn’t change at all." And he hastily added before it became more awkward. "So was the case with everyone else." 
========================== 
A month passed and things went uneventfully. The fortress had been strengthened, houses had been rebuilt and people started to trade again, while Iris was still unconscious. 
There were a few problems here and there, but everything was still under control, especially since they had the funds. 
An urgent problem that Cane had to face right now was; the orphans. Those children, whose parents died during the attack and had their house destroyed. He didn’t have any idea what he needed to do with them. If they were a little bit older, he would send the boys to training and the girls to help with the other omegas in the pack house. 
However, there was nothing that had been settled yet. 
And another important problem was; the monster hunting. After the attack, it was proven that the monsters had grown significantly in number. 
After a few long discussions, it was decided that the monster hunt would be held within four days from now and they would send the Blue Moon pack’s former warriors to venture deeper into the mountain. 
In order to make sure that they did their job, none of them would be allowed to return without killing ten monsters each, which, of course, ensued an uproar for them. 
But, it was easily suppressed when Stone reminded them that they had done the same thing for the past ten years and mocked them about how incompetent they were for whining over such a thing. 
Redmond was the leader of the warriors and he looked agitated beyond words when, as a slave, he couldn’t change their impending fate to face the monsters. 
"I know you are frustrated, but you will get used to being a slave at one point," Stone mocked him openly and this almost caused a ruckus if it was not for Cane stopping them in time. 
But, the day before that would be so tense, since they wouldn’t be given the Rottingbane tea, which meant they would be able to shift into their beasts and entertain the funny idea of attacking them instead. 
Thankfully, nothing like that happened after Cane gave a serious warning to Redmond that he wouldn’t hesitate to toss them all out of the fortress after cutting off their limbs. 
And just like any other day, he went to visit Iris. 
He didn’t do anything and just stood by the bedside and stared at her for ten minutes and then left again without saying anything. 
But, this ten minutes tonight happened to be the time when Iris finally opened her eyes, after being unconscious for a month long. 
Cane’s jaw ticked when he saw Iris groggily open her eyes. She took her surroundings in and met his eyes. 
"How are you feeling?" 
"I... I am in pain..." Iris replied absentmindedly.
###Chapter 67: WHAT WILL YOU DO WITH THAT POWER?
Chapter 67: WHAT WILL YOU DO WITH THAT POWER?
Iris felt like she was walking into a bright room filled with blinding light, where the colorful glass that lined the walls diffused the light and scattered it into various colors on the tiled floor. 
It was a beautiful hall, but there was no one there except for her. She was alone, but at the same time, she didn’t feel she was alone, as if there was someone there to guide her. 
But, guiding her where? She wasn’t going anywhere... 
Iris looked around her, but this hall was almost empty and there was nothing to look at, except for the tall podium in front of her. 
Thus, she walked closer to it. She had this urge to reach that spot and was curious about the blinding light behind it. 
Her legs guided her there, even without her realizing it. 
Iris climbed a few steps, leading to the podium, before she saw it. 
There were five swords behind the podium and the glinting light was coming from them. Sword. It was a rare weapon in the continent she lived in because most of them were shifters or sorcerers, who didn’t need swords for a fight. 
However, the urge hit her again. She felt the need to touch those swords. She stretched out her hand, but before she could feel the cold steel, the light that lured her there, suddenly burst before her eyes before the room started to spin. 
Iris closed her eyes and whimpered, but in the next second, she felt a sudden burst of pain. It was so extreme, almost unbearable. She writhed in agony and curled her body on the floor, all the while surrounded by the blinding light. 
She gasped for air and tried to breathe, until the pain diminished to a dull ache. Now, she only felt slightly uncomfortable since the light was no longer so bright. Soon she realized she was lying on a soft mattress. 
That was the time when she opened her eyes groggily and looked at her surroundings. 
She was no longer inside the almost empty hall. This room was so familiar to her and there was no sight of the five swords, but she found that same pair of dark eyes, staring at her in shock. 
It was so rare to see any emotions in that particular face. Could she consider herself lucky? 
"How are you feeling?" Didn’t know what to say, he just asked the most common question. 
"I... I am in pain..." she replied absentmindedly. The pain was still there, though it had reduced significantly. However, her body was very stiff, as if she had not moved from her position for a long time. 
Cane creased his brows and then walked out of the room, which made Iris feel disappointed. She thought he would help her or something, but then not long after that, someone entered the room noisily and a second later, she could see Hanna’s face. She was bawling her eyes out when she approached her and hugged her. 
"Oh, Miss Iris... oh, heavens! I thought I would lose you! You didn’t know how scared I was!" Hanna started crying and this made Iris’ head ache and the only thing that she could do was to pat her back. 
"I am fine, Hanna..." she sighed. "But, you are almost crushing me..." 
"Oh!" Hanna jolted and immediately released her body. "Oh, I am sorry, I am sorry! I am so thrilled to see you wake up, I didn’t realize that I am hurting you..." 
"No, you didn’t hurt me... you will never hurt me." And Iris was serious about what she said. Anyone could hurt her, but Hanna would never do that. "How long have I been out for?" 
Hanna helped Iris to sit down and gave her a glass of water, which she drank greedily. Her throat was dry and her lips were parched, but it was her body that felt extremely stiff. 
"A month..." Hanna said uneasily. "It was like I was going to lose you with each day you didn’t open your eyes. I thought the healers were quacks for not being able to heal you..." 
Iris stopped reading what Hanna was rumbling after she told her how long she had been unconscious for. A month?! No wonder her body felt so rigid. 
But then, another thing that attracted Iris’ attention was the fact that this room was almost unrecognizable with the amount of flowers that filled every corner of it. The smell was so refreshing, but still, weren’t there too many flowers here? 
Not long after that, Grace and Ardand entered the room, they checked on her attentively and talked to Hanna about the medicine that she had to give her regularly. 
Iris could feel Grace uneasiness, but she didn’t pay any attention to that, because she was too tired and wanted to go back to sleep, yet Hanna didn’t let her. She made her eat first before she could have a shut eye. 
========================= 
"The monster hunt will last for a week," Jace said as he perched on the windowsill in the library. Recently, Cane visited this place often, thus if he couldn’t find him in his room, training ground or his study room, he would come here. 
It seemed, Iris’ obsession with books rubbed off on him, because he had been reading books about his curse. 
The new moon was a week ago and without Iris there, the excruciating pain hit him double fold. He felt like his brain melted as every single bone in him shattered when he was forced to shift into the cursed lycan form. 
He craved her presence and it didn’t sit well with him for having that thought. More so, he really wanted to know what was different about Iris. And how could her presence have such an impact on him. She was like a riddle that he couldn’t figure out. 
"Thanks for the treasury, I think we will be good now. We can actually move to the Howling Wolf pack by next month at the latest." Jace had calculated everything and technically, the pack house in the Howling Wolf pack would be ready by next month. As long as Cane had wrapped everything up in this pack, they could go. 
Someone that the alpha pointed out would take charge of the Blue Moon pack. 
"What are you going to do with the warriors from the Blue Moon pack?" Jace put down the ledger in his hands before walking toward Cane, who was perusing the book in his hands. 
It would be great if they could make them pledge their loyalty to Cane, but if they still insisted on not doing that, the only thing that was waiting for them was being a mining slave or getting killed. 
Despite how strong and useful they were, they couldn’t afford to have them turning their backs and becoming a scourge to them at the end of the day. 
"They will pledge their loyalty." Cane closed the book in his hands and then stood up. 
"Where are you going?" Jace looked at the alpha, who was walking toward the door. "Are you going to the mining site?" 
The monster hunt had started yesterday and Ethan took charge of looking over how it went. He would make sure that everything went accordingly. However, he wouldn’t stop grumbling about how he had to deal with Redmond and hoped that warrior became excrement of the monsters out there. 
Every time he returned, he would go straight to Jace and complain. 
The gamma thought it would be better to let them roam around the Goffa mountain rather than to have them return behind the fortress, since they only gave them more headache than benefit. 
Jace wanted to follow Cane, but one look of him was enough to make him know that the alpha didn’t want to be followed. 
Cane’s mood had been so bad these past few days and coupled with the absence of Aria, who didn’t come and visit him as often, he looked even more tense than usual. The beta thought everything would finally go in the right direction, but it didn’t seem like that. 
Meanwhile, Cane went to Iris’ bedroom, he needed to have a long overdue conversation with her. 
"Leave us alone," Cane said to Hanna and Amee, who came to visit Iris. 
The two of them lowered their heads and strode out of the room. Hanna gave her missy one last look before she closed the door. 
Silence engulfed the room once it was only the two of them. 
On the other hand, Iris sat stiffly on her bed. She felt a lot better now, though she felt a little bit sluggish every now and then. 
"Can you walk?" That was the first thing that Cane asked her, which left Iris a little bit confused. 
"I can walk to the bathroom," Iris replied honestly. "But, I will feel a little bit dizzy if I stand up for too long." 
Cane was silent again for a moment. He contemplated his options. "Do you know Redmond?" 
Iris tried to remember his name. "The only person named Redmond that I know of is the former leader of the warriors of the Blue Moon pack." 
"Yes, it’s him." 
"I just know him because he used to come to my father to receive orders every now and then. More than that, I don’t know anything about him." Iris eyed Cane warily when she spoke about her father, but the alpha didn’t even have a change of expression. "What about him?" 
"He agreed to pledge his loyalty with the rest of the warriors of the Blue Moon pack," Cane said, just as usual, he didn’t beat around the bush about his intentions. 
Iris was surprised to hear that. "That’s great, right?" But then, she didn’t understand why he was discussing this with her. 
"It is not me that he wants to pledge his loyalty to." 
Iris blinked her eyes. She was not sure where this conversation was going. "If it is not you, then who does he want to pledge his loyalty to?" Her eyes widened a moment later. "Is it my brother? But, Mason is a slave now..." 
The last thing that she heard about her brother was; he was fed just enough to keep him alive, while receiving a good beating every now and then. She felt bad for him, but not bad enough until she would spend her time feeling bad about his misfortune. 
"No." Cane shook his head. "It is you that he wants." 
"Me?" That sounded even more absurd in her mind. "I don’t know anything about it. I swore to you I never met with him when I worked in the mines." Iris immediately became defensive, she didn’t want Cane to have any other idea about her. 
In the midst of her pain because of what those people had done to her, she heard how Hanna defended her by telling them what she had done for them, but halfway through it, she lost her consciousness and didn’t know what kind of reaction they showed after the revelation. 
Iris sighed in relief when Hanna said that they were remorseful and had been sending these flowers since she lost her consciousness, and also had been asking about her wellbeing. 
She was relieved because things could have gone worse until they hated Hanna instead, thankfully, it was not the case. 
"I wasn’t even close to him." Iris added when Cane said nothing. "There is no way I gave him such an idea." 
"I know." Finally, Cane broke the silence. "Then, what will you do?" 
"With what?" 
Cane frowned at the question, because he thought Iris was quick to understand the situation, but probably being hit by stones made her a little bit confused, thus he needed to give her a little bit of an explanation. 
"What would you do if he pledged his loyalty to you?" Cane asked her point blank. "I must say the warriors from Blue Moon pack are not people that you can think of so lightly. With such power in your hand, what will you do?" 
Iris realized the gravity of the situation and that her words would determine her fate. 
After all, control over the Blue Moon pack warriors was mighty and having such power in your hands could be a double- edged knife.
###Chapter 68: A FEEBLE TRUST
Chapter 68: A FEEBLE TRUST
"What would you do if he pledged his loyalty to you? With such power in your hands, what will you do?" Cane asked her point blank. 
"What can I do with such power?" Iris asked him back. "If you think I want to take back this pack, I can assure you that’s not in my mind. I don’t even know what to do with my life, let alone with a whole pack." 
Cane didn’t give any response to her statement and Iris found it hard to have a conversation with him whenever he had a conversation with himself in his mind. 
"May I know what you will do with two packs in your hands?" Iris asked gingerly. Something about him intrigued her, she wanted to know more about him. 
Cane didn’t make all the people in the Blue Moon pack slaves like her father did. To be honest, from what Hanna told her, people in the Blue Moon pack actually liked him more as their alpha even though he only stepped up to the position just a bit over four months back. 
One could imagine what kind of misery that they had to go through in Alpha Gerald’s reign, despite them being the members of the Blue Moon pack itself. 
Cane only punished those who were at fault, the privileged families who abused their power and the wicked people, including those warriors, who refused to bow down to him. 
Iris waited for Cane to answer her, but he didn’t say a word, in the end, she changed her question. "What do you want me to do with the former warriors of the Blue Moon pack? Do you want me to accept their loyalty?" Iris looked at him warmly. "At the end of the day, they belong to you even if they pledged their loyalty to me now." 
Cane held her eyes. He was standing next to the bed with his arms folded in front of his chest and from where Iris was sitting down on the bed, he looked so huge and terrifyingly cold. 
"I have told you I have no desire for power." Iris shrugged her shoulders. "But, I want something in return." 
Cane’s jaw ticked when he heard this. Of course, she would want something in return. She would look for benefit, just like her father. It had become a habit of him to not think of alpha Gerald and his children in a good light. 
However, Cane immediately realized how wrong that way of thinking was. 
"What do you want?" He asked in a gruff tone. 
Iris averted her eyes for a moment before she spoke again. "I don’t want to get hurt anymore. I don’t want to be in pain." 
Cane could understand that, but wasn’t that a plain and na?ve request? Didn’t she realize what all of this was about at all? Should he explain to her more in detail? 
He hated it whenever he had to talk with someone that needed a lengthy explanation to understand. 
However, Iris’ request was as simple as that. 
"I want your protection and your word." 
Cane narrowed his eyes. Everything he had to face was always complicated, so it was hard for him to believe that her request was so innocent. 
"I don’t want to be hit, I don’t want to be whipped, I don’t want to be hurt again. If you can protect me from being in pain, I will help you with whatever you need me to do," Iris said earnestly, she was genuine with her words. 
"Is it true?" Cane finally spoke again. 
"What?" Iris tilted her head, confused about what he was talking about. 
"Why did you do that for my people?" 
Ah. Iris realized that they had changed the topic now. 
"Why won’t I when I can help?" Iris asked him back. "I would help if I could."
"By getting whipped as punishment?" 
"If I can save even one life by getting whipped, I think it’s worth it." 
That was a brave answer, but he didn’t think that he would hear it from someone spawned by Alpha Gerald. "It is still hard to believe that an evil person like Alpha Gerald has a daughter like you." 
Iris chuckled lightly. "Probably I took after my mother. People said my mother was a good woman. Unfortunately, I don’t remember her much, because she died when I was just a year old." 
"Is your mother luna Nera?" 
"Yes, do you know her?" Iris was surprised, she looked excited to hear his reply. 
"Not really. I was only an ignorant boy when she was still alive," Cane replied lightly, he sat down on the edge of the bed. "I heard she was a good luna. She fed the poor and people loved her." 
"Yes, that’s what I heard too." Iris was a little bit disappointed that Cane didn’t know much about her mother and heard the same thing as what people always told her. "I know this is meaningless, but I apologize for what my father and brother had done to you and your people." 
"Do you want me to forgive your father?" 
Iris immediately shook her head. "No. Of course not. I feel bad because there is nothing much that I can do." 
"Stop it there," Cane grunted. He didn’t want to have such an emotional conversation with her or talk about what had happened. This had gone too far from his original intentions. This young woman managed to distract him. "How can I trust you with sole control over the former warriors of the Blue Moon pack in your hands?" 
Iris held his eyes for a long moment before she replied to that. "Just like how you trusted that the food I sent was not poisoned. You trusted me when you didn’t know me for years, but why can’t you trust me now?" 
Cane was surprised that he couldn’t refute that. It was a rare occasion that someone managed to outspeak him. 
To think about it again, Iris didn’t have any goal for herself. She was not power hungry, her intention was not malicious either. Moreover, she definitely was not as wicked as her father or else, Hanna wouldn’t stick around with her and readily sacrifice herself for her. 
Such devotion was not something that you could find easily. Seeing that young servant, reminded Cane of Jace, Ethan, Amee, Aria and the blind faith that his people had in him during those dark times. 
On the other hand, seeing how Cane couldn’t retort her, Iris pushed her luck a little bit. She knew that Cane was not a bad person. He had a rough life, but it didn’t turn him into someone cruel like her father, not even close. 
"I am your luna now." Iris saw Cane frowning a little bit at that statement. He was not fond of being reminded of that. "You marked me and you can feel it too that the bond started to grow. I have no reason to hurt you and now that I am your mate, I have no reason to betray you." 
Mate. 
The word was like a dagger stabbed in his chest. 
"I had a mate and she died in your father’s hands." The word felt so distasteful in his mouth. All the rage that he had buried at the back of his head came to the surface. 
"I know." Iris lowered her head, she was ashamed and didn’t know what to say. She was afraid to say a word and aggravate Cane even more. 
There was a long moment of silence that stretched out between them, while Iris hung her head so low. She felt guilty for something that she didn’t do, while Cane didn’t know why he had this sudden outburst. 
It had been a while since his emotions got the better of him. 
Cane then tapped Iris’ leg to get her attention. "Redmond will be here tomorrow." 
Iris understood what it meant. She still couldn’t walk too far, thus instead, they would bring Redmond here to make him pledge his loyalty to Iris, just like what he wanted. This was the best outcome that Cane could get out of that warrior. 
And when Cane was about to stand up, Iris immediately stopped him by grabbing his sleeve, which made him frown. She retracted her hand immediately. She forgot that he hated to be touched. 
"I am sorry," she muttered. "I want to show you something once I am a little bit better. Will you go on a walk with me then?" 
Cane tilted his head, he couldn’t figure out what she wanted him to see, but then there was no harm in agreeing to that request. 
"Okay." 
And with that, Cane stood up again and walked out of the room, to let her get the rest she needed. 
However, before Cane could walk out of the door, he turned around and saw Iris was still looking at him, so he spoke calmly. 
"Thank you for what you have done. I really appreciate it." He then added. "I will not let you get hurt, but I will kill you myself if you betray me." 
Iris was slightly taken aback by the harsh words that he packed in his last statement, but Cane didn’t wait for her response and strode out of the room. 
From her understanding, he trusted her. Even though it was still so feeble, she would hold onto it. After all, she didn’t have any reason to betray him. 
The next day, Hanna was told to prepare Iris and bring her to the library. 
"You are still sick, why does the alpha want you to go to the library?" Hanna braided her hair after she helped Iris to put on her dress. 
Iris had not yet told her about her conversation with the alpha the day before, but she would tell her later when she was sure about what would happen, ultimately, she had no one to confide in, except for Hanna. 
"I will let you know later," Iris said, smiling at Hanna through the mirror. 
Hanna nodded and happily dressed her up. She escorted her to the library and retreated once she helped her to sit down on the chair. 
This was the first time for Iris to be out of her bedroom and meet other people after the incident. 
True to what Hanna had told her, people respected her more and the guards didn’t throw her contemptuous looks anymore. They lowered their heads to greet her willingly. Though they didn’t say much, she couldn’t actually feel the hostility from them anymore. 
This was an outcome she had never dared to think about. 
"We will have to wait for Ethan, he is bringing Redmond with him." Jace informed Iris, though he didn’t need to do that. 
The beta was not particularly mean to her when she was a slave, but he didn’t treat her like an important figure after she was marked by Cane and declared as the luna either. 
However, right now, he seemed to have softened his heart toward her. 
Iris sat next to Cane and one thing she noticed was that the huge wooden table in the middle of the library had been replaced with four round tables, each with four chairs. 
Iris was not sure what the reason for the change of the furniture was, but if it was about what she thought, it would be amusing. How could he catch on to what happened with only a small gesture of hers that night when she showed him the books on lycans? 
Iris glanced at Cane, but he said nothing to her once she entered the library and stayed just as quiet as his usual self. 
And not long after that, Ethan came into the room with a man and four guards in his tow. Because this was during a monster hunt, Redmond was not given Rottingbane, which meant he could shift into his beast and could be a danger for them here. 
"I brought Redmond with me, the leader of the former warriors of the Blue Moon pack," Ethan said in his usual cheerful voice. The gamma found Iris and he smiled warmly. His eyes were full of mirth.
###Chapter 69: WHAT DO YOU WANT TO SHOW ME?
Chapter 69: WHAT DO YOU WANT TO SHOW ME?
The last time Iris saw Redmond was a week before the Blue Moon pack lost the battle against the Howling Wolf pack led by Cane. 
Redmond had told her father that they needed to evacuate and ask for more help from the king, but her father was too arrogant to listen to him. He didn’t actually think a former slave like Cane could gather so much power within half a year to take down his pack. 
But then, reality hit him hard as he turned out to be hopelessly wrong while his arrogance only made him pay a huge price. 
Iris tried to think of a reason for Redmond wanting to pledge his loyalty to her when they didn’t even know each other so well. It would be less complicated if he bowed to Cane and acknowledged him as the new alpha. 
However, from the looks of it, Iris realized this was his final and only resort to preserve the last shred of dignity he had as the leader of the warriors, as if trying to imply, even until his last, he didn’t bow down to the alpha. He was aiming to rub this in Cane’s face by actually pledging his loyalty to his mate instead. 
It was actually not common for a warrior to pledge his loyalty to the luna, unless when the alpha was inept and unable to lead the pack, probably that was the message that he wanted Cane to receive. 
But then, Cane couldn’t care less about that, since his goal was way bigger than minding such a petty revenge. 
"Miss Iris," Redmond called her name gently, as if they had known each other for a long time. He knelt on one knee and lowered his head, offering her the utmost respectful gesture. "I am glad you are well after the huge ordeal that you have to suffer. You don’t deserve to go through that, especially after what you have done for them." 
He must have heard about what those people had done to her, along with the things she did for them in the past. Though his voice sounded humble and pleasant, there was also mockery, which he directed at the alpha for not being able to tame his people. 
Ethan gritted his teeth, while the four guards were having a hard time trying not to scowl at his statement. They had been feeling bad enough without his reminder. 
Meanwhile, Cane and Jace said nothing, it seemed both of them shared the same personalities at one point. 
"A misunderstanding can be scary." Iris played down what happened to her. "You may rise," she said softly. 
"Indeed." Redmond stood up, he made sure that he didn’t pay any mind to the alpha at all. Yet, he still ended up being the one to be upset because Cane didn’t care about his childish behavior at all. 
"Let’s wrap this up quickly," Jace said in a dismissive tone, as he nodded to the other four guards that came with Ethan. 
One of them walked out of the room and returned a few minutes later with a bowl, made of stone and engraved with intricate words along the rim. 
This was a vessel bond, where two people would offer blood to bind them in a pact. This was commonly used by those who would pledge their loyalty. 
The vessel bond held magical power and if the person pledging their loyalty committed any act of treason, it would bring them pain. 
The vessel bond was like a small basin with a croak in the middle of it. Despite how shabby this vessel looked, the intricate words that were written in gold along its rim gave this device an impression of something antique in nature. 
Ethan gave a small dagger to Redmond for him to use and draw blood from his hand. 
Radmond received the small dagger and raised his hand above the bonding vessel. He sliced the blade against his palm until a droplet of blood fell into the bowl. 
"I will protect you and not bring harm upon you. Follow you and will not question you and this is my oath for you." 
The intricate words around the rim of the stone vessel gleamed following what Redmond said. The droplet of blood couldn’t be seen anymore, as if the vessel had absorbed it completely. 
"Luna, your turn." Jace handed another dagger to Iris, which made her grimace. She didn’t like to hurt herself, but this time, it was something that should be done. 
With uncertainty, Iris took the dagger and took a deep breath. She did what Redmond had done and once a droplet of her blood dropped into the bowl, it got absorbed too and the gleam of the intricate words grew brighter. 
"I take your oath and may you have faith in me." Iris felt a warm feeling inside her chest when the pact had been formed between the two of them. 
Redmond would never betray Iris and so would the people under him. He wouldn’t bring any harm on her and that was enough for her. 
After the oath was made, Ethan gave a handkerchief to Iris. Then he told the four guards to escort Redmond out of this library. They would send him back to the mines, where the monster hunt was being held. 
"Thank you," Iris muttered, as she received the handkerchief and wrapped it around her hand to stop the bleeding. 
"You need to see Grace, she must be able to stop your bleeding in an instant," Ethan suggested enthusiastically, which left Iris bewildered about how the gamma treated her very differently now, as if someone just pressed a switch in his personality. 
However, the alpha had another idea. "Leave," Cane said firmly. 
"But, she is bleeding, we need to call Grace, at least." Ethan tried to retort the order, but Jace dragged him out of the library to leave Cane and Iris alone. Thankfully, the beta was wise enough to read the situation and get rid of the gamma before the alpha did it himself. 
Once it was only the two of them, Cane beckoned Iris to follow him. He led her to one of the bookshelves, where she noticed the books about ancient curses and whatnot. 
"Do you think you can find a specific stone?" Cane gave a book to her and flipped to a specific page, where he pointed at the picture of a specific stone. "I want you to find this." 
"Huh?" Iris was taken aback, staring at the book. "I don’t know how." She lifted her head and looked at Cane dejectedly. "I would love to help, but I truly don’t know how to find a specific stone." 
"Come here." Cane walked toward one of the four tables and sat down, while Iris followed and sat across from him. From his pocket, he took out three magic stones. Iris immediately realized those were the three stones that she had found. "These are different stones." 
Before this, Iris had learned a few things about the magic stone, each stone held a different power. There were four elements of magic stones, which then further branched according to more specific characters. 
The most common magic stones were earth magic stones and water magic stones. The fire magic stones could be found in specific locations. However, the air magic stone, which happened to be also the one that Cane showed to her, was the rarest among all magic stones. 
"From what I learnt, these two are earth magic stones, while this one is a water magic stone." Iris pointed at the stones one by one. 
"Yes, you are right." 
"But, why do you want me to find this magic stone?" Iris tilted her head. "Even if I can sense the difference, this is the rarest stone that exists." 
Cane didn’t answer that, which didn’t surprise Iris. Maybe one day, he could be more open with her. 
"Try to practice with these." Cane pushed the three stones toward her and told her that he would look forward to seeing her progress. He stood up and left her alone in the library. 
"Wait, did he just give me homework?" Iris couldn’t figure out what kind of situation she was in. 
Cane didn’t say an exact time when she needed to find the magic stone, but from the looks of it, this was something important. 
"Why does he want this?" Iris slipped the three stones into her pocket and then spent the rest of the day holed up inside the library to read more books on the magic stones and their variations, also the difference in power that each stone held. 
However, no matter how powerful a magic stone was, it was useless for the shifters, as their power was so different from those healers or sorcerers. 
"What does he actually want?" 
When the sun almost set, Iris lit up the candles inside the library to continue reading. But soon Hanna came to her, looking miffed because she didn’t immediately return to her bedroom. 
"I thought you were still with the alpha, but I met sir Ethan and he said that the meeting had ended hours ago. Why didn’t you return? You need to drink your medicine," Hanna nagged, as she strode into the library and looked at Iris morosely. "You need to drink your medicine, you know." 
"I am sorry," Iris said gently to see how Hanna was so concerned about her. 
After that day, Iris didn’t leave her room again for another week, until the monster hunt had finished. That was the most peaceful week she had in her life and from what Iris heard from Hanna, Aria was still trying to visit the alpha, but Cane was always very busy, especially since they were preparing to move back to the pack house of the Howling Moon pack. 
"We will leave this place..." Hanna said sadly. She looked a little bit somber. 
Iris knew, while this place didn’t hold good memories for a lot of people, including her, they had lived here for years. Iris only knew this place since she was born. To know that they had to leave soon, made them a little bit sentimental. 
However, it also meant they didn’t have a lot of time to be here and there was still something that Iris needed Cane to see. 
"Hanna, can you ask Jace or Ethan if they can ask the alpha to make time for me? Tell them that I want to show him something that I had promised him before." 
"What do you want to show him?" Hanna got curious. 
"I want to show him ’that’." 
Hanna looked at Iris for a moment, before something clicked in her mind. "You really want to show him that? Do you think it’s a good idea?" 
"I don’t know, but he needs to know." 
Hanna didn’t ask further about it and just followed what Iris wanted her to do. 
And when Hanna returned, she told her that the alpha would see her in three days, since he needed to wrap up the monster hunt first and there were a few urgent things that he had to take care of first. 
Iris could see what Cane dedicated his life to and how he poured his soul into what he was doing. It surprised her that what her father had done didn’t completely break him. Or so what she thought... 
On the third day, Cane came to her bedroom at noon after lunch. He looked stoic as usual and didn’t say much, but his mood seemed to be a little bad from what Iris sensed. Would it be a good decision to let him know about this? Iris couldn’t stop having second thoughts about her decision. 
"What do you want to show me?" 
"Can you come with me to the hill on the east side of this pack?" Iris approached him, she was dressed simply with her hair braided behind her back. 
Cane didn’t know what she wanted to do, but he had cleared his agenda for this afternoon, thus he agreed with her. 
Cane tapped her shoulder to get her attention. "How about your progress?" 
Iris grimaced and Cane got the answer he needed.
###Chapter 70: YOU WILL BE WITH A CHILD
Chapter 70: YOU WILL BE WITH A CHILD
"How about your progress?" Cane asked her about the stones. 
But, Iris grimaced because she still couldn’t figure out how to distinguish the difference while feeling the two types of stones she had with her. Yes, there was a subtle yet peculiar sense unique to each type, but she still couldn’t fully grasp the difference between the two. 
Seeing the troubled expression on Iris’ face, Cane got his answer and didn’t ask further. 
"Why do you want to get the air magic stone? Does that have anything to do with your curse?" Iris tried to ask about this again, but Cane didn’t seem interested in answering that question. He opened the carriage door and let Iris get inside first as he sat across from her. 
The alpha looked out the window and from his demeanor, it was clear he didn’t want to be bothered, thus Iris didn’t say anything. She kept quiet during their entire trip to the east side of the pack, where there was a big tree on top of the hill. 
Iris had been there thrice before. On very rare occasions, when her father was in an extremely good mood, he would allow her to roam around the village and town. 
And when she was ten years old, a month after the fall of the Howling Wolf pack, her father was over the moon and allowed her to go out of the pack house. 
That was the time when Iris went to the hill again, the place that she knew from Hanna. Her personal maid had taken her there for the first time when she was seven. 
Iris was staring at the garden when the carriage passed the gate. There, she saw two villagers carrying bouquets of flowers and talking to the guards. 
They chatted happily and when the carriage passed them, she could read a little bit of their conversation. 
"...She is recovering. She looked healthy." 
"Heavens! I am so happy to hear that." 
Somehow, it brought tears to Iris’ eyes. Hanna had been telling her the truth, the villagers and the town people were genuine with their feelings toward her. 
Iris felt like her heart was a little bit lighter, as if a huge burden had been lifted from her shoulders. Probably she was too sentimental about this, but the warmth in her heart was so real. 
On the other hand, Cane saw her wipe tears from her eyes, but he said nothing. 
Unbeknownst to them, there was someone watching the carriage move away, her eyes were so gloomy and her jaw was clenched. She balled her hands into fists until her nails stabbed her palms. 
"Where are they going?" Aria asked Dalia, who was following her. 
After her last conversation with Cane in the restroom at the training ground, Aria decided to stay away from him, in hopes the alpha would realize the void that was being filled with her presence, but from the looks of it, he was too busy with a lot of things to even remember to eat or rest properly. 
However, he still made time to visit Iris for five to ten minutes every day, just to check on her. 
Still, Aria hoped Cane would realize her absence sooner or later. Wise people said that absence might make the heart grow fonder. 
Yet when she heard that Iris finally woke up, she couldn’t help seething. More so, when the alpha asked her to have a private meeting in the library where Redmond pledged his loyalty to her. 
Things seemed to progress in Iris’ favor now while she was being pushed aside. The people loved her because of the sob story that Hanna told them. 
So, what if she helped them?! Would they forget completely about what her father and brother had done to them?! 
"They are going to the east side of the village from what I heard," Dalia told Aria. She was standing next to her, while holding a small box filled with many new accessories. 
Cane didn’t lie when he said that she could do whatever she wanted. He gave her a lot of money to indulge herself in the activities she didn’t think she would be able to experience at all as a lowborn. 
However, what Aria really wanted was Cane. She didn’t want anything else. 
"Why are they going there?!" Aria hissed viciously, as she turned around and looked at Dalia menacingly, as if she had done something so wrong that offended her. 
"I don’t know..." Dalia immediately shook her head. "I only heard about it from the guards." Aria was not satisfied with that answer and then turned around to go. "Where are you going?" 
Dalia wanted to follow her, but Aria glared at her. "Don’t follow me. Take care of my accessories!" 
Aria was furious. She was mad that not only did Cane not care about her anymore, but he actually went out with Iris. He literally made time for her and this boiled her blood with anger. 
Why did all of them care so much about what Iris had done and glossed over the fact that they had been through hell for a decade because of her father and brother?! How could they accept her readily?! 
Aria couldn’t help but feel so bitter about this one fact. She felt like everyone left her alone, she was alone in this darkness and her feelings turned even worse when she saw how they paid so much attention to Iris. 
"Are those flowers for Iris?" Aria asked a guard, who brought a bouquet of flowers with him. 
"Yes, the villagers want to give this to Miss Iris," he said. 
Aria scoffed to hear the way they addressed her differently. "Give it to me." 
The guard looked conflicted, but he ended up giving the flowers to the mistress, knowing her rank was way higher than his. After all, he didn’t want to get on her bad side. 
"Where will you bring the flowers?" The guard asked because Aria didn’t walk toward Iris’ bedroom and instead headed in the opposite direction. 
She went to the back yard, where she threw the flowers on the ground and stepped on them after she made sure no one was nearby. She imagined it was Iris instead. She hated that woman to the core and wished she would die! 
She should have killed her when she had gotten the chance! Cane would understand if she killed her out of rage. After all, they didn’t need the runt! She was useless! 
"I must kill you!" Aria said through her gritted teeth, she was very angry at this point and the flowers that she stepped on had been crushed, they didn’t look like flowers anymore. "I should have killed you a long time ago!" 
Tears of rage started to stream down her face. Aside from anger, she felt fear. She feared losing Cane. She didn’t want to lose him at all. He was everything that she had. If she was not his mistress, she didn’t know what she was. 
The thought of being abandoned scared her so much. 
In her twisted mind, she dreamed of having a family with the alpha, surrounded by children of their own, so she could soothe his pain of losing his firstborn, but recently, he barely spent any time with her and now, he got so close to that runt! 
She felt abandoned. 
In the end, Aria crouched down and cried. She bawled her eyes out, sobbing to her heart’s content, but then she sensed someone else nearby and immediately stopped crying. She wiped her eyes furiously.
"Who is there?!" She quickly stood up and looked around her, her eyes were bloodshot from crying too much. 
She didn’t like it that someone else saw her in a vulnerable state like she was now. She felt so pathetic. 
And from behind the tree, Aria could see Dalia walk toward her sheepishly. "It is me, mistress," she said in a small voice. 
Aria glared at her. "How long have you been there?" She was furious, she really wanted to slap her. 
"I followed you here, mistress," she said carefully and then raised her head to see how mad Aria was. She was about to raise her hand, but she hastily spoke. "I heard what you said, I know how your heart grew uneasy because of that runt. I have an idea. I really want to help you..." 
Aria looked at her doubtfully, but then she lowered her hand. "Speak." There was no harm in listening to her. 
"Mistress, to win the alpha over, you need to be with a child." 
Aria blinked her eyes. She thought about that, but Cane had never talked about having children with her, thus she always drank her dragonheart earnestly. 
Seeing that Aria was silent, Dalia immediately scooted over, she talked in a low, but excited voice. "Mistress, an heir is very important for the alpha. You know that, right? Mason can’t be an alpha because they cut his manhood, rendering him unable to impregnate any woman, but if you are with a child, the alpha can’t ignore you." She then pulled out something from her pocket. "Drink this and stop taking that dragon heart tea, you will be with a child in no time."
###Chapter 71: THE BROKEN CHAIN
Chapter 71: THE BROKEN CHAIN
They finally arrived at the foot of the expansive hill. Since they needed to get to the place by foot, they got down from the carriage. 
Aside from Will, there were three more guards that came with them. Two of them were in their beast form, ready to take an action if they sensed any danger around them. 
"We need to get to that tree," Iris said, as she pointed her finger at the only tree on top of the hill. 
Cane lifted his head and looked at the bright sky. It was so clear and pristine. The wind that caressed their skins was so refreshing. Cane didn’t know there was a place so beautiful like this in the Blue Moon pack. 
"Stay here," Cane said when Will was about to follow him. The guard retreated and let the two of them walk ahead. 
There was no spot to hide in this vast area and as long as they could sense it was only them, who were there, it wouldn’t be a problem. Thus they stood behind, since they could still see the two of them.
Cane followed behind Iris, he looked around him and for some reason, his heart felt a little bit lighter. This place was so peaceful and serene. 
But, it didn’t stop him from being curious about what Iris wanted to show him. 
Both of them walked in silence and Cane let her walk ahead of him, but he didn’t say a word when Iris walked slower than him. 
"We are here." Iris panted a little bit when she looked around her and saw the village from afar. It was a sight to behold. "This is beautiful, isn’t it?" She turned her head and looked at Cane, who was standing next to her. 
"Yes, it is," he said impassively, but then, he didn’t like to postpone the matter at hand and asked bluntly after he tapped her shoulder to get her attention. "What do you want to show me?" 
Reading what he said, Iris felt flustered. She had been trying to think about how to bring this matter up, but she still couldn’t find the right words to choose in order to bring it up. 
"I don’t know if it is okay for me to let you know about this..." she became so nervous, her happy smile nowhere in sight now. 
"You already brought me here," he pointed out the obvious. There was no turning back from this. "You don’t need to beautify your words, just tell me what it is." He could tell that she was struggling to think about how she could inform him of it. 
"I- I buried your twin siblings and your son under this tree." Iris looked Cane straight in the eyes when she said that, and she witnessed the first vivid change of expression on his face when the realization finally dawned on him. 
He breathed raggedly when the information sunk in. He took a step back from her and his emotions were so clear. 
He was surprised, hurt, sad, and some more feelings that she couldn’t pinpoint for sure. Cane was going through tumultuous emotions that he had not yet felt for so long. 
"Alpha, are you alright?" Iris came closer to him, but he raised his hand to stop her. He didn’t want to be touched or feel crowded. He was not sure what he was feeling right now after knowing that piece of information. 
He turned his head and looked at the tree. This was a beautiful old tree with breathtaking scenery surrounding it. 
"Explain," Cane said curtly. 
He remembered what happened to his twin siblings that day. That fateful day, when he lost everything, when he thought only death could salvage his heartbreak for losing so much in his life. 
Edgar died in his black wolf form, in his attempt to protect his twin sister, while Rora was found not too far from him, pooled in her own blood. Alpha Gerald’s men had thrown her across the room where her body crashed into the wall once they killed Edgar and got to her. 
They threw her against the wall, the tables, whatever was nearby and slammed her small body to the floor. She died in pain, as her bones shattered from all the harsh collision. 
Cane didn’t know what alpha Gerald had done to his siblings’ bodies. But from what he heard, he tossed them into the fire pit, along with all the commoners. Some said he left their bodies in the Goffa mountain and let the monsters eat them. 
Whatever happened to their bodies, it was something that was not nice to hear, something that would tug on your heartstrings. 
Cane loved his twin siblings so much, he would be furious if they got hurt, but he couldn’t do anything for them when they had to face their tragic ends. 
Not even once did he imagine they would end up in this beautiful place. 
"There is no way your father will bury them here." Cane looked at Iris sternly. He didn’t trust her, but at the same time he wished she could convince him that what she was saying was true. 
"It was me and Hanna who buried them here," Iris said, as she walked toward the tree and dropped to her knees. She waved her hand at Cane so he could come closer and see something there. 
When Cane came closer, he saw something carved on the root of the tree. It said; 
**We little knew that day, God was going to call your name. In life we loved you dearly, In death, we do the same. 
It broke our hearts to lose you. 
You did not go alone. 
For part of us went with you, 
The day God called you home. 
You left us beautiful memories, Your love is still our guide. And although we cannot see you, You are always at our side. 
Our family chain is broken, And nothing seems the same, But as God calls us one by one, The chain will link again. 
### 
The Broken Chain Poem, by Ron Tranmer
###Chapter 72: SHE IS A KIND WOMAN
Chapter 72: SHE IS A KIND WOMAN
The poem was carved meticulously, it must have taken so much effort to carve such a long poem on the root of this huge tree. 
"I read that it is your pack tradition to carve a poem on the tombstone of your deceased loved ones." Iris was not sure whether Cane heard her or not at this moment, because his eyes were fixed on the poem that she carved on the root years ago. "I didn’t read many books about poems. This is the only poem that I can find and I thought it has a beautiful meaning." 
Iris tried to explain herself, she was afraid that the poem was not to his liking or she offended him in some way, because Cane didn’t say anything after reading it. 
Was he angry at her? She couldn’t say that for sure. The alpha was unpredictable and hard to read. 
"I collected their ashes inside an urn and buried it beneath the tree." Because Iris was nervous, she started to talk in more detail about this. "I heard that you are planning to move back to the pack house of the Howling Wolf pack, so I thought I need to let you know about this, just in case you want to take them back home," she explained. 
Take them back to their home... 
Cane felt a mixture of bitterness and longing that he couldn’t explain. He felt like he was on the edge of desperation. This was the last thing that he thought could happen to him. 
Taking them back... 
They would love to go home again after being so far away from home for so long. 
"Leave me alone," Cane said. His eyes were still fixed on the poem that Iris carved on the root. 
The chain will link again... 
"Okay, I will wait for you in the carriage," Iris said, understanding that he needed some alone time. She didn’t wish to disturb him from having this moment. 
Therefore, she stood up and trudged down the hill, leaving him alone there. 
"Why is the alpha still up there?" Will asked when he saw Iris return alone, while the alpha was still in the same position. 
"He needs some alone time," Iris said, which made Will furrow his brows. 
He had never heard the alpha needing some alone time before this and he wanted to know what actually happened, but he immediately realized that this question was not appropriate before he could voice it. 
Iris climbed into the carriage and waited for Cane to return. She closed her eyes and felt so tired after letting him know the truth. 
She knew that she couldn’t do much for him, but at the very least, he could bring his family back to their homeland. 
Iris felt the cold wind that caressed her face, as she watched the alpha’s back from afar. She was curious about how he felt right now and what was in his mind. 
However, Iris could feel the grief and anguish radiating from Cane’s back, knowing he was the sole survivor in his family and had a huge responsibility on his shoulders. 
Iris bit her lip to hold back her tears, she didn’t know why, but she had this sudden urge to cry at the sight of him right now. 
Not even once did he show weakness and now, he wanted to be left alone to conceal his agony, the sight of him mourning alone made Iris want to hug him. 
She wanted to help him with everything that she could. Probably, this was her way of paying him back for what her father had done to him and his family or maybe she just wanted to do it, not because for any reason, but because she knew he was someone that you could lay your faith on. 
In the end, Iris was too tired to wait and fell asleep. She thought she had fully recovered after drinking all the bitter herbs that Grace gave to her, but it seemed, she was still in demand to rest more. 
Iris woke up when she felt the carriage rattling. The carriage was moving. The first thing that caught her eye was the gloomy sky out there. It was already night and Cane was sitting across from her. His expression was unreadable per usual, but his eyes were on her, once he caught her movement. 
"I am sorry, I fell asleep." Iris immediately wiped her lips, afraid she would embarrass herself. But, Cane simply looked away from her. 
"You are tired," he said simply, without looking at her. He stared at the dark road. "We will arrive in an hour." 
"Oh, okay..." Iris didn’t know how to respond to that. 
Silence stretched between them until Cane spoke again. He tapped her knees to get her attention back on him, because right now, Iris was staring into the distance through the window beside her. 
"How?" He asked. "How could you get them?" 
Actually, what happened at that time was not very complicated. "My father ordered a guard to burn your siblings and your... son," She was a little bit uncomfortable when she mentioned the baby, but Cane didn’t show any reaction, thus she continued. "Hanna talked about that and I went to see the guard, who was tasked to do the job. I gave him two gold coins for him to put their ashes into the urn and not say anything to my father. He agreed." 
Iris actually got those two gold coins from Mason. She stole them from him, but he didn’t realize it, since he didn’t bother about measly two gold coins when he had his hands on the treasure. 
"At first, I wanted to bury them around the pack house, because I am rarely given permission to go out, but I didn’t feel comfortable with it." Iris didn’t need to explain why, because Cane could grasp the discomfort pretty quick. "Hanna then reminded me of the hill, so we decided to go there. Thankfully, I was allowed to go." 
"Hanna is a kind woman," Cane said. 
"Yes, she is." 
"So are you."
###Chapter 73: HOLDING THIS GRUDGE ALONE
Chapter 73: HOLDING THIS GRUDGE ALONE
"Brother, look! It is a huge tree!" Rora shook his body violently, as hard as a six year old could. "Wake up, brother Cane! You sleep too much!" 
"Don’t bother brother Cane, Rora, he is tired," Edgar reminded his twin. He tried to pull her away from his big brother and make her sit down next to him, but she simply wouldn’t listen. 
The little girl swatted his hands away and glared at him, which made Edgar grimace. Aside from their mother, he was more afraid of Rora than Cane or their father, because she could be so hostile when she wanted to. 
"Wake up! Wake up! Look at the tree!" Rora literally screamed in Cane’s ear at this point and this finally jolted him awake. 
Cane opened his eyes with a start and saw his sister giggling at the sight of his surprised expression. 
"You slept too much! You need to wake up! Or else, you will miss the scenery." 
Cane was stunned. They were currently inside a carriage. He remembered this was the twins’ first trip out of the pack house and both of them were very excited. 
Cane wanted to have a carriage for himself, because he knew the two of them would make a fuss, but in the end, he was stuck with these two little devils. 
"Look! Look outside!" Rora climbed into his lap and cupped his face with both of her small palms. She made him tilt his head forcefully in the direction she wanted him to turn to. "The tree is so big and beautiful, isn’t it?" 
On the other hand, Edgar stopped paying them attention. He chose to stick his nose in the book he was reading earlier. 
Out there, through the window, Cane could see a huge tree on top of the hill. They were currently moving past the Blue Moon pack on their way back to their pack after being two months away from their homeland. 
They went to visit alpha Derick in the north. 
It was fall, so the world looked more beautiful and the sky was almost the same color as the sun which slowly went down and left a red hue in the horizon. 
"Yes, it’s beautiful..." Cane said. He didn’t realize it, but a tear fell down his cheek. 
Roar frowned as she wiped his tears. "Brother, why are you crying? We are going home." 
Cane felt his heart constrict when he heard that. "Yes, little devil, we are going home." 
Rora grinned. "We are going home!" 
And when Cane woke up, he was in his bed and the sky was so bright. It was noon and he was alone. There was no Rora or Edgar there with him. 
He was alone. 
After that day they went to the hill, Cane planned to return a day before their planned departure to the Howling Wolf pack. He would bring back his siblings and his son home. The place where they belonged. 
Since that day as well, Cane and Iris would spend their time inside the library to find more information on the curse of the lycans. She also practiced how to distinguish the elements of the magic stones. For now, Iris started to grasp the difference between water and earth magic stones. It would be great if they could find a magic stone with another element other than these two. 
"Good morning, Miss Iris," a guard greeted her on her way to the library. A few servants nodded at her politely and smiled warmly when they saw her. At first, it made Iris feel a little bit awkward, but after two weeks, she started to warm up to them as well. 
Even though she was still reluctant to meet with the villagers, a stream of flowers would always come to her every day, which made Aria even more upset by that fact. She gritted her teeth every time she saw the guards take a new bouquet of flowers to Iris’ room. 
People moved on too fast and forgave too easily, which made the mistress feel even more bitter. 
On the other hand, Cane seemed to be so disconnected with Aria lately, since she became so stubborn and couldn’t see the whole picture. No matter how many explanations she was given, she was still stuck with her own opinion.
"Cane." Aria balled her fists. She stared at the alpha, as he turned around and looked at her, waiting to hear what she wanted to say. "I feel like you have left me behind." 
Cane put down the book in his hand and gave Aria his full attention. "I can’t make a better judgment from a place of hatred and revenge, but it doesn’t mean I forget about everything that happened to us." He held her eyes, as she was trying to fight back her tears. 
Aria didn’t want to live in that memory either, but she couldn’t let it go. The more she tried, the more she remembered what they had done to her and the more violence she wanted. She wanted Cane to treat the members of the Blue Moon pack the same as how Alpha Gerald had treated them. 
She wanted them to suffer. 
If it was not the pack members, at the very least, Cane had to vent out their anger on Iris, instead of keeping her close to him and making her the luna. 
In a way, Aria felt like she had been betrayed. She didn’t like Cane with Iris and how he disregarded her feelings about this matter. 
But then, if Cane turned into that person in her mind, what would be the difference between him and Alpha Gerald? 
"I don’t want to live in those dark memories, Aria, neither should you." Cane could see the pain in her eyes. 
"I will forever live in that dark memory, Cane. That’s part of me, part of you and part of us. How can you get rid of it so easily?" Aria was grieving. "I feel like I am a sinner to hold this grudge alone when all of you praise her for what she had done for us, forgetting about our pain." She was in pain.
###Chapter 74: I WILL NEVER FORGIVE YOU
Chapter 74: I WILL NEVER FORGIVE YOU
"I feel like I am a sinner to hold this grudge alone when all of you praise her for what she had done for us, forgetting about our pain." Aria was in pain to see how people looked at Iris and how they admired her, feeling guilty for hurting her. Why would they feel that way when they had suffered more? 
Aria gritted her teeth, she stared at Cane with teary eyes, trying to hold back her emotions, yet the alpha didn’t say anything. 
"You will not say anything about this." That was a statement and as if she realized this conversation wouldn’t go anywhere, she turned around and left the library. 
If it was someone else, she would have been punished for her rudeness, but Cane wouldn’t hold this against her. 
He understood what she felt, but they were not walking on the same path right now. She began to move further away. 
Outside of the library, Aria saw Iris standing behind the door. She was not sure whether she knew what the conversation inside was about or not, but it didn’t matter to her anymore. 
"I will never forgive you. Never." She emphasized her words with acrimony. 
Aria was tempted to give her a slap, but then the alpha was inside the library while she already got on his bad side after their argument. No matter what, she didn’t want to lose Cane’s affection just yet. She still had a plan in her mind, but she needed to calm herself down first and think about it thoroughly. 
On the other hand, Iris could only lower her eyes, as she let Aria glower at her. In a way, she understood her frustrations and why she was so hostile toward her. 
Only when Aria stormed away did Iris raise her head and enter the room. 
She looked around and found Cane was reading the book in his hands, but for some reason, he looked upset. There was something bothering him. 
"Alpha..." Iris called him gingerly, because she didn’t want to disturb him. However, he was the one who had called her to come over. 
Cane lifted his head from the book in his hand and then looked at Iris sharply, the tension after Aria’s outburst was so thick in the air. 
"I can come back again if you need some time," Iris said, she didn’t move from her position, but her eyes were on him. 
"No. Come with me." Cane then strode across the room and waited at the door when Iris didn’t immediately follow him. He stared at her as if asking; what are you waiting for? 
Iris immediately went running toward him and both of them walked out of the library toward the yard, where a carriage had been waiting for them. 
Cane opened the door and let her get inside first. 
Obediently, Iris entered the carriage and sat down. She didn’t know where they would go, but she didn’t think this was the right time to ask anything about it. After all, Cane did not seem to be in a good mood. 
Somehow, despite how cold his demeanor and how devoid his expression from any emotion was, she started to have a knack to read him. 
Halfway, Iris stared at the road that they were on and realized where they would go. 
"Are you bringing me to the mining site? Do you want me to find another magic stone?" She asked Cane, who had his eyes on the road as well. 
"You need practice," Cane replied lightly. "It is better if you expose yourself to the magic stones more." He then shifted his attention toward her. "What actually are you?" 
The question caught Iris off guard. "I am... a shifter, but I was born as a runt, so I can’t shift and have the same abilities as a normal shifter." Iris stared at her nails, but then she lifted her head again because she didn’t want to miss the conversation. The alpha would be pissed if he had to repeat his words and that was the last thing that she wanted. 
"Are you really a shifter?" 
"My mother and father are shifters." Iris became a little bit defensive. Alpha Gerald had emphasized it countless times that she was a disgrace to their family for being born as a runt. Thus, why did Cane bring this up? 
Both of them stared at each other for a few brief seconds, before she averted her gaze and stared at the grey clothes that he was wearing, enough for her to realize if he was about to talk again. 
However, Cane didn’t ask another question and the rest of their trip to the mines was so silent, it was almost suffocating. 
Once they arrived at the mining site, as usual, Stone greeted them. 
The man didn’t look at Iris directly, but he didn’t look as hostile as before either, despite that, she didn’t think much about it. 
But then, Iris felt something bump into her legs until it almost made her fall if it was not for Cane, who held her shoulder to steady her again. 
Iris looked down and found Ania grinning at her. 
"Luna Iris!" She chirped. The word luna was still strange for her. It took her aback slightly, but then she lifted the little girl when she raised both of her arms, asking to be hugged. 
Iris complied, but Stone had stepped in first and took his daughter away. He talked to Ania, which made the girl pout her lips. However, Iris couldn’t figure out what he was saying, since he had his back to her. 
"Say goodbye to Luna Iris." Stone made his daughter wave her hand, which she did reluctantly. 
"I will see you again later, okay?" Iris smiled at Ania and then followed Cane toward the mines. 
A few people that she met on the way would nod their heads politely at her, but the former warriors of the Blue Moon pack pretended like she was not there, despite the fact their leader had pledged his loyalty to her. 
"I want you to find water stones, only them," Cane said, as he stopped walking.
###Chapter 75: WHY DID HE LOOK SO ANGRY?
Chapter 75: WHY DID HE LOOK SO ANGRY?
Cane stopped walking in the middle of this barren land, where you could only see countless huge rocks around you. 
The mining site was an expansive butte, an isolated hill near the mountain Goffa and the terrain around here was very different. 
There was no vegetation at all, only rocks. It had precipitous sides with a smaller summit area, while on the mountain, you would be canopied by huge trees and branches, once you started moving uphill. 
The reason why there was no vegetation in this butte was thanks to the magic stones. 
"I want you to find water stones, only them," Cane said, as he stopped walking. 
There were only the two of them here, while Will didn’t follow them to the mining site and the other mining slaves were far away from them. 
"What?" Iris frowned. She looked around her. "But... there are a lot of magic stones here." She was still confused why they couldn’t find those magic stones easily, when they were literally surrounded by them. 
"Then it will be easier for you to find them." 
"No." Iris shook her head. "This only makes me more confused." 
It was fine to guess between three stones, but distinguishing each stone from a hundred or thousand others would be too much. Her senses would be beyond overwhelmed. 
"I can’t." Iris shook her head. 
"Try. We will not go anywhere until you succeed at least once." 
"What?" Iris had to squint her eyes because the sunlight was so bright, it hurt her eyes. "How about I find fifty magic stones for you?" 
"No. I want you to sense the water magic stones," Cane said firmly. 
Iris lowered her head, thinking hard and an idea did come to her mind, but before she could voice it, Cane tapped her shoulder, so she lifted her head to look at him. 
"Don’t even think of finding a random stone until you find the right one." Cane seemed to read her pretty well, because that was what was in Iris’ mind and this left her flustered. 
"No, I am not thinking that way." It was clearly a lie, but the alpha didn’t call her out on it. He simply nodded his head to tell her to go ahead. 
Iris trudged the barren land, frowning, trying to focus on what they were looking for, but she was having a hard time sensing the difference. 
She heaved a resigned sigh and breathed in the dry wind laced with earthy smell. She stretched her hand and touched every rock with her palm, trying to distinguish the magic stone behind it. 
This process was exhausting. 
"I think here, there is a water magic stone inside," Iris said, as she pointed her finger at a sturdy rock next to her. "I don’t have a tool to dig the magic stone out." 
Cane signed her to move aside as he raised his hand. Sharp claws emerged from the tips of his fingers and like what he did the other night, he clawed the rock, as if it was as soft as butter. 
Big chunks of rock fell to the ground and Iris took one of it. The magic stone was inside, but the rock was too solid for her to get it out, so she gave it to Cane. 
"Here, the magic stone is inside," Iris said, handing the stone to him. Cane took the stone and used his claws to take it out. "You will damage the stone..." but when she watched how skillful Cane was, she clamped her mouth shut. "Never mind..." she muttered. 
It was proven that years of doing this had made him an expert. Should she praise him for that? But looking how serious he was right now, Iris swallowed back what she wanted to say. 
"This is an earth magic stone," Cane said, as he raised the magic stone and appraised it. He tossed the magic stone to Iris, who unfortunately, was unable to catch it. "Find another." 
Iris picked the magic stone from the ground and looked at Cane’s back sullenly. She couldn’t understand why he insisted on her finding a water magic stone. Maybe if he gave her a reason, she could be more motivated, but she knew that was something that would never happen. 
Therefore, she focused more on her search. 
The second time she felt the magic stone, which she thought had the water element, Cane did the same thing, but as it turned out, it was an earth magic stone again. 
"Find another." Cane dropped the stone into her hand this time. "We will only return after you find three water stones in a row." 
"What?" Iris widened her eyes. She was already too dizzy to concentrate on finding the magic stones that surrounded her. The more she focused on this peculiar feeling, the more intense it got and the more she felt so drained of energy. 
The sun was slightly tilted to the west when she felt her stomach grumble. She was thirsty and hungry, but she said nothing because she was afraid that Cane would find her a nuisance for being so weak.
For now, she had found four stones and all of them were earth magic stones. This was annoying. 
Iris trudged the barren land, concentrating on her surroundings when she felt something touch her cheeks and she jumped out of surprise. She couldn’t hear anything, thus it could be something dangerous that had touched her. 
But, as it turned out, it was just a flask. Cane offered her his water. 
"Thank you," Iris said, as she took the flask and gulped down its whole contents, which made Cane frown. 
"Did you finish it all?" He took the flask and turned it upside down, but there was only a pitiful drop of water that fell to the ground. 
"Hm... yes." Iris blinked her eyes. She was not sure what she had done wrong. "You gave me your water," she said in a matter of fact tone. 
Meanwhile, Cane glared at her without saying a word. 
Why did he look so angry?
###Chapter 76: HE WILL SUCK OUR PACK DRY
Chapter 76: HE WILL SUCK OUR PACK DRY
"Did I do something wrong?" Iris asked timidly, as she stared at Cane’s vicious expression. She would like to avoid staring at him, but then she wouldn’t be able to know if he was talking to her. 
"We are far away from the nearby camp and we still need to find the magic stones." Which meant, if they had to return to the nearby camp, they would waste their time and it would already be evening once they reached there. 
Cane put away the flask and resumed walking. 
Once Iris realized that, she also noticed Cane had not actually drank the water at all. "Oh, I am sorry, I didn’t think about that." 
She was both hungry and thirsty, which made her fill her empty stomach, yet Cane had walked away and she could only follow him. 
Unfortunately, or rather fortunately, because Iris gulped down the remaining of their water, Cane decided to call it a day and instead of forcing Iris to look for the magic stones, they returned to the nearby camp. 
Iris got a warm meal and water, while Cane talked with a few slave trainers there. Ania was nowhere to be found, it seemed Stone had returned home with his daughter. 
Iris was munching on her meal and enjoying her meat when she felt someone approaching her and found Redmond crouching down in front of her. 
"Nice to see you, luna." Redmond smiled brightly, but his cunning eyes couldn’t hide his actual intention. He took Iris’ hand and was about to kiss it, but she pulled her hand away before he could do it. "I am your loyal warrior, remember? I took an oath not to hurt you, so you don’t need to be afraid of me."
Despite what he said, Iris was still not comfortable being so close to him. She looked around her, but she was too far away from Cane or the other slave trainers. It seemed they were too invested in what the alpha was talking about, thus they didn’t pay any attention to their surroundings. 
Iris stupidly chose a secluded area to eat her meal, so she wouldn’t bother anyone, more importantly, thinking she wouldn’t be a bother to anyone. 
"Iris, you are the luna of the Blue Moon pack, you are the leader of this pack. You need to take charge and shouldn’t allow that alpha to manipulate you into doing his bidding." Redmond nodded at Cane in the distance. He looked at him with eyes full of mockery. "We can drive them away from our pack." 
"Why would I want to do that?" Iris narrowed her eyes at him. She wanted to move away from him, but he held her wrist to keep her there. 
"Don’t you know? The Howling Wolf pack is full of moochers!" Redmond hissed viciously. "They are taking all of our resources to build their own pack!" 
"My father destroyed their pack first." 
"Yes, but it is not a reason to suck our pack dry for their own benefit!" 
"If you have any complaints, you can go and talk to Alpha Cane yourself," Iris said firmly. She stared straight into Redmond’s eyes and glared at him. "You are hurting me!" 
Redmond’s grip on her wrist tightened without him realizing it, but then he loosened it when he heard how Iris grunted in pain. 
He let go of her hand. "I am sorry." He didn’t express even an ounce of regret in his apology. "I thought at the very least, you have a little bit of backbone to not let those mutts suck this pack dry." 
"He is not like my father, who will let those people suffer." 
"Yes, it’s true." Redmond stood up. He tilted his head, as if he was assessing Iris. "But, he will choose his pack all over again and make his own pack prosperous at the cost of the Blue Moon pack." 
"He will make the two packs prosperous." Iris was upset because Redmond was bad mouthing Cane. She couldn’t hide her annoyance. 
"You will know what I meant once you go to the Howling Wolf pack. That pack is insufferable. What do you think is the reason Cane doesn’t want to let go of this pack to the extent of making you his luna?" 
Iris furrowed her brows. How dire was the situation in the Howling Wolf pack? She had never been away from this pack before, let alone visiting another pack. It was a rare occasion for her to be even allowed to go out of the pack house. 
"You will see it yourself and you will know, that alpha..." Redmond nodded his chin at Cane with a snort. "He is a leech, he will wipe out our pack to save his helpless pack." 
And after saying that, Redmond walked away from there, because he was not supposed to be spotted with Iris. He would be whipped if he strayed too far from the barracks. 
On the other hand, her brief conversation with Redmond made Iris think about how actually the Howling Wolf pack was faring. 
How bad the situation there was. 
When Iris was in deep thought, Cane approached her. "We will go back now." 
"Oh." Iris put down her plate and straightened her dress, but Cane stretched out his hand to grab her hand. 
"What is it?" Cane asked, as he raised her hand in the air and looked at the bruises on her wrist. Redmond held her a little bit too tight earlier. 
"I bumped into something," Iris murmured, but it was clear that Cane was not convinced. He could smell a lie like a hound would blood. 
But thankfully, he deemed that matter was not worth his attention and put down her hand, as he walked ahead. 
They returned to the pack house and Cane went to his chamber without saying anything, aside from telling her to be ready tomorrow to go to the mines again. 
It seemed he was very determined for Iris to master this skill. 
In the end, curiosity got the better of her and she went to the library in the middle of the night to find out the use of the stones. She remembered reading something about it.
###Chapter 77: SHE FELT SO EXPOSED
Chapter 77: SHE FELT SO EXPOSED
Iris didn’t need to sneak around if she wanted to go somewhere in this pack house anymore. The guards didn’t treat her as cold as before either. They would nod or greet her briefly whenever they saw her, which left a nice feeling, because she didn’t need to be in constant fear that they would hurt her. 
Not long after, she entered the library and lit up the candles. It was so dark and she was afraid of darkness, but at the same time, this quiet night gave her a sense of peace that she liked. 
Iris didn’t take a long time before she found the book that she was looking for. She knew about the elements of the magic stones, but their division was way more complicated than she imagined. 
This time, Iris didn’t bother to go to the table and just read where she was. She put down a few candles on the floor and she sat down beside them, leaning her back against the bookshelves with three books piled next to her. 
She flipped the pages one by one, perusing each book until she found what she was looking for. There were so many details about the water magic stones and the use of them, but none of those made any sense to Iris. 
Unless one thing... 
She felt her heart start beating so fast, as her mind whirled with the only possibility, though half of her kept saying there was no way something like this would happen. But then, knowing what had happened to Cane, this was the only reason that was highly likely.
Yet, before she could read further, a big hand covered the whole page, which startled Iris. She lifted her head to see who that was. 
A breeze of cold wind blew out the candles and now there was only the warm light from the moon that streamed down into this room through the window. 
But, even so, Iris could still see him quite clearly. His dark eyes were very captivating, but were filled with so much pain. 
"Did you find what you are looking for?" Cane asked. 
His voice was as cold as glaciers, though he didn’t really warm up to her, Iris could feel he was not as hostile as before. She still remembered how he was always fuming in anger in the beginning of them knowing each other and also the first time he touched her. 
But right now, it was different. There was something menacing with the way he looked at her. His eyes were filled with pain and humiliation if she could say. 
Was that true? What she thought was impossible... was that true? 
"I think... yes," Iris replied, she couldn’t avert her eyes from him, despite her trembling in fear now. The floor was not as cold as his demeanor, as his whole body exuded abhorrence. 
Once again, Iris felt like she found out something that she shouldn’t and this put her in great trouble. 
"And then?" Cane’s face was so close. He was so tall and huge up close like this and if he wanted to, he could crush her without any effort, which seemed to have a high possibility of happening, seeing the intensity of his animosity. 
The scar on his face looked ghastly, but somehow, it made Iris think how painful it must be for him. 
"What have you found?" His voice was so rigid. He didn’t want to hear Iris answer that, but at the same time, he needed to know how much she already found out. 
Iris opened her mouth, but she couldn’t find her voice, she was too afraid to say it. She could be wrong, but if she was right, it would even be worse. 
"What have you found?" Cane repeated his question again. He knew Iris would come here to find the answer he couldn’t provide. He seemed to be able to read her quite easily now. She was very predictable. 
Iris bit her lip, her body was numb because of how nervous she was and she stammered when she answered his question. 
"Y- you are sterile..." When she said those words, she almost felt like she just cursed at him. She waited for him to refute her statement, but instead, Cane said nothing. However, the depth of anger in his eyes was bottomless. It scared her more than when the alpha screamed at her. "I- is that true?" 
On the other hand, Cane’s mind raced between wanting to kill her right there and then and punishing her for looking for something that she shouldn’t. He wanted to hurt her so badly. 
There were only four people who knew about this and he didn’t have any intention to let another one in on this secret. 
He was sterile... 
It was almost like a reminder for Cane how the bloodline would end with him. Long generations of Howling Wolf pack’s alphas would end with him. 
He remembered those days when alpha Gerald poured boiling oil on his private parts and the day after that when he was told that he was sterile. 
How alpha Gerald laughed at him when he writhed in pain, when he begged him to just kill him, but he laughed with the other five alphas, enjoying the sight of his misery. 
And now, his daughter was right in front of him. 
Adrenaline filled Iris’ body when she felt something shift in Cane, she felt something different in that moment. A chill ran down her spine, the hatred he had for her was back in his dark eyes. Not that it ever abated, but still. 
The alpha looked more terrifying and formidable right at this moment. He exuded a dark aura while staring at her. She felt murderous intent pour out of him in waves. 
And before what he was going to do could get registered in her mind, Cane had pushed her down until her back lay on the cold floor, but then he flipped her easily, so her back faced him. 
Iris gasped when he lifted her nightclothes to her hips, leaving her so exposed. His body covered her from behind in the next second.
###Chapter 78: DREADFUL NIGHT
Chapter 78: DREADFUL NIGHT
Iris gasped when he lifted her nightclothes to her hips, leaving her so exposed. His body covered her from behind in the next second, as he made her kneel with her cheek pressed against the cold floor. 
It was so easy for Cane to get rid of her underwear and as soon as that piece of clothing disappeared, she could feel him pressing into her from behind. He nudged her opening with his erection. 
Before it got registered in her mind that he was not planning to prepare her body at all, he worked the head of his phallus and shoved all the way into her. 
Iris let out an agonizing scream as he entered her dry, she tried to get away from Cane, but he had his hand on her nape and held her down. 
It hurt so badly and the burning sensation was too much for her to handle, she felt like he was stabbing her with a knife. Tears streamed down her face, as she endured his aggression. 
What had changed? She thought they were on good terms... 
Cane withdrew from her and plunged into her again, all the way to the hilt, while Iris let out another scream. This was way more painful than the first time he did it with her. She was in so much agony. 
His strong hands went to hold her waist as he began pounding into her like a beast. 
He thrusted long and deep again and again, causing her to let out more shrill screams, as if he was going to murder her, probably he was. 
He hurt her so badly, Iris started struggling against him to no avail. She learned a long time ago that she would never be able to overpower him, which only made her feel even more dreadful. 
His large hands really held her down, and he covered her completely with his body, trapping her with no way to escape. 
As if what was happening to her was not enough to hurt her and humiliate her, she saw Jace walk in on them. 
The beta’s eyes opened widely in shock, but a vicious warning growl that came from the alpha was enough to make him back away. He turned around and left them alone, which made Iris’ heart ache even more. 
She started trembling with the persistent force of his thrusts, he snaked his hand in front of her and grabbed hold of her breasts. He pinched her nipples so hard and wouldn’t let go, as he pounded inside her with deep, rough thrusts. 
The sound of skin slapping against skin could be heard, as it echoed through the library walls along with her screams of pain. 
Cane didn’t try to restrain himself tonight, like he did when he touched her the first time. He was determined to continue all the way to the end. 
Iris realized that he was not going to stop when he fisted her hair and yanked on it so hard, she saw black dots. She choked on her own scream, while he pushed both of his legs in between hers and folded one of her legs forward, exposing her even more for him. 
Cane pushed Iris’ shoulders down on the hard floor, which made her cry even more, as it was so painful, but he didn’t stop. He was out of her reach, there was no sympathy, while she let out a high piercing scream that tore her throat. 
There was no way no one heard her cry for help, but nobody came to her rescue, none of the many people who said that they were so grateful for her could be seen. 
He was going so deep inside her, it hurt so badly and the force of his thrusts were really rough. He kept up the brutal thrusts, as he took pleasure from her body in a very barbaric way. Probably, this was how that girl had died... 
There was a girl who had died during their intercourse, because of how ferocious Cane could be with his partner. 
He then let go of her nipple and snaked his hand down to her womanhood, as he slapped her hard down there, his claws grazed her skin and this made her bleed. 
She cried out tearfully, she wanted this to end, she was scared he was actually going to kill her. Her thighs shook badly as her screams resonated inside the whole library. The sound was agonizing and excruciating. 
"Please... please..." Iris sobbed. "You promised me, you will never hurt me." Her whole body was shaking under his ruthless possession. 
However, Cane was no longer there, he went so deep into his dark memories and was no longer able to hear her pleas and cries. He was full of vengeance and all he wanted to do was to hurt someone. 
Cane had lost his mind to his deepest, darkest moment, he was no longer aware of his surroundings or the woman that he was hurting. He was full of despair and right now, he felt like he went back to his slavery days. He was enraged, he heard those evil people laughing at him, and how they hurt him along with people that were dear to him. 
He wanted to hurt them back. 
Cane kept up the relentless thrusts, angling her again to go deeper, as he grabbed hold of her nipple again and pulled it so hard. 
Iris writhed on the floor and screamed again and again. In the middle of the night, only her screams were heard. They were filled with so much anguish. 
Iris didn’t know how long had passed. She didn’t know just how long he maintained such brutal strength. Her own strength elapsed a long time ago and she just laid there, shaking, too tired to scream. She could only whimper and sob. 
Then he grunted and finished inside of her, he stayed still for a few minutes, as Iris felt the warmth of his release, mixed with her blood, dripping down her thighs. 
Once he was done, he pulled out of her and got up, severing all contact, while Iris could only lay on the floor, too exhausted to move even a finger, her body was hurting so badly. 
She shut her eyes closed, whimpering like a wounded animal. Scared of what Cane had done to her. This side of him frightened her so much. 
Not long after that, she felt someone come closer to her and drape their cloak over her to cover her nakedness.
###Chapter 79: UNSETTLING
Chapter 79: UNSETTLING
Her entire body was aching badly, Iris couldn’t even describe what she felt right now, especially her heart. She felt angry, humiliated and helpless. 
How could Cane be so cold and cruel toward her when he knew fully well she had nothing to do with her father? 
Of all the people that were very grateful for what she had done, she wanted him to acknowledge that so badly. He even promised her that he wouldn’t let her get hurt again. 
But then, he was the first person to turn around and break that promise. 
"Ssh... I will bring you to your room, okay." Jace gingerly scooped her body up after he covered her with his cloak. 
Iris closed her eyes, but winced when he moved her. Even a single movement was so painful, though the beta had tried his best to move as gently as possible. 
Helplessly, Iris rested her head against his chest, while tears kept streaming down her cheeks. She didn’t have energy to open her eyes or tell Hanna that she was fine when she was not. 
"What happened to her!? Why is she like this?!" Hanna shrieked at the first sight of her Missy. She must look horrible, but that was the last thing that concerned Iris. 
She could look like a vagrant for all she cared. 
Jace strode into the room and put Iris down on the bed, she whimpered when her back touched the soft mattress. 
"She..." Jace frowned. It was hard to tell Hanna what actually had happened. "She... was with the alpha." 
Hanna clenched her jaw tightly when she heard that. She knew what that meant and she wasn’t happy at all to say the least. 
"She was with the alpha?" Hanna repeated the words through her clenched teeth. "It looks like she just endured a round of torture!"
Hanna didn’t stay to hear Jace defend his alpha again, she went to boil water so she could wipe Iris with warm water. She also needed to prepare herbs and call for Grace if her condition got worse. 
On the other hand, Jace was speechless. He stared at Hanna’s retreating back. The servant was enraged to see her missy getting hurt again, while Iris curled her body and whimpered softly. 
Jace stayed there until Hanna returned with a bowl of warm water and Amee. 
"What are you doing here? You are not helping!" Hanna snapped at him. "I need to undress her, do you want to stay and see her naked too?!" 
Amee came to Hanna and patted her shoulder to calm her down. She came to her room crying so hard, until her words were hard to fathom, since she was talking in between sobs. 
"You can leave now, Jace, thank you." Amee waved her hand at the beta and saw his complicated expression, but he nodded at her and Hanna before he left the room. 
"Why is the alpha so cruel toward her after what she had done?! Why did he torture her!?" Hanna cried out loud when she started to undress Iris and saw the bruises on her shoulders, hips and blood on her intimate part. She sobbed even more when her missy flinched at her touch, afraid that she would hurt her. 
Amee started to grind herbs for Iris, but she couldn’t help thinking why Cane treated her that way? 
Even though she didn’t justify what he had done to Iris, she was sure something must have triggered him. He didn’t look like he was going to torture Iris, he even looked after her and warmed up to her at some point, albeit he would never admit it. 
And Amee had known him since he was a child, yet, why did this happen? 
The night was so long and filled with so much apprehension. 
======================== 
"What happened to him?" Ethan asked in a low voice, as both of them walked out of the alpha’s study. 
It had been three days since the event in the library with Iris, since then, the coldness around Cane only intensified. He looked like someone who would explode at a simple slight, thus everyone was literally tiptoeing around him. It was not easy, especially for the beta and the gamma, as they often needed to discuss a few things with him. 
More so, Will. The personal guard looked like he was being asphyxiated. The air smelled of danger and the tension was so real. 
"You must know something, right?" Ethan didn’t buy it when Jace said he knew nothing. "Tell me now, what is it? Is there a secret that I am not aware of?" 
"There is nothing like that," Jace replied. He felt it was not his place to say something about it. 
"But, why does the alpha look like he is going to kill you whenever we talk to him?" Ethan kept pestering Jace about it and he wouldn’t let him go until he spilled the beans. "I know you know something." 
As childish as it looked, Ethan actually blocked Jace’s way and stood right before him, he tilted his head defiantly, but the beta didn’t have time for this. 
"Move aside," Jace groaned and pushed him away, and Ethan staggered because of the sudden force he used. 
"You don’t need to be so violent with me." Ethan rushed after the beta. "Did you forget that tonight is the new moon? Has Iris been informed about this?" 
Ethan was right, tonight was the new moon and from what he knew, the pain became more bearable for Cane when Iris was there with him. 
But, after what happened, he was not sure if Iris would be there, or Cane would call for her. 
Cane said nothing about it and Hanna had been so hostile toward him whenever he wanted to go or ask about Iris’ wellbeing. 
It was unsettling to see Hanna like that, since they always saw her as a soft spoken person. The disappointment in her eyes was palpable. 
Why did Cane do what he had done?
###Chapter 80: A PAINFUL NEW MOON
Chapter 80: A PAINFUL NEW MOON
"We really don’t need to tell Iris to come here?" Ethan asked. He was bewildered to say the least, as he chained the alpha to the wall to restrain him. He was not sure if this would work, because the last time, Cane could break free from the chains just fine even after they doubled them. 
Cane threw him a glare, which made the gamma clamp his mouth shut. He didn’t dare to utter a single word again until he was done with his job and walked out of the basement. 
The alpha didn’t allow anyone to stay with him in this squalor place. He didn’t want them to see how much pain he would be in. 
Before, he let them stay because of Iris, just in case he would do something terrifying to her. 
However, it was proven that he didn’t need to shift into his lycan form to hurt her. He hurt her even in his human form anyway. 
Cane closed his eyes when he felt the familiar pain spread through his veins, as he was forced to shift into his cursed form. The sound of breaking bones echoed through the walls. 
This time, he accepted the pain. He let the flames lick at every inch of his skin and his being, boil his blood and render him helpless. He felt his insides being crushed as the unquenchable thirst for blood took over him, making it hard for him to breathe. 
Quitting was a constant thought at the back of his mind. Death would be more peaceful to Cane. Why would he have to endure this pain over and over again? He was broken beyond repair, his body and soul were beyond salvageable at this point. He should just let go and find his own peace... 
The responsibilities, the fear of the unknown, the humiliation, the fact that he couldn’t have an heir and a lot more had been weighing down on him greatly. 
If he had to be the last in his bloodline, then what was the point in him continuing to fight? 
On the other hand, Iris was trying to fall asleep with Hanna next to her. 
Her loyal servant was trying to cheer her up. She didn’t ask what had happened to her, since she didn’t want to remind her about that night. 
Instead, she was talking about those people, who still brought flowers for her every day and asked about her wellbeing. 
"...I almost thought they were in love with you already, Miss." Hanna giggled when she remembered the look on their faces. "They love you and are so grateful to you. If I knew it would be like this, I would have let them know everything sooner." 
Iris just smiled softly, she was only paying a pitifully small bit of attention to what Hanna was saying, because her mind wouldn’t stop wandering about. She could hear the howling sounds in the distance and when she lifted her head, she could see the dark sky... it was a new moon and the howling sound must be from the lycan. 
She felt the urge to go, but she must be crazy to give in to that urge after what happened between them. She was not crazy enough to surrender herself to be the prey of the beast. 
"Are you hurt somewhere, Miss?" Hanna asked with a voice that was filled with so much concern. She looked at her intensely. "Should I brew some tea for you so you can sleep better?" 
Iris shook her head immediately. "No, you don’t need to do that. I am fine." 
"Your expression looks like you are in pain."
"No, Hanna, I am fine. I am just a little bit tired," Iris replied softly, but she wondered what her expression looked like for Hanna to say that. "I am sleepy." 
"Sleep, missy. I will be here until you fall asleep." Hanna then patted her shoulder to help her fall asleep easier. 
Iris closed her eyes and tried to concentrate on the rhythm of Hanna patting her shoulder. She tried to focus on the beating of her heartbeat. 
However, she was still unable to ignore the sorrowful howl in the distance. It tugged at her heartstrings painfully. 
Yet, Iris kept pretending until Hanna thought she had fallen asleep and lit another stick of candle, because she was afraid of the dark and didn’t like her room too dark. After that, she walked out of the bedroom. 
Iris only dared to open her eyes when it was almost half an hour since Hanna stopped patting her shoulder, making sure she was indeed alone. She looked very somber, while the howling kept ringing in her ears. She fought the urge to go to the beast. 
In the end, Iris stayed awake for the entire night, lying on the bed with thousands of thoughts rummaging through her mind. 
Sleep didn’t come to her at all. 
At dusk, the howling sound started to fade and finally when the sun appeared at the horizon, the sound of it completely disappeared. 
The long and painful night had finally ended. 
For the next few days, Iris didn’t meet with Cane at all, nor was she called to see him. There was no apology or explanation whatsoever for what he had done to her. She assumed that being at arm’s length from each other would be the best course of action for both of them. 
But, unfortunately that wouldn’t last for long... 
In the next week, they were all busy preparing for their return to the Howling Wolf pack. 
All the members of the Howling Wolf pack cheered joyfully, because they could finally go back to their homeland. Not only would they go back, but they would also return in victory after being able to defeat the devilish alpha. 
Most of the members of the Howling Wolf pack chose to leave the Blue Moon pack, but the number of people, who decided to stay because they had their mates here and had built their own families, was not too small either, since they had no one to return to in their own pack. 
It would be a massive entourage on a two day long journey and even though the rainy season was ahead of them, it didn’t dampen their spirits at all.
###Chapter 81: JOURNEY TO THE HOWLING WOLF PACK
Chapter 81: JOURNEY TO THE HOWLING WOLF PACK
It was raining by the time they were done with the preparations. There were at least a thousand people that would move at the same time to the Howling Wolf pack. 
Therefore, it was a little bit chaotic to say the least. 
For Iris alone, two carriages had been prepared to load her things, while she would get into the same carriage with the alpha, since she was the luna. 
But, even when Iris was already inside the carriage and it started to move, Cane didn’t come at all. He chose to ride a horse in the front of the entourage, leading this massive party to their homeland. 
The sky was so gloomy, not helping with how Iris felt right now at all. She didn’t want Cane to be near her after what happened, but for some reason, she felt restless because he didn’t say anything. She didn’t even receive a word of apology. 
Why would he apologize? She was his luna, but it didn’t mean he thought of her as one. She knew better why she bore his mark. 
Iris closed her eyes after watching the sky turn even gloomier. As rain started to fall, water drops pelted against the window beside her. It was still noon, but it felt like they were moving in the middle of the night. 
The only thing that could benefit them by traveling in this weather was; they wouldn’t run out of water supply, since they would be on a two day long journey through the mining site that connected the two packs. 
There was nothing to be seen here, except a barren land and rocks after rocks that flanked them like walls. 
Iris was curious about how they would manage navigating their way to the other end of this barren land. 
In the end, with the sound of rain lulling her, she fell asleep, but Hanna climbed into her carriage and woke her up. It was still dark outside, but the rain had stopped. 
"A tent has been prepared for you, Miss, you can continue sleeping after you take your dinner." Hanna looked cheerful, despite the gloomy weather. 
"Okay." Iris climbed down the carriage and noticed that a few tents had been set up and among those tents, there was this biggest one, and Hanna led her there. 
Beside the biggest tent, there was one more tent. It was right next to it. With no doubt, it belonged to the mistress. 
"You can rest inside, I will bring your dinner," Hanna said and left her in front of the tent entrance, letting her go inside on her own. 
This was the first time for Iris to travel so far like this and also sleep inside a tent, thus she didn’t have any expectations, but when she entered, she was in awe to see how comfortable this tent was. 
There was a huge makeshift bed in the center of it and a warm, thick carpet covered the floor, making it less cold at night. 
Warm air greeted Iris because two braziers had been lit inside. 
Iris took off her cloak and sat down on the sofa. She wondered whether Cane would come and stay with her. It would be good if he didn’t come. 
However, when she thought that way, someone entered the tent and it was Cane, as if he walked out of her mind, he appeared right before her eyes, as if she called for him. 
Iris immediately lowered her head and stayed silent like a mouse. She breathed slowly, because she didn’t want to draw his attention toward her. 
Cane looked at her for a moment, but he said nothing before he changed his clothes. His clothes were drenched because of the rain from earlier and once he was done, he walked out of the tent without saying anything. He didn’t return for the rest of the night. 
When Iris woke up at dawn, she found herself alone inside the tent. Hanna came to wake her up because they would resume their journey. 
"You need to wake up now, Miss, we must hurry because they said there will be a storm at night and we need to reach the Howling Wolf pack before that." Hanna helped her to wash her face and change her dress. 
By the time the first rays of the sun touched the ground, they were all ready to move. 
Iris threw a glance at the long entourage that she couldn’t see the end of, before she entered the carriage. 
"Do you know where the alpha slept last night?" Iris asked Hanna, as she held her hand, helping her to climb into the carriage. 
"The alpha slept with the other warriors after a long discussion with the beta and the gamma," Hanna replied. 
So, he didn’t sleep with his mistress either? 
When Iris was in the middle of concluding that, she whirled around all of a sudden. 
"What happened, Miss?" Hanna looked at her in confusion, as she followed her line of sight, which ended on a rock nearby. "What’s wrong?" 
However, Iris didn’t answer that question, instead she talked to one of the guards that was standing close to her. 
"Come with me for a second, please..." Iris said to the young guard, who followed her obediently without saying anything, while Hanna rushed behind them. 
They were all set to depart, but what was Iris doing right now? 
"Miss? We need to go." Hanna saw Iris stand in front of a huge rock, which was as tall as her and then pointed her finger at one spot. She tilted her head at the young guard. 
"There is a magic stone inside, I want you to dig it out. Can you do it?" Iris remembered how easily Cane crushed the rock, but the young guard was a little bit taken aback. 
"I need a tool to do that," he said, there was no way he could do it bare handed, but then he hastily added. "I will get it right away." 
However, before he could leave, Cane walked straight toward them and pushed Iris aside when he crushed the rock with his bare hand, his claws were sharp enough to cut the solid rock into pieces.
###Chapter 82: JOURNEY TO THE HOWLING PACK (2)
Chapter 82: JOURNEY TO THE HOWLING PACK (2)
Iris picked up a chunk of rock and gave it to Cane, after which he used his claws to clean the rock and get the magic stone out of it. 
"Water magic stone," Cane said, as he looked at the stone in his hand. 
On the other hand, Iris could see that she got the right stone. She needed to remember the feeling that she felt earlier. In that way, she would be able to distinguish between the elements of the stones. 
"I found it," Iris said softly and then turned her body around to walk toward the carriage. 
Cane didn’t follow her, but the young guard walked right next to her. Apparently, he was quite a chatterbox. "How did you do that, luna?" 
Iris tilted her head because she felt the young man was talking to her. "What?" 
"How can you find the magic stone?" He repeated his question. His eyes lit up with excitement, which made Iris feel a little bit taken aback. "Oh, I am sorry for being rude, Luna, I am Joel from the third unit under gamma Ethan." 
"Oh, nice to know you, Joel," Iris replied. 
"You are so amazing, Luna, how can you do that?" He was awed to see Iris’ ability. Before this, he had heard about how she managed to locate forty five magic stones, but then he didn’t truly believe it. 
Yet, witnessing it with his own eyes, he couldn’t help agreeing that it was not just any random rumor. 
"I don’t know, I just did," Iris replied, because she herself didn’t know how she could manage to do that. 
However, instead of feeling like his enthusiasm was dampened, the young guard looked amazed by that. "That must be a gift!" 
Iris laughed dryly when she saw his expression, but the genuine curiosity and amazement toward her were the things that softened her heart. 
"Oh, Luna, I know that you definitely don’t know about me, but I want to thank you for what you have done." They stopped in front of the carriage and he looked a little bit nervous and timid. "I want to thank you for sending water to me when I was in the dungeon. I thought I would die when they starved me for two days after whipping me." 
Iris flinched when she heard that. She didn’t feel it was right for them to be grateful for the little effort that she put in after they had suffered in the hands of her father. 
However, she didn’t want to argue and prolong this awkward conversation, because she didn’t feel comfortable with people showing their gratitude openly like this. 
"I am glad I can be of help for you." After saying that, she scurried inside the carriage, while Joel bowed his head respectfully. 
The rest of the night was the same as yesterday, the sky was still gloomy, but the air was so dry. They said there would be a storm at night, therefore, they didn’t stop for lunch. They settled for having something while they kept moving, so they could reach the Howling Wolf pack right after sun down. 
However, the plan didn’t go smoothly, because when the rain started pouring down the earth, they were attacked by monsters before they could reach the gates of the Howling Wolf pack. 
"MONSTER ATTACK!" There was a shout from the middle part of this long entourage, which echoed throughout the chasm, as the guards and warriors shouted at their comrades before they shifted into their beasts and started to fight them off. 
Iris didn’t know what was happening outside, but she was aware that they stopped moving. 
Did they already arrive at the Howling Wolf pack? 
Iris opened the window of the carriage, but she was surprised to see Cane right outside, his expression grim. He turned his head when he noticed Iris poke her head out in curiosity. 
"There is a monster attack, stay inside," he said. His dark eyes met hers. 
Iris nodded and then closed the window again, she sat down there alone, feeling nervous, since she didn’t know, nor could she comprehend what was happening out there. 
She jolted in her seat when someone opened the carriage door. 
"I am sorry to startle you, Miss, the alpha told me to keep you company," Hanna said, as she sat down across from her. This carriage was not too spacious, but it was big enough to accommodate two people inside. 
Iris pulled Hanna to sit down next to her. "What is happening out there?" 
"It is a goblin attack." Hanna tilted her head to listen to the chaos out there. "It is almost winter, so many monsters will migrate to warmer places and make preparations for hibernation." 
Iris read what Hanna said attentively. 
She knew a little bit about goblins. 
This creature was not really a threat when it was alone, but the problem was; they always attacked in hordes and this could be a headache, since this little creature was so mischievous. 
Since their proliferation was so high, their number could vary from a hundred to a thousand of them. 
"It’s okay, this will end soon. The alpha is leading the warriors to fight them off." Hanna then closed the window because the rain was soaking her dress. "But, I am more afraid that we will be trapped in the storm tonight." 
Iris looked around this small space and could only pray this would end sooner, but as usual, no one heard her prayers, as Hanna shrieked, her expression became aghast. 
"What happened?" Iris was alarmed to see the sudden change of expression on Hanna’s face. 
"Troll! There are trolls!" Hanna started to panic. 
As if on cue, the carriage started shaking violently, which made both of them scream in fear, while the carriage fell to the other side. 
Iris and Hanna were thrown out of the carriage. Soon Iris felt wet and hard ground beneath her, on the other hand, Hanna shifted into her wolf almost immediately. She took a defensive stance in front of Iris, as a troll stood before them.
###Chapter 83: JOURNEY TO THE HOWLING PACK (3)
Chapter 83: JOURNEY TO THE HOWLING PACK (3)
Iris grimaced when her body made contact with hard and wet ground, but the pain was immediately forgotten when she saw a troll in front of her. The creature was twice the size of a normal human with skin that was covered with mud. 
The troll in front of Iris was not the only troll that attacked them along with the goblins. There were at least seven of them. 
"Hanna!" Iris was shocked when she saw Hanna lunge forward to attack the creature in her beast form. 
A troll was not that smart, but they were strong and usually it would need two or three beasts to take one of them down. Since their skin was so thick, a deep cut was necessary to hurt them. 
Hanna, in her grey beast, attacked the troll. She bit out a chunk of his flesh, which aggravated the creature and put its sole attention on the beast, leaving Iris alone. 
Terrified that something might happen to Hanna, Iris immediately stood up and looked around to get some help. But, everyone was busy fighting, as the number of the goblins increased. 
Finding a hiding spot to hide between the rocks, Iris rushed there. She couldn’t fight and it wouldn’t help anyone if she were to be in the middle of that chaos. At the very least, she should not become a burden for them. 
With that thought, Iris curled her body between the rocks, while staring at the fierce battle. Carriages were broken, blood splattered on the wet ground, while thunder mixed with ferocious roars from the beasts filled the air. 
Iris’ eyes were on the grey wolf, she could breathe a sigh of relief when she saw three beasts helping Hanna and she was completely fine, because the real battle continued at the back of the entourage. This troll just happened to manage and breach the barricade. 
The grey wolf saw her hiding spot and agreed that it was best for her to hide, thus she could focus on her skirmish. 
From where she was hiding, Iris could see Aria poking her head from her carriage, fear filled her eyes, but there was a little smirk to see Iris’ carriage was broken into pieces. Did she hate her so much until the thought of her death amused her? 
Iris didn’t have time to think about that, because something yanked her collar, almost choking her, and soon she was being dragged away from her hiding spot. 
She shrieked to feel her back against the wet and cold ground, while rain was pouring down from the gloomy sky. This time, it was not her collar, but her hair. Something grabbed her by the hair and pulled her away from between the rocks, while the others were still fighting the trolls and Hanna didn’t notice her predicament. 
The sound of thunder and roars from the battle swallowed her screams. 
Iris opened her eyes, determined to see what actually had abducted her and found three goblins were trying to take her away. 
Her eyes were filled with horror when the fourth goblin sat on her chest. When her shoulder hit a rock, she wailed in excruciating pain, as all the air got knocked out of her lungs. 
In desperation, Iris caught a rock as big as her palm and immediately smashed it against the goblin’s face that sat on her chest. It sent the creature flying from her, as it let out a shrill scream that aggravated the other three. 
Iris felt her hair being yanked out of her scalp, the burning pain brought tears to her eyes. She gasped, as she tried to hold her braided hair, which was now rumpled. 
After a few attempts, Iris finally managed to stop them from dragging her away and turned around to smash the rock in her hand against their heads. 
Her palm was bleeding from the rough surface of the rock, but she couldn’t care less about it. 
Breathing heavily, Iris stood up and kicked the goblin that came after her. This creature was small, its head only reached her thigh, but they were surely a handful. 
However, another goblin grabbed the hem of her dress, which caused her to fall to the ground again, not to mention how slippery it was because of the rain. Right now, Iris was caked in mud. 
Right at that time, when Iris was almost exhausted to fight off these disgusting creatures, a brown wolf came to her and snapped the goblin’s head, as it burst between its jaws. 
"Argh!" 
The sight was so ghastly and for a moment, Iris didn’t even realize that she had been holding her breath, until the brown wolf killed all the goblins that came after her and shifted back into the young man, who chatted with her earlier. 
"Are you okay, Luna Iris?" He asked in concern to see how petrified she was. "Are you hurt somewhere?" 
Iris shook her head, and forced herself to snap back to reality. "I- I am fine..." 
No, she was not. She just witnessed how a goblin’s head burst, how its eyes bulged terrifyingly. She was not sure if she would recover from that any time soon. 
But thanks to the storm, the thick dark blood from the goblins was washed away by the rain in no time. 
"We need to go back to the order, it is dangerous to stray from the others." He helped Iris to stand up and shifted back into his beast once she could find her footing. 
Iris wanted to say that she didn’t intend to stray either, but then there was no point in pointing it out, thus she followed the brown wolf that fell behind and let her run ahead, as he protected her from behind, just in case there was another ambush like before. 
After all, this rain made it hard for them to use their keen sense of smell. 
The young wolf performed so well as a guard, despite his tender age. How old was he? Fifteen? Fourteen?
In the distance, the trolls were successfully decapitated, while the battle was still happening at the middle and the end of the party.
###Chapter 84: JOURNEY TO THE HOWLING PACK (4)
Chapter 84: JOURNEY TO THE HOWLING PACK (4)
When the battle finally ended, it was almost dawn and they couldn’t reach the Howling Wolf pack before sunset. The attack of the goblins and trolls delayed them because there were so many victims in the commoners and also a few in the warriors. 
Though there were no casualties, they still needed time to recover, especially the children. Because their healing ability was still developing, they couldn’t heal from the injuries as fast as the adult shifters. 
"Find a place that can be used as shelter during the storm." Cane looked up at the dark sky. Rain was still pouring down heavily. They couldn’t continue this journey in such weather. Their best bet was to find a shelter until the storm passed. 
"On it," Jace and Ethan replied, as both of them immediately dispersed their subordinates to find a suitable place for this large entourage to take shelter. 
They couldn’t find a cave in this butte, but there were huge rocks surrounding them, which they could use as a cover during the storm. 
Meanwhile, Cane asked Will to take a few people to check their surroundings, just in case there would be an ambush again. 
"Right away, Alpha." He moved fast, because the gloomy sky and how the wind howled between the rocks told them they would be in a dire situation if they were to be ambushed again. 
From afar, Grace had already moved to check on the injured people with the other twenty healers. 
"I don’t think there will be another ambush," Redmond said, as he approached Cane. He didn’t want to address him as the alpha, but he had to keep it civil with him, since he was the mate of his luna. 
Cane just spared him a glance, but he didn’t say anything. He knew this attack was most likely a rare occasion because of the migration. It would be winter in two months. 
However, it was better to be safe than sorry. 
"I am going to see my luna and make sure your people didn’t neglect her during the attack," Redmond answered the unspoken question from Cane, since he stared at him for following him to the head of the party. 
Cane still said nothing. He was bound to Iris and unless Iris betrayed him, this man wouldn’t be able to do anything against her wish. 
With that thought, Cane furrowed his brows, as a question that bothered him dawned on him. Did he completely trust her? 
In the distance, Cane could see Iris sitting together with Hanna and a young guard that he believed his name was Joel, since he was a constant presence whenever he saw Ethan. 
"Are you okay? Are you hurt somewhere?" 
Cane almost threw the person that pounced on him all of a sudden, especially when his mind was elsewhere, but when he sensed Aria’s familiar scent, he relaxed a bit. 
"I am fine." Cane took a step back to avoid her touch, she looked hurt, but she knew how it was with him. "Are you hurt?" 
"No, but I was so scared when those things appeared out of nowhere!" Aria pointed at the carcass of a troll. His head had been decapitated from his body and because of the rain, they couldn’t burn the body. 
However, they still needed to do it as soon as possible, before those bodies turned into ghouls. 
"Stay inside your carriage, it is raining. Keep yourself warm." Cane nodded at Aria’s carriage, near where Bian and Dalia could be seen standing. All of them were drenched in this rain. 
Aria wanted to protest and pull him to stay inside the carriage with her, but the alpha had already walked away from her. 
After saying that, Cane walked ahead to approach Iris. He needed to know why she didn’t stay inside her carriage and roamed around carelessly instead. 
"Why aren’t you in your carriage?" Cane asked Iris, who was sitting on a rock, with Hanna, Joel and Redmond surrounding her. 
Iris lifted her head and squinted her eyes because this rain made it hard for her to see. 
"Her carriage is destroyed." It was Joel, who explained the situation and how Iris almost got injured when four goblins attacked her. "But, I saved her in time!" The young guard looked pleased at himself for what he had done.
"Thank you for your bravery, Joel," Iris said with a bright smile, even on this gloomy rainy night, she still exuded warmth in her eyes. 
Joel’s eyes lit up, as he said timidly. "You have thanked me enough, Luna Iris." 
"I will find you another carriage." Cane then looked at Redmond. "Come with me, I want your man to patrol around the area." 
Redmond threw a nasty look at the alpha. What did he mean by he needed his men to patrol in this horrible weather? Even a creature as stupid as troll wouldn’t go around and terrorize people during the storm. 
"I don’t take orders from you," Redmond said simply, as he turned to Iris, who was shocked to read such a defiant answer from him, yet the alpha didn’t change his expression at all. 
After all, Cane knew that Redmond was only trying to get on his nerves and he wouldn’t give him what he wanted. 
"You need to follow his order," Iris said in a small voice, but it was enough for them to hear. "You don’t need to ask me first." 
"I serve you, luna." Redmond nodded his head politely. 
However, right at that time, Stone came to the alpha. His expression was ghastly as he dismounted from his horse with Ania in his arms. 
"Alpha, I need to continue this journey alone," he said in panic. 
"You can’t go. There will be a storm." As he spoke, the howling wind and rain became even more brutal. 
"No, I can’t wait," Stone said helplessly. "Ania, my daughter, was poisoned during the battle. The healers don’t have the remedy for her and can’t heal her because this is something that they didn’t know." 
"What do you mean they don’t know?" Cane frowned.
###Chapter 85: THE STORM
Chapter 85: THE STORM
"What do you mean they don’t know?" Cane frowned. 
Apparently, among the goblins, there was another creature, as small as them, mixed in the battle and that creature was poisonous. 
However, because none of the healers knew about this unknown creature, they didn’t know how to detox its venom. 
Their healing ability could heal external injuries, but detoxifying poison was another problem entirely. 
"I need to bring her to the infirmary, Grace said I need to get Seluba leaves to get rid of the venom, though she is not sure if it can help." Stone blanched when his daughter’s body became so cold. His words became incoherent. 
It was his fault for taking his eyes off her. He shouldn’t have left her alone inside their shabby carriage. 
"You can’t go in the storm," Cane said in a matter of fact tone. "Both of you will die instead if you lose direction." 
"But..." Stone was visibly frustrated, he hugged Ania closer to him and caressed her back as the little girl whimpered. 
It was not that he didn’t know about that. He wouldn’t make it if he insisted on going, but he didn’t have any other choice. 
Right at that time, Ethan came to Cane and told him they found three spots that they could use as shelters until the storm passed. 
"Call Ardand to see me," Cane said and then he looked at Stone. "You, follow me." 
Cane didn’t doubt Grace’s ability as a healer, but Ardand had more experience than her, thus it was always advisable to get a second opinion. 
Stone was torn, but in the end, he followed the alpha, along with Iris and the others. 
One of the shelters that Ethan found was a spot in the middle of huge rocks, which could shield them from the brutal wind and dust that could suffocate them. Though it didn’t offer them a roof to take cover from rain, it was better than nothing. 
There were around two hundred people crammed in this place, while the rest of the entourage took the other two shelters, which were bigger than the one that was found by Jace. 
All of them had to leave the carriages that had their belongings behind, not even the alpha, the luna and the mistress were expections, while the guards led the horses to take shelter as well. 
"How is she?" Cane asked Ardand, as he examined the little girl, who laid on the cold ground. They couldn’t set up a tent in this space, while rain was still pouring down from the dark sky. 
It was so dark and cold, Iris sat so close to Hanna. Her body was trembling, as she watched Ania having a hard time breathing. She was whimpering in pain. Iris tried to open her eyes wide to read what Ardand was saying, because she was sitting a little bit away from them. 
"This is all because of you! You bring bad luck to us!" Aria snapped at Iris, as she huddled together with two other girls. "The storm! The attack! And now many people got injured! All of that happened because you brought bad luck for us!" She hissed viciously. 
Hanna turned her head and glared at the mistress, she was glad that Iris was too focused on Ardand and missed what she was saying. 
If Aria was a little bit smart, she would know that the weather in this mining site was very unpredictable. If only the alpha knew there would be a storm, there was no way that he would lead a thousand people to move during this weather. 
However, Hanna couldn’t voice her grievances, because she didn’t want to put her missy in a difficult position. Aria could do anything to her if she wanted, since she was higher in rank, but she didn’t want Iris to be affected. 
"No, we need Seluba leaves to detox the poison. It is very risky to use healing power without detoxing the poison first." Ardand looked at a loss. His bony fingers were shaking in this harsh wind. "We didn’t bring any, because we thought we would not need it," he said regretfully. 
Stone looked like someone just told him that her daughter was dead, what the former head healer said sounded the same in his ears. He started to wail like a wounded animal. 
How could a huge man, whose body was built with muscles, cry like that? 
"Where are you going, Miss?" Hanna pulled Iris’ hand when she stood up and wanted to approach them. 
Iris glanced at Hanna’s questioning look. "I think I know how to detox the poison," she mumbled under her breath. She was not sure about what she was saying. 
"What? How?" 
Iris wriggled her hand away from her grip, but Hanna followed her. 
On the other hand, Aria, who heard what she said, immediately stood up and approached Iris. She grabbed her shoulder and turned her around harshly. 
"What do you want to do?!" She screamed against the howling wind. "Do you want to look closely at how that innocent child died because of you!? I bet you must be so happy to see it!" 
Iris turned around and faced Aria. She missed what Aria was saying, but she didn’t have the slightest interest to ask her to repeat what she just said. 
"You bring us bad luck! You should have stayed in your damned pack!" Aria screamed so hard, everyone there started to pay attention to them instead. 
But right after that, she screamed again, only in pain this time when someone twisted her arm and forced her to get down on her knees. 
It was Redmond. He was ready to snap her arm if she talked trash to Iris again. 
However, Iris immediately rushed toward him to stop the warrior. "No! Stop it!" She was mortified to see how Aria struggled under Redmond’s grip. She wanted to shift into her beast, but she couldn’t do that in that position. "Let her go!" 
"Are you kidding me?" Redmond narrowed his eyes at Iris.
###Chapter 86: THE STORM (2)
Chapter 86: THE STORM (2)
Iris didn’t like violence. More so, when it couldn’t resolve anything. With Redmond hurting Aria, it would only intensify the tension between him and the alpha, so would be the case with the rest of the people. It would extend to her as well. 
"Let her go!" Iris said sternly,. She could feel someone approaching her with a dark aura, there was no mistake it was Cane. All of them were very exhausted, thus there was no need for them to add more to their troubles. 
"Are you kidding me?" Redmond narrowed his eyes at Iris, but then he groaned to see how serious she was. He didn’t release Aria gently, he pushed her away until her face kissed the wet ground before he straightened his back. 
Dalia and Bian immediately rushed forward and helped Aria to stand up. 
"How dare you!" Aria roared angrily. She saw Cane approaching them and started bawling her eyes just when he reached there. 
"What is it?" He asked darkly, his eyes on Redmond. 
"Can’t you see? She hurt the luna, I am just here to prevent that." 
"Cane...!" Aria started wailing, as she approached Cane, but Iris beat her to it. 
"I need to see Ania, I think I know how to eliminate the poison from her system, but don’t get your hopes too high. It’s just a theory." Iris was impatient, she didn’t let Aria talk first. The mistress could whine as long as she wanted later, not now, because this matter was way more important. 
"How do you know that?" Cane narrowed his eyes. He raised his hand to signal Aria to stay quiet. It made her unable to utter even a single word out of shock, since he chose to listen to Iris over her. 
"I read it in a book." Iris felt her reason was so weak. It was unreliable, but seeing how the situation was right now, they needed to do whatever they could at this moment. "But, I need the water magic stone that I found this afternoon." 
Cane furrowed his brows, curious about what she was going to do with it, but Iris misunderstood his silence. 
"I will find more water magic stones, I think I have started to get a grip on it." 
Not wanting to bother about explaining the misunderstanding, Cane pulled out the water magic stone from his pocket and handed it to Iris, who immediately rushed toward Ania. Cane followed behind her, so did Aria and Hanna, along with Redmond. 
"I read that water magic stones can detox poison." Iris sat down next to Ania’s body, as she gave the water magic stone to Ardand. The old healer looked so exhausted after a long journey, an attack and now they needed to go through the storm before they could arrive in their homeland. 
It was indeed a very long way for them to be able to go home. 
Ardand took the stone from Iris’ hand and examined it. Rain was still pouring down, along with the harsh wind, which made all of them look so helpless. 
"This is a water magic stone," Ardand said to himself. "Yes, it can help. How did you find this?" 
Though water magic stones were not as rare as the fire magic stones and the air magic stones, in these mines, it was still so scarce to find one. That was why neither he nor Grace thought about this method before. 
"I found it." Iris became so impatient because Ardand was questioning her instead of helping Ania right away. 
On the other hand, Stone looked at Iris and Ardand back and forth, there was a little bit of hope in his grim eyes, though he didn’t dare to let it grow. He had lost so many people that were dear to him, he couldn’t bear to lose the only daughter that he had. 
"So, can you use it?" Stone prodded. 
"Yes, I think we can use it." Ardand nodded and then told Stone to call for Grace, so she could assist him. 
Grace was at another shelter spot, because she needed to look after the other injured warriors, but none of them were poisoned, thus it would be fine for her to leave them for a while. 
"Right away," Stone said, as he stood up and sprinted through the harsh wind and rain to reach the other shelter to get Grace. 
Meanwhile, the other people started to crane their necks to see what was going on here. They were curious and also felt bad for Ania. The little girl didn’t deserve such an ending. They had seen countless deaths, but it didn’t mean they would ever start getting used to it. 
Ardand then put the water magic stone into Ania’s mouth before he used his healing power to heal her with the help of the magic stone. Inside Ania’s mouth, the stone turned into water, which seeped through her body. 
"You found a water magic stone?!" Grace asked, as she came with Stone not too long after. Iris immediately stood up and gave her spot to her. 
"Not me, but the luna," Ardand said. "Help me now. I am too old for this." 
Grace grumbled something under her breath, but she stopped asking questions and started to help. 
"Miss." Hanna stood next to Iris, as she hugged her, while Cane and the others watched the process of detoxification. Stone, on the other hand, looked like someone who had forgotten how to breathe. He didn’t move, he didn’t speak, but his eyes were fixed on his daughter’s frail body. 
"She will be alright..." Iris said softly, as she hugged Hanna, this coldness made her a little bit dizzy and she couldn’t stop her teeth from clattering. 
Not too far from her, Aria watched the whole thing unfold. She didn’t look pleased, she didn’t look happy at all. Even after Ardand and Grace said that Ania was no longer in danger and all of them cheered in delight, she didn’t share the same sentiment, instead, she glared at Iris with hostility. 
She saved the little girl’s life for the second time.
###Chapter 87: POOR CHOICE OF WORDS
Chapter 87: POOR CHOICE OF WORDS
The storm had passed and when the sky was finally clear of all the gloomy clouds, all of them could sigh in relief. That was the most horrendous night someone could ask for and thankfully, they would arrive at their destination within a few hours. 
Right now, everyone was checking their carriages and their belongings. Almost everything had been swept away in the storm. Thankfully, they could still save some of their valuable things. 
However, because the carriages had been destroyed, they needed to continue their journey by foot. Only the warriors would take the horses, except Redmond and his men, since they needed to check their surroundings throughout the rest of the journey, just in case there was another attack from the monsters. 
In this crowd, Stone found Iris, who was talking to Hanna. He approached her with hesitant steps. Ania was in his arms. The little girl was sleeping peacefully, as she was finally out of danger. 
It was Hanna who noticed him first and tugged at Iris’ sleeve, letting her know that Stone was there. 
Iris turned around, her face full of dirt and her body drenched being in the rain all night, just like the others. She looked so small, probably because she was a runt. Her body size made her look like she stopped growing at the age of fourteen. 
"Thank you," Stone said in a rigid tone. He didn’t immediately treat her warmly when all the people became so friendly to her after they learned what she had done for them. 
It was not that Stone was ungrateful, but there was a wound deep inside him that couldn’t be placated so easily. He couldn’t let go of his grudge of ten years and instantly change the way he looked at her. 
However right now, this petite girl had saved his daughter, the only family that he had left, twice. It was so hard to ignore that fact. 
On the other hand, reading what he said, Iris smiled brightly, despite the fatigue evident on her face. "I am glad Ania is alright now. Is she sleeping?" 
"Yes, she has fallen asleep right away once she was no longer in pain," Stone replied in his gruff tone. 
And because he didn’t know what else to say to her, he turned around and left without saying anything anymore, but Iris didn’t take it to heart. 
She knew not everyone would warm up to her right away and for someone like Stone to approach her and express his gratitude, it was already a great feat. 
"Let’s go," Hanna said, as she took their bag, stuffed with the few things they could save from the storm last night. 
By the time the entourage started moving again, the sun was already high above them and the sky was so clear. There was no sign of the storm from last night, aside from their destroyed carriages. 
They walked for hours and stopped for a brief lunch break with whatever they still had with them before they continued to walk again. As they traveled by foot, which slowed them down immensely, they didn’t have time to tarry, as no one wished to spend another night in this deserted land. 
"How are you feeling?" Hanna asked when she saw Iris look a little bit pale. She was breathing heavily and sweating profusely. Their wet clothes got dried on their bodies. 
"I am fine," Iris said with so much difficulty. She had been trying to keep up with the others in the front row, but she kept falling behind. 
"No, you are not," Redmond said, as he approached Iris and looked at her with a frown. He then stepped in front of her and knelt down, giving his back to her. "I will carry you." 
Iris was stunned to see that. "No, I am fine. Really." She couldn’t believe Redmond would offer her such a thing. 
"You will only become a burden if you collapse." 
Iris frowned. She was thankful for his concern, but his poor choice of words really stung. He could have chosen another word besides ’burden’, right? 
"What is this?" Cane walked toward them when he saw Redmond approaching Iris and kneeling down in front of her. 
The warrior lifted his head slightly. He was glaring at the alpha, while still kneeling with his back facing Iris. 
"The last time I remember, you are his mate, shouldn’t you pay a little bit attention to her? Don’t you know that she is so weak?" 
Iris didn’t know whether she should thank Redmond for looking after her or get angry at him. His words were like a bunch of knives, stabbing into her chest one by one. First, he called her a burden and now he said that she was so weak, which sadly was true. 
However, it left a bitter taste in her mouth. 
On the other hand, Cane looked unperturbed by the way Redmond spoke to him, his eyes fixed on Iris’ pale face. She looked like a little puppy that had just rolled in the mud, very shabby in her traveling, dirty cloak. 
Cane stretched out his hand from top of the horse. "Come here," he said impassively. 
"What now? Do you want to show mercy on her?" Redmond said sharply, but Hanna nudged his shoulder to warn him. 
He was being unnecessarily offensive toward the alpha, it wouldn’t end well for any of them if he kept acting like that and she was worried it would bring more trouble to her missy. She couldn’t afford for something like that to happen, especially in the presence of the alpha. 
However, as usual, Cane paid no mind to Redmond’s impertinence. His dark eyes were fixed on Iris’ blue ones with his hand stretched out, waiting for her to take. 
For a second, Iris looked unsure of what she was going to do. It was one thing to turn down Redmond’s offer, after all he was not her mate and she would be crazy to accept his offer, while her mate was just a few steps away. 
But, Cane was different. All of the people there, with their eyes glued to them, knew they were the alpha and luna of the pack, thus if she rejected him, it wouldn’t look good. More so, when it would become a thorn in their future mating life. 
But, above all the excuses in her mind, Iris knew she had reached her limit, in that case, there was no harm in accepting his offer. 
Iris placed her hand in Cane’s and he pulled her onto the horse without any trouble at all, as if she weighed nothing. 
"Thank you," Iris said in a small voice. She bit her lips because she felt so awkward to be in this position with him. 
However, Cane said nothing and started to gallop the horse to the very front, leaving dust behind. 
Redmond coughed so hard his eyes turned red, as he muttered profanities under his breath. Among all the people who watched this scene, it was only him and Aria, who stared at the alpha and luna in exasperation. 
"You can sleep, it will take another hour before we reach the Howling Wolf pack," Cane said, as he pressed her head gently against his chest, so she didn’t need to hurt her back, since she sat down so rigidly, afraid to touch him. 
"No, I am fine. I am not sleepy." 
Cane frowned. It had become a bad habit of Iris’ to tell others that she was fine when she was not, yet he didn’t say anything and kept her close. 
But, even though Iris said she was not sleepy, fifteen minutes later she had fallen asleep, snoring gently. She was very tired and last night was so rough. Sleep didn’t come to her all night. How could she be sleeping when rain was pouring down? 
More so, when she had to sit down the whole night. 
Hearing her soft snore, Cane looked down and saw she had fallen deep into sleep. Her lips were slightly ajar as she breathed evenly. 
Cane stared at her for a while, he had never looked at her up close like this before. She rested her head against his chest and this was way more intimate for him rather than their copulation. 
He was not used to letting anyone close to him, he couldn’t stand other people’s touch, because it repulsed him, but it seemed, he had a high tolerance for her. 
Probably because she was his mate and he marked her? 
The entourage took another three hours at that pace to reach the Howling Wolf pack and once they saw the double gates of the pack, all of them cheered. Even Cane’s horse neighed and raised its front legs, joining the chaos as it jostled both Cane and Iris on it. And it woke Iris up. 
Iris stirred in her sleep and opened her eyes groggily, only to see people being rowdy around her, but then her eyes halted on the double gates in front of her. 
This was the first time for her to be out of the pack and also the first time to visit another pack. What a pity for her to be so excited to see such magnificent gates. Based on what she heard, the fortification around the Howling Wolf pack was the pride of the pack members. 
If it was not for traitors within them, Alpha Gerald wouldn’t be able to penetrate their defense and turned the tables around in his favor. 
"You are awake," Cane said. 
He was so close until his breath caressed her cheeks and because Iris was in awe to see the double gates that opened for them, she forgot her current state. She turned her head to look at him and he repeated what he said. 
"Oh, yes... I can get down now..." She wriggled her body, indicating that he could put her down. "Thank you." 
"Stay still." Cane’s arm wrapped around her waist firmly. "The pack house is still quite a distance away."
###Chapter 88: LUNA’S BEDROOM
Chapter 88: LUNA’S BEDROOM
True to his words, the pack house was an hour away from the main gates of this pace.
By this time, Iris was wide awake, as she observed her surroundings and committed everything to her brain. What Redmond said was right. This pack was... deserted. 
This pack was almost like a forsaken place. It must have something to do with the one who led this pack as an acting alpha during Cane’s slavery. It was not exaggerated when Redmond said that this pack relied heavily on Blue Moon pack for it to be able to return to normal. 
How long would it take? It would probably take three to five years for this pack to be independent again. This was also the reason why Cane risked everything and was adamant to hold onto the Blue Moon pack, because without its resources, the Howling Wolf pack would be doomed. 
Father, what have you done to these people? 
Seeing all of this, Iris felt something tugging at her heart and her conscience. She wanted to apologize profusely for something that she didn’t do and was not even aware of. She lowered her head in shame to see this godforsaken land. 
During that time, Cane said nothing, he rode the horse a little bit faster after he took note of everything. He knew this place would be horrendous, but it was much worse than he had expected it to be. The sight of his own pack made him feel down. A lot of things should be done and with that thought alone, he knew he would dedicate his whole life to rebuilding this pack. 
But at the end of the day, he wouldn’t have his flesh and blood to inherit it. 
Gritting his teeth, he rode faster to the pack house, which could be seen from afar. The building was magnificent with a huge garden that stretched from the entrance to the main building. 
Behind them, Will and Jace followed closely on their own horses, while Ethan was at the back of the entourage to make sure there was no mishap. 
Once they arrived at the front doors of the pack house, which looked almost like a castle, Cane immediately dismounted his horse and helped Iris to get down as well. He lifted her body with ease and settled her down before he entered the building, leaving her alone behind. 
Confused, Iris immediately followed Cane, because she didn’t know where else she should go if it was not following him. 
"Alpha!" 
A voice rang inside this main hall, which was so huge and vacant. It seemed every piece of furniture had been thrown away. One thing that Iris heard about this pack house was; the previous acting alpha had turned this place into a pleasure house. It made sense that Cane didn’t want anything to do with the old furniture at all. 
"Alpha! I am sorry I didn’t come out to see you, I just checked your bedroom and made sure everything is according to your liking." 
A man in his early sixties came rushing to greet Cane, his eyes shining brightly, almost to the point of admiration. He sighed in relief when he saw the alpha was well. 
"I am so worried, there was a storm last night and you didn’t return yesterday." He looked so concerned and almost on the verge of crying, if Iris could say. 
Somehow, seeing how the people in this pack respected Cane warmed her heart. It truly showed what kind of alpha he was to make his people love him so much. 
"You don’t need to worry about such trivial details, Kaz," Cane replied, while the old man kept his head lowered. "I will go to my room, can you look over the carriages that I brought with me and bring my things to my room." 
The man named Kaz bowed his head respectfully and immediately did what he was told, but then his eyes fell on Iris, who looked so messy and dirty, standing in this main hall alone looking like a lost child. 
"This is..." his words hang in the air because he was not sure how to address Iris. He heard the rumor how the alpha had chosen his luna, who was none other than alpha Gerald’s only daughter. That piece of news was so distasteful for all of them in this pack. 
However, if she was the Luna, then Kaz had to give the same amount of respect to her because she was the alpha’s mate, though he expected someone with an imposing aura who looked so arrogant, after all she was alpha Gerald’s daughter. 
Yet, seeing her small figure and how her expression was at loss, as she plastered herself to the wall, as though she didn’t want to bother anyone, left Kaz a little bit confused. 
"I heard you are our new luna," Kaz said as politely as he could, which was harder than he thought. With the knowledge that she was the daughter of the alpha, who had tortured their people into slaves, made it harder to not resent her. 
"Oh, yes," Iris said with a timid smile, but then she didn’t know what else she had to say. Should she ask where her room was? She felt so exhausted and wanted to take a bath and lay down. 
Thankfully, the old man seemed to know what she was thinking and immediately took the initiative. "Come, I will escort you to your bedroom." 
Iris nodded, only to realize that Kaz started walking in a different direction from Cane’s bedroom. She wanted to ask about this, but she didn’t know whether it was appropriate for her to say it or not. 
This was the first time for Iris to interact with other people aside from those who she had known for years and lived around with. This was also the first time for her to visit another pack house, norms of which she didn’t know in the slightest. 
"Where are you going?" Cane asked when Kaz started leading Iris away. 
The pack house was a single floor building, but it was a huge place with many rooms and sleeping quarters. 
"I will take her to her bedroom, Alpha," Kaz replied, as he turned around to face the alpha, who was about to leave the main hall. He halted when he realized Iris wasn’t following him. 
"And where will you bring her?" 
"I will bring her to the second building..." Kaz sounded hesitant. 
"Why do you want to put her in the second building?" 
Kaz looked confused by the question. 
Second building was where the omegas lived. Their rank was no higher than a servant and that building was at the back of this pack house, which meant it was far away from the main building, where the alpha’s bedroom was. 
Kaz thought the alpha wouldn’t want to see Iris, thus if she lived at the second building, their chances to meet with each other would reduce significantly. 
"I thought you would want her to stay there..." Kaz replied in a small voice, unsure whether he would like this answer or not. 
On the other hand, Cane felt his head almost explode, he wanted to rest, but there were a lot of things that he had to take care of. He was so tired, mentally exhausted and he didn’t have time for this. 
"She is the luna, put her in the room next to mine," Cane said and after that, he left. He had made it clear that Iris would stay in the luna’s bedroom, which was right beside his with a connecting door between the two rooms. 
However, Kaz, who heard that, was so stunned. He wanted to ask whether the alpha was serious about that, but Cane had already strode into his bedroom. He felt his head almost explode. 
Kaz then stared back and forth between Iris and the alpha’s retreating back, unsure whether this was the actual order that he received. 
That room was his late mate’s bedroom... 
"What happened?" Iris asked because she felt uncomfortable under Kaz’s scrutinizing gaze. 
The old man frowned so hard and then sighed deeply, as he shook his head. "This way," he said darkly. 
========================= 
"Are you sure about letting Iris stay in the luna’s bedroom?" Jace asked him this the first thing once he closed the alpha’s bedroom. He heard about this from Kaz and was stunned. 
"Yes," Cane replied curtly. He massaged his temple, his head was throbbing painfully. 
"But, that room..." Jace couldn’t finish his sentence, yet Cane knew what he wanted to say. It was easy to predict their reactions upon his decision. 
"This pack house had been turned into a brothel. Countless people had sex in that room, her being there can’t sully the room any further." 
Jace grimaced at the blatant words that Cane used. He seemed to be in a terrible mood. 
Right now, the pack members were celebrating their return to their homeland and were full of hope. Though they found this run down pack ghastly, they were overjoyed at the fact they could finally return to their place. 
However, the alpha didn’t seem to share the same sentiment at all. 
"Leave," Cane said coarsely. He walked toward the bed and slumped his body there. 
Seeing this, Jace became worried. "Do you want me to call Aria?" He thought he wanted someone to accompany him and his bad mood was due to his discord with her. 
"No. Call for Iris." 
Jace knitted his brows, but he left him alone and did what he was told to do 
It didn’t take long for someone to knock on his door and her soft voice traveled into the room. "Alpha? Did you call me?" 
Cane opened his eyes and got up to give his permission for her to enter.
###Chapter 89: SUFFER IN SILENCE
Chapter 89: SUFFER IN SILENCE
Iris could fathom why Kaz was reluctant to let her stay in this bedroom per the alpha’s instruction. This room must have been previously occupied by her, the alpha’s mate. Luna Leane. 
However, no matter how long Iris looked at this room, she couldn’t see any semblance of someone as important as a luna ever staying here. This room was so dull, the only pieces of furniture inside were a bed and a cabinet. There were no ornaments whatsoever either. Even the floor was so cold without the rug. 
There was no way a luna had occupied this room before. It was not that she wanted to complain just because this was her room now. The fact that she was placed next to Cane was already enough to let people know that the alpha didn’t think of her any less. 
"Iris," Jace called her, while knocking on the door softly. 
But then, the beta remembered Iris couldn’t hear him, thus he opened the door gingerly and found the young woman standing in the middle of the room, staring at her surroundings. 
Cane was right. This room was nothing like Leana’s room. 
Jace strode inside and tapped Iris’ shoulder lightly which startled her. Her big blue eyes widened upon seeing him and he knew why, but the beta didn’t want to dwell on that. 
"I am sorry for startling you," Jace said apologetically, as he smiled warmly. "I just want you to know that the alpha is looking for you." 
Iris grew anxious, she bit her lip in the presence of Jace. "I- I will go see him," she said curtly. She tried to avoid his eyes, but she couldn’t really turn around and ignore him. 
Since that night in the library, Iris was trying to avoid the beta. She was so uncomfortable with the fact he had seen her in such a state with the alpha. She couldn’t help but remember the appalling look on his face. 
However, she couldn’t turn away from him. 
"But, do you know why the alpha needs me?" Iris asked, she really needed to take a bath now. 
"I don’t know." Jace wanted to ask the same question to Cane, but seeing how dark his mood was, he couldn’t bring himself to inquire about it. 
Actually, there was another thing that he needed to say to Iris, which he kept mulling over for a while. Out of nowhere, he decided now was the right time to say it to her. 
"Iris." Jace turned around and she lifted her head to look at him. Her bright blue eyes were gloomy. "I know what Cane has done to you was not right, but I hope you can understand that sometimes he is not in his right mind. He is fighting with the demons inside him and sometimes he loses it." 
Iris didn’t need to ask what event that he was talking about, because she was well aware of it. She didn’t respond to that, but she paid close attention to what Jace was saying. 
"I am not asking you to forgive him if you don’t want to, but please be patient with him. He has a huge responsibility that is too big for him to handle. I am afraid he will turn into the monster that he hates even when it is not the new moon."
Iris wetted her lips nervously and nodded. "I understood." 
A dreary smile tugged the corners of Jace’s lips up. "Thank you. I am leaving him in your hands." He didn’t know why Cane asked for her, but if worse came to worst, he needed to reduce the damage of the aftermath by warning Iris. 
And after Jace left, Iris stared at the closed door and let his words sink in. It took her a few minutes before she could collect herself and then go to the room next to hers. 
She knocked and stayed put for a while, waiting for Cane to open the door for her, since there was no way for her to hear the answer. 
It took a rather long time for the door to be opened and the alpha appeared in his fatigue state. His eyes were as sharp as ever, but he looked spent. 
Cane didn’t say anything, but he left the door open for her, as Iris entered the room and stared at his bedroom. There was nothing significant in this room, it was the same as hers, only there was a huge table behind the window for him to work at and the floor was carpeted with a comfy and soft rug, thus it was less cold. 
Meanwhile outside, the rain was pelting on the windows, the bright sky had turned so dark now. There would probably be another storm tonight. 
Iris shifted her attention from the window and looked at the alpha, who gestured for her to sit down at his working table. 
She was confused about what he was going to do with her. Did he tell her to lay on the table? The thought of it sent shivers down her spine, she knew only one thing would happen if he indeed commanded her to do that. 
"Not on the table, sit on the chair," Cane said with a deep frown and watched Iris gingerly sit on a chair, as if that thing would gobble her up. 
"I heard you can understand the Andel language." Andel language was used in the Andelus continent, the place where the holy kingdom was, Serafims came from that same continent too. 
"Yes." 
Thankfully, even though her father was twisted, he provided her with the best education and Iris was a quick learner. She could actually understand the Andel language and two other languages in this realm. 
"I want you to decipher this." Cane gave her five scrolls, apparently documents. "Translate two documents and after that, you can go. Wake me up when you are done with them." 
After that, he gave her papers, quills and ink before he went to bed, lay down and closed his eyes. 
Cane really needed to get it down, but the throbbing in his head wouldn’t recede. He needed to lie down for a while. Another reason why he needed Iris to do it was not only because she would save him the time, but because he actually realized her scent helped him to relax a lot. 
He noticed this on their way to the pack house when she rode the horse with him. Something about her made him feel relaxed a bit. Maybe because they were mates now and no matter what and how she got marked, they were still mates and she bore his mark, which meant the mate bond was starting to grow between them. 
Cane stopped his train of thought, he was too spent to add more to the things that he needed to think of, thus with Iris’ sweet scent filling this room, he fell asleep without so much trouble. It was the dreamless sleep that he needed the most, without any nightmares from his torturing moments and the loss of people that he cherished. 
On the other hand, Iris glanced at Cane every now and then. Deciphering the documents was an easy task for her, thus she actually had plenty of time, but on the other hand, she couldn’t help but smile. 
"You are really making the most of me." There was no sinisterness in her words, but this tranquility actually felt nice. The sound of pelting rain against the windows and the wind outside, also the crackling sound in the fireplace, were the only sounds that could be heard in this room. 
In the end, Iris deciphered all the five scrolls and went to wake Cane up from his sleep, just like what he told her to do. She came closer to him and looked at his sleeping face. 
His brows were knitted and under the light of the candles, his scar was clearly visible. If he was not a shifter with a great healing ability, he would have died by now from all the torture that he had to go through. 
Iris felt something tug at her heartstrings to see him like this. 
Even after the slavery, he was still trapped by his duty as the alpha. Now, Iris understood what Jace had said to her earlier. 
It was a huge responsibility for Cane to take care of all of his pack members. He would die for them and vice versa. And that thought made Iris think... 
If someone relied on you so much, how could you show your weakness? Did he even have someone to talk to about the pain of shouldering his responsibilities? About what he actually felt? What he actually wanted? 
Iris didn’t think so. 
Even though Cane was close with his beta and gamma, knowing his personality, he would endure everything alone in silence. 
"Alpha..." Iris called him softly, but he didn’t wake up, thus she shook his arm lightly, which woke him up instantly. His sharp eyes were directed at her, he was on high alert, just like a warrior in the middle of a battle. 
It must have become a habit of his to be sober almost in an instant. 
It took Cane a while to realize that he was in his own bedroom and the person before him was his mate, not some sort of enemy. He lowered his eyes and pushed himself into a sitting position. 
"I am done translating the documents, can I leave?" Iris was in urgent need to take a bath. 
"Yes, you can leave," Cane murmured and got off the bed, as Iris left. 
He went to the table and saw her nice handwriting and noticed that she had indeed translated all the five scrolls.
###Chapter 90: A DOWNPOUR
Chapter 90: A DOWNPOUR
Once Iris returned to her bedroom, the first thing that she did was take a bath. This room had a huge bathroom and when Hanna finished filling the wooden bathtub with warm water, Iris happily proceeded to take a dip in it. She breathed in relief when the warmth engulfed her. 
This wooden bathtub was big enough for three people. 
Hanna wanted to help her, but she turned her offer down, because she needed to be alone. There was something that was bothering her. 
Iris read the documents from the Andelus continent and from what she read, she could tell that the Howling Wolf pack had started exchanging magic stones for rations. It was understandable, knowing how dire the situation in this pack was. 
If this pack didn’t want to be so dependent on the Blue Moon pack, they needed to find a way to meet their necessities and right now, magic stones were the only valuable commodity that they could rely on. 
Winter would come and if they couldn’t acquire enough rations, they would face great trouble during the harsh winter. 
However, the people in the Howling Wolf pack had to return to their pack because this place would be so vacant and it wouldn’t be able to defend themselves if there was a monster attack, which happened so frequently during winter. 
If they didn’t return, this place would be destroyed and all the people that moved here first after regaining their freedom would be killed, not to mention all the progress that Cane had made to make this place as livable as possible would go to the drain. 
However, it seemed the merchants from the Andelus continent knew their plight and wanted to use it to their benefit, because they were bargaining for way cheaper exchange than the market price. 
Cane just became an alpha for less than six months, thus his connections were not so great and he needed to build some. In that case, he didn’t have many options, especially when their time was limited. 
The Andelus continent was the place where magic was born and they were in a great need of magic stones, which could only be acquired from this Ogregon continent, in other words, there were only two magic stone mines in this realm. 
No wonder the king salivated so much upon the thought of devouring both the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack. He wanted the two packs under his control so badly. 
When Iris was in deep thought, she caught a glimpse of someone entering the bathroom and because there was mist from the warm bath, which obscured her sight, she didn’t realize it until the person came closer. 
"Argh!" Iris shrieked when she saw Cane there, walking closer to her with only a towel hanging loosely around his waist. She immediately dived into the water, only raising her head until her eyes were just above the water surface to see the alpha’s expression, who was as surprised as her. 
"I didn’t know you were here," Cane finally spoke after he collected himself. 
"H- how can you come here?" Iris thought it was Hanna, who entered the bathroom, since she was in her room. But who would have thought that it would be the alpha? Did Hanna let him in? 
Cane frowned slightly, but then he shook his head. "You must not have realized that this bathroom is also connected to my room." 
"Ah!" Iris remembered that she saw another door inside this bathroom earlier. But at that time, she didn’t pay any mind to it, because she really wanted to get rid of the dirt that felt like it had turned into her second skin. 
So, that was the door to Cane’s bedroom? 
"I will return an hour from now," Cane said, as he turned around. He didn’t see anything because she was hiding under the water, but still, her face was so red, though they had been intimate before. 
"Wait!" Iris said urgently, but then when Cane turned around again and gave her a questioning look, she wanted to kick herself for meddling in his business. However, if drought befell on this pack, she would be in misery too, right? 
"What is it?" 
He was as cold as ever. 
"I read the documents," she stated, but immediately felt so stupid, because how could she translate something if she didn’t read it. 
However, Cane said nothing and waited until she spoke again. 
"There is this place near the Moon Dew pack, where the merchants usually trade their commodities." Iris then continued when she saw Cane’s expression didn’t change. "I think you can get enough food for winter." 
"What place is that?" Cane looked interested in this new information. Ten years of slavery left him in the dark about how the world worked, but it was never too late to learn. 
"A black market." 
Cane knitted his brows, he had heard about this place before, but he never thought to go there. It was the place where the most vicious and the most cunning merchants would gather. It was a dirty transactional place.
On top of that, there was another thing that didn’t settle well with him. 
"How do you know about such a place?" 
"I heard Mason talk about it a few times. He would be tasked to go there by father to buy crops around this time every year." 
Knowing Mason, it was highly likely for him to blabber unnecessary things. 
He would flaunt his freedom in front of Iris at every chance that he got, laughing at her face about the fact that she couldn’t even leave the pack, since she was a scourge in the family. 
Instead of selling the magic stones way below the market price, it would be wise to spend the money to buy the necessities from the black market. 
However, to go there, there was another risk and consequence that Cane had to think of. 
"Not everyone could enter the black market," Cane stated in a matter of fact tone. If it was only this, he knew. 
"Mason always went there with Redmond. I believe he knows something about how to get there." Iris felt a little bit weird to have a conversation like this with Cane, while she was naked and the alpha had less clothes on him. 
On the other hand, Cane couldn’t care less about their condition or situation right now, his mind raced, he weighed the pros and cons of her idea. 
But in the end, he only gave her a vague answer. "I will think about it." 
And after saying that, he walked out of the bathroom, letting her finish with her bath. 
========================== 
"What do you mean by the black market?" Jace frowned. "We don’t need to go there, we can endure this just for this one time. Let them buy below the market place. As long as we can go through this winter, we will have another nine months to think about a solution." 
Cane was deep in thought. 
"Your father will not be happy to know that you went to the black market, that place is felonious. Not only selling rations, but they do many illegal things, including human trafficking," Ethan added. 
The three of them gathered in Cane’s study to discuss the idea that Iris proposed. 
"Your father..." Ethan tried to speak again, but then Cane cut him off icily. 
"He is dead." 
The alpha’s curt answer was enough to let them know that he didn’t want to bring his father into this discussion and just wanted to focus on the matter at hand. 
His father was a righteous man, he would never do such a thing, but he was dead now and the problem that they were facing right now didn’t concern the dead. 
"When will we see the merchants again?" Cane asked Jace, who was taking care of this matter. 
"Two days from now, they said they will bring the produce and are demanding us to bring the magic stones." 
There were fifty magic stones in their possession, this number was the same as a year of mining, but because of lack of information and limited time, they couldn’t find the right buyer, after all, they were new to this whole thing and were still trying to find their footing. 
======================== 
Iris woke up with a start when she dreamed of the five swords in that huge hall again. She was about to touch one of them when she woke up and found herself in the bed. 
She looked around her because she felt unfamiliar with this environment, but then she remembered where she was right now. She rubbed her face and got off the bed, she was hungry. She skipped her dinner last night because she was too tired and fell asleep instead. 
After she washed her face and changed her dress, she went outside. Last night Hanna had told her about the location of the dining hall in this pack house. 
Usually, the dining hall would have a few long tables that could be occupied by hundreds of people, where they would sit and eat together. 
Iris immediately went there, but halfway there, she met with Ethan. He looked so fresh and it seemed the desolated state of this pack didn’t bother him so much, he was happy to return to their homeland. 
"Good morning, Iris!" he greeted her cheerfully. 
"Good morning," Iris replied timidly, because she wasn’t used to him treating her so kindly like right now. Before people’s perspective of her changed, he used to ignore or give her a curt word at most, thus to see him like this was a little bit odd. 
Scratching his head, Ethan chirped. "It is a good day!" 
Iris glanced at the rain outside and the gloomy sky, full of thunder. "But, it’s a downpour."
###Chapter 91: YOU EAT LIKE A BIRD
Chapter 91: YOU EAT LIKE A BIRD
Ethan was so hungry when he woke up and wanted to wolf down two whole chickens and a few loaves of bread. When he was halfway to the dining hall, he met with Iris, who was looking around, as if she was lost. 
Thus, without thinking twice, the gamma approached her and smiled brightly at her. "Good morning, Iris!" 
Iris was startled because he came all of a sudden, but she responded to his greeting. It was not clear whether she simply greeted him or she just responded to his greeting.
But then, because they never had a conversation before and Iris was too quiet, Ethan didn’t know what else to say. Soon enough, his smile faltered and things felt slightly awkward. 
Yet, out of the blue, Ethan blurted out, "This is a good day!" Once the words left his mouth, a thunder sounded from outside, as if to deny his statement. 
Iris turned to look out the big window on her left, there was a frown between her brows. "But, it’s a downpour," she said in a matter of fact tone. 
Ugh! 
Ethan scratched his head and laughed nervously. "Yes, I think we have different perspectives of a day being good..." he muttered unreasonably. Thankfully, Iris didn’t ask further, but the silence that engulfed them was awkward. He tapped her shoulder so she could look at him. "Are you going to the dining hall to get breakfast?" 
"Yes, Hanna said last night the dining hall is around here," Iris replied. 
"Oh, great! I am going to get my breakfast too before morning training." Ethan clapped his hands. 
"Morning training? But, it is raining outside," Iris said, as she glanced out the window again. 
"Nah, this kind of rain is not enough to stop the training session." Ethan looked energetic. 
But, it is a downpour... 
Iris didn’t voice her opinion and walked with him. 
"I think the alpha and the rest of the warriors will be having breakfast too before our morning training," Ethan said, but at this time, Iris wasn’t paying attention to him. 
Which was a bad thing for Iris, because once she stepped into the dining hall, she saw hundreds of warriors busy wolfing down their meals, laughing so hard and talking to each other. It seemed, despite the downpour outside, they were in a good mood to return to their pack house. 
Iris couldn’t understand this feeling, because she had never felt longing for a certain place. Even as she had lived in the Blue Moon pack for a whole twenty years of her life, she didn’t feel homesick at all. She didn’t want to return, but she was fine if she had to go back. There was no desire to be somewhere, because she felt she didn’t belong anywhere. 
"Why don’t you come in?" Ethan asked, as he grabbed her elbow when she backed away from the door. 
"I- I think I will eat later..." Iris said timidly. These people intimidated her. Their strong and staunch postures were reminding her not all of them liked her yet. Stone was still so cold to her even after everything that she had done, let alone these warriors. 
Commoners probably found it easy to change their minds and feel touched by what she had done, but these people were warriors and she was afraid that they would hate it to be in the same room with her. 
"Why?" Ethan then glanced at the room and noticed how her blue eyes were faltered at the sight. "Don’t worry, you can sit with the alpha and ignore the rest." 
No. That was not even a solution. She wondered if she would be able to swallow her food if she ate with Cane. 
However, Ethan didn’t accept a ’no’ for an answer, as he pulled her inside. He did it easily, because her harmless effort to free herself from his grip was simply a waste of energy. 
Almost in an instant, once she stepped into the dining hall, all eyes were on her. The room quieted down almost instantly and Iris could feel a lump forming in her throat because of how nervous she was. Their eyes were akin to needles, she felt her skin being pricked uncomfortably. 
Ugh. She would get indigestion instead if she were to eat like this. 
It was only Ethan’s hand grabbing her wrist that led her to the head of the table, where Cane was sitting, having his breakfast, with Jace on his left and Aria on his right. 
Needless to say, the mistress was extremely agitated to see her there. 
"What are you doing? Why did you bring her here?" Aria snapped at Ethan, as he sat down next to Jace, while Iris sat close to him. 
Ethan glanced at Aria and started to pile up food on his plate. "Why? I met her when she was looking for the dining hall." 
"She can’t be here," Aria was seething, the sight of her alone was already like having dust in her eyes. She was in a completely bad mood to see how gloomy the sky was today. 
"Why? This is a communal area," Ethan retorted lightly. 
Knowing that Aria would throw a complaint at her, Iris intentionally lowered her head, not wanting to understand what she was talking about. She quietly scooped a few spoonfuls into her plate and munched on her food. She hoped she wouldn’t get a stomach ache and could leave this dining hall as soon as possible. She wouldn’t come to have breakfast again next time. 
"You know why!" Aria snapped. She gritted her teeth and stood up, as if she was ready to throw a punch, though the one that she faced was the gamma of the pack. She had known him for years now and his high rank didn’t bother her any longer. 
"Sit down, Aria." This time Cane spoke sternly. He didn’t lift his eyes from his plate. "There is no prohibition for anyone to eat here." He didn’t raise his voice, but Aria immediately sat down. 
She stabbed at her meat, as if it had wronged her greatly, she felt dejected. It had been weeks since Cane allowed her to come closer to him. He didn’t even let her enter his room and was always busy. 
He should have relaxed a little bit, after all, they had escaped slavery because of him. He should have taken a break for a while, but instead, he became even busier than before, as if he would work himself to death. 
What would be the use of her taking the fertility pills if she couldn’t get a chance to be alone with him? Though, the bright side was, he didn’t find pleasure in Iris to fulfill the king’s demand for them to have a child in two years either. 
Aria felt the urge to get rid of Iris before it happened. She needed to think about this thoroughly. Now they were in the Howling Wolf pack, she wouldn’t have anyone and knew nothing about this pack. 
"Why are you eating like a bird?" Ethan frowned to see how little food was on her plate. He tapped her shoulder to get her attention and asked the same question again. 
"This is enough." 
"Do you usually eat like that?" 
"Yes." 
Ethan couldn’t believe it, such a portion wouldn’t be enough to be called a snack for him, but then Jace elbowed him. 
"Don’t bother her," he warned the gamma, who pouted his lips and enjoyed his breakfast. 
Would a runt eat so little like a bird? Ethan wanted to ask that out of curiosity, but it didn’t sound polite at all. 
===================== 
Today was the day when the merchants would bring the rations, to sell them in exchange for fifty magic stones, thus Cane, his beta and gamma also a few warriors waited for the merchants in front of the double gates. 
They agreed to have their transaction happen outside of the pack’s fortress. After all, this would be quick and there was no need for them to catch a glimpse of the Howling Wolf pack’s state right now. 
From afar, they could see carriages after carriages being pulled over by horses, there were around seventeen carriages and along with them, the head merchant came over on his white horse, he dismounted right in front of the alpha and offered salutation to him. 
"Good day, Alpha Cane. I am glad that you finally made up your mind and made an excellent decision," he said cheerfully. He was a man in his mid thirties with brown eyes and curled short hair that stuck to his large forehead. He was smiling brilliantly, as his sweet words were as smooth as a river. 
On the other hand, hearing that, Ethan sneered. An excellent decision? This was more like they were being robbed by selling fifty magic stones far below the market price in exchange for food grains and dry meat for them to consume during winter. 
What a jerk... 
His hostility must be visible clearly, because Jace elbowed him to make him school his facial expression. Ethan was irritated, but he tried his best to keep it cool. 
"I want to check the items," Cane said curtly. 
"Of course, of course!" The head merchant chirped. He led Cane to the first carriage. "See? The goods are of good quality." 
Cane didn’t say anything and went to the next carriage and then the one after that. 
"Alpha Cane, you are not telling me that you will check all of the carriages, right?" The head merchant looked at him disapprovingly. 
"I will," Cane replied curtly, but the head merchant stopped him when he went to the third carriage. 
"This will not do, alpha. Are you trying to say you don’t believe me?"
###Chapter 92: A PRESSING MATTER
Chapter 92: A PRESSING MATTER
The head merchant became anxious when he saw the alpha go to the third carriage, even more so when he said he was going to check all the carriages that he had prepared. 
"This will not do, Alpha. Are you trying to say you don’t believe me?" The merchant complained, as if he was feeling wronged by the alpha. 
However, his reluctance only set an alarm off in Cane’s mind. He looked at him icily and immediately knew there was something not right here. 
Or else, he wouldn’t overreact like this. 
Ignoring his complaint, Cane moved to the third carriage. At first, he couldn’t find anything wrong with it, the fourth, or the fifth and so on... there was nothing out of the ordinary, even until the last carriage. 
But, the instant change in the head merchant’s expression alerted him, especially when he sighed in relief softly while Cane couldn’t pinpoint the source of his nervousness. 
As a shifter, their hearing ability was way more incredible than any ordinary human. 
"See? There is nothing wrong with it, right?" The head merchant lifted his head with a smug smile plastered on the corners of his lips. "I take offense to this. This is not what I expected from you, alpha, but I will let it slide today. After all, this is our first trade and I wish we will have more exchanges in the future." 
Ethan sneered to hear such words. They were literally robbing them and now he had the audacity to smile in their faces, while talking as if he was so benevolent to let this matter slide. Wasn’t it the correct norm to check on the things that you wanted to purchase? 
"Now, can I have the fifty magic stones? I need to go somewhere else, so I will not stay for long." He looked at Cane with a cheerful smile, while rubbing his hands together. The sky was so bright and the light glinted in his eyes. 
Cane didn’t say anything, nor did he order his men to give the stones to the merchant. Instead, he looked at Ethan and spoke lightly. 
"Open this carriage, I want to see the items inside." 
"What?!" The head merchant shrieked, his eyes widened in fear, which only confirmed Cane’s suspicion. "You can’t do this, Alpha!" 
"Why not? Technically speaking, this will be ours, thus it is only right for us to check the items, after all, we got this deal at ’a good price’." Jace emphasized the words ’good price’, so he would know that they were still holding a grudge against it. 
"No! This does not include our deal!" 
Alarmed by the head merchant’s scream, all of the mercenaries stepped forward to stop Ethan and all the warriors. Though they outnumbered the shifters by an alarming margin, there was no way they could fight them off. They were only paid for escorting the head merchant, in case of a monster attack, but fighting off a bunch of well trained warrior shifters was a different matter altogether. They were not even a match for them. 
Therefore, Ethan easily walked past them and tore open the carriage that Cane had pointed at. 
Immediately, grains spilled from inside, at first it was good grade grains, but soon after the grains that spilled out of the sack turned dark and they could even see the rice bugs. There were so many it gave Ethan a chill. He hated bugs with passion. 
"What is the meaning of all this!?" Jace snarled, his face turned red after seeing the dark grains on the ground. "You are not only robbing us! You want to trick us!" 
The head merchant paled, the bright sun above their heads made him sweat profusely and the mercenaries that he had hired couldn’t do anything to face these warrior shifters. 
"W- we can talk about this. There must be a mistake," the head merchant tried to weasel his way out. "You only looked at one carriage, there are still sixteen more of them! This one must be spoiled because of the long journey!" 
"Sixteen more?" Cane directed his sharp gaze at the merchant, who unconsciously took two steps back. He was so afraid to see the calmness in the alpha’s eyes. 
"T- this..." the head merchant swallowed hard. "I will give you a discount! I will give you a discount for this one!" 
"Check all the carriages," Cane ordered his men. 
Almost immediately, they tore the sacks in the carriages, which surprisingly showed a similar result to when Ethan had opened one previously. 
"Care to explain?" Cane asked, his expression beyond cold. This old man was trying to fool him. If he didn’t check it and go with his instinct, they would have suffered a great loss. 
Not only would they be robbed off of fifty magic stones, but they wouldn’t even have anything to eat to survive all the winter either. 
Stale bread, spoiled grains and rotten meat. How could you survive with those? In any case, eating those things would send you to an early grave! 
"This..." the head merchant gritted his teeth. He didn’t think the alpha would check everything, thus he only covered the bad smell with some magic and once their transaction was done, there was nothing Cane could do. He had to accept it. 
The head merchant stammered, he raked his brains to think of the right excuse that could save him, but Cane didn’t have the whole day to wait for him. 
"Leave," Cane said impassively and then turned around. 
"What?! No, no!" The head merchant shook his head. "You have not yet given me the fifty magic stones!" 
The audacity of this man! Ethan was indignant to hear such a bold demand, he was about to tear this human apart, but Cane’s voice suppressed his anger. 
"Ethan." Cane glanced at the gamma and then continued to walk back into the safety of their fortress. There was no need for violence and other troubles, because there was an even more pressing matter that they needed to handle. 
On the other hand, Jace put his arm on Ethan’s shoulder, half dragging him back before he unleashed his anger. 
But before that, Ethan managed to kick one of the carriages to the ground. 
"Don’t ever show your face again!" The gamma snarled.
###Chapter 93: TELL IRIS TO COME HERE
Chapter 93: TELL IRIS TO COME HERE
"How long will it take to get from this pack to the Moon Dew pack?" Cane asked Will. 
They had shunned away the swindling merchant and destroyed three of his carriages that carried rotten meat. It was not a problem, because no one in their right mind would be able to eat that rubbish anyway. 
"It will take a week to go there," Will replied. 
They were inside a tavern, drinking cheap ale, while it was raining outside. Their mood was sour at the moment after what happened. 
"You are not thinking of going to the black market, right?" Ethan furrowed his brows, he tried to read what was in the alpha’s mind, but once again he failed to do so. 
Meanwhile, Jace looked concerned. There was another important problem that they had to consider if they wanted to make it a trip down there. 
"A week’s journey, which means it will take at least twenty days to return," Jace murmured. At least, they would need six days to one week to get what they needed. 
However, none of them had ever gone to that kind of place and on top of that, there was this new moon as well. 
If they were lucky, they would be able to return before the next new moon, but anything could happen during their journey and it was too risky. 
Not a single soul should know about what happened to Cane and they needed to keep it that way. 
"We can buy crops from the Crystal Moon pack," Ethan suggested, but that was not enough. As soon as he said it, he himself could see how stupid that suggestion was. 
Asking help from their neighboring packs was almost like revealing their weakness and once they did that, they would hunt them down, use it as their bargaining chip and history would repeat itself. 
The only thing that was now holding them back from attacking this pack was the image that Cane displayed. He created a false image, nothing truer than a mirage, deceiving people how strong these two packs were under his control, as this became the biggest pack in the southern kingdom. 
It worked, but it wouldn’t last forever. They would see there were piles of internal problems he was hiding and they needed to reduce the possibility of them ever finding it out. 
"Where is Redmond?" Cane asked Ethan. With him asking for the head warrior of the Blue Moon pack, all of them could see where it would go. 
"Cane." Ethan frowned. He didn’t like the idea. 
"Talk to me when you have a better idea." 
Ethan lowered his head. He didn’t have one, nor did Jace and Will. 
On the other hand, Cane knew that his father wouldn’t like this, he would always say not to engage in trade in the black market, but he was dead already and Cane needed to think about hundreds and thousands of people that relied on him heavily. 
"He is in the training ground. He must be there if he was not in the pack house." It was Will who answered the question. 
After knowing that, Cane stood up and left the money on the table before he walked through the rain to go to the training ground. 
It wouldn’t be a pleasant conversation. 
It didn’t take long for Cane to find Redmond. He was in his beast form, drenched in the rain. The grey wolf looked at him viciously, as if he was about to attack the alpha, but Cane was as calm as ever. 
"Shift," he commanded, but because Redmond didn’t pledge his loyalty to him, he couldn’t force him to shift into his human form. 
The grey wolf snickered at that fact, yet Cane didn’t falter. 
"Tell me about the black market and how to get there." He didn’t beat around the bush and bluntly asked. 
To answer that, Redmond had to shift back to his human form, since they couldn’t mind-link each other, yet he was being stubborn. Instead, the grey wolf growled in a low voice. A threat. 
Cane met him in the eyes, as he spoke again. "Will." 
Will, who just managed to catch up with him, immediately rushed to his side. "Yes, alpha." 
"Get Iris here." 
Hearing that, the grey wolf shifted and they could see Redmond standing there, looking indignant. "Fine! What do you want to know?" 
However, Cane didn’t seem pleased with his attitude. He had let it slide countless times already. "What are you waiting for?" He glanced at will. 
"You don’t need to call her here, we can talk now!" Redmond was furious. It was raining, why would this alpha want to put Iris through this. 
Yet, Cane just glanced at Will and it was enough to make his personal guard do what he was told. 
"Cane!" Redmond snarled. 
============================= 
It had been raining for the last few days and the dark clouds dampened Iris’ mood significantly. Actually, she wanted to request a meeting with Cane, so she would be able to go to the mines. She needed to find the water magic stones, since the one that she found was given to Ania. 
However, the circumstances and the time were not right. 
During these days, Iris had rarely gone out of her bedroom. She would only go to the dining hall once all of the people had left and move as quietly as possible. She was akin to a living ghost, as she didn’t want anyone to notice her existence. 
This pack didn’t have a library. From what Kaz said, they used to have one, but after the pack house was turned into a brothel, they didn’t know where those scums put all those books. 
Thus, Iris would spend her days perched near the window, watching the rain and all the people, who were smiling and conversing with each other. They worked together to make the pack house a more livable place, even the rain couldn’t stop them. Instead, they splashed each other playfully. 
Iris envied them. She wanted to have friends and conversations like them as well. She felt like an outsider, which was ironic, since she was the luna of this pack.
###Chapter 94: I WILL CATCH A COLD
Chapter 94: I WILL CATCH A COLD
Will didn’t go straight to Iris’ bedroom. Instead, he looked for Hanna first. He saw the woman near the washing room with the other women, chatting away. She looked brilliant and exuded warmth and gentleness, as if everything became better with her touch alone. 
"Hanna..." Will called her, he cursed himself for looking so pathetic. Why would he become so nervous just to call her name? 
Hanna turned around and her eyes landed on him, she was smiling and this made Will feel his heart thumping wildly. He felt silly because he didn’t know what to do with his hands that were getting clammy by his sides. 
"Yes, Sir Will?" Hanna approached him, while the other girls giggled to see this scene. Will really wanted to tell them to shut up because it created a strange atmosphere between the two. 
"I am not a Sir, you can just call me Will." 
The giggling from behind became even more noticeable and Will could see how Hanna’s face turned bright red. She tried to make them drop it, but the four girls only laughed it off. 
"I can’t do that, you are Alpha’s personal bodyguard." In other words, he held a higher rank than her. "May I know why you are looking for me?" She tried to ignore her friends’ teasing, but he could see how it affected her, in a good way, if Will could say. 
"I need your help to call for luna Iris," he said. It was a little bit awkward for him to address Iris as the luna of the pack, but it was her title and it was not polite to call her by her name when he was only a guard. 
"She is in her room, you can find her there." 
Will scratched his head. "I can’t just barge into her room, right?" 
Since Iris couldn’t hear, there was no way she would know even if there was someone right outside her door, no matter how loud he was calling for her or how long he knocked on her door. 
"Oh." Hanna immediately understood. "Come with me," she said and the other girls cheered in the background, they were like teenagers. 
Hanna shot them a warning glare, but it only made them laugh even more, while Will pretended that he heard nothing. 
Both of them walked to Iris’ bedroom in silence. They didn’t know what to say because they didn’t have anything in common to talk about. However, the absence of a conversation left Will confused as to what to do. He wanted to talk to her, but about what? The topics that he could come up with would be so boring to her. 
"How is it in the Howling Wolf pack?" He asked, scratching his head. This was the best topic that you could think of? He chided himself. 
"I like it here," Hanna replied earnestly, as she smiled lovingly. "I like the people here too. Do you like returning to your homeland?" 
"Yes." 
"Oh." 
And there, another spell of silence. 
Thankfully, it was only a ten minute walk and they finally arrived in front of Iris’ bedroom door, right next to the alpha’s. 
"I will call her." Hanna then entered the bedroom, while Will waited for them outside. He didn’t stop reproaching himself for choosing such a silly topic to talk to her. 
Not long after that, the door was opened and this time, he saw Iris. 
"Yes?" She asked. Her big blue eyes stared at Will. Her hair was a little bit messy, since she just tied it behind her back. 
"The alpha is looking for you, he needs you in the training ground." 
"Training ground?" Iris glanced at the window, it was raining. 
"I will bring an umbrella for you," Will said, knowing what she was thinking. 
"Oh, okay..." 
Iris didn’t know why Cane needed her in the training ground, but seeing how nervous Will was, she couldn’t help but think that it was something urgent, thus she didn’t ask further. 
Little did she know, the personal guard was nervous for something else entirely. 
=========================== 
Redmond’s eyes flickered in annoyance to see Iris walk toward them. She was holding an umbrella, but it was not enough to keep her dry. The hem of her dress only got wetter as she walked across the water puddles. 
"Come here, you can catch a cold if you walk in the rain," Iris said to Will, who refused to stand under the same umbrella as her. 
"We, shifters, are not that weak. We can stand in the rain for a whole day and night and be perfectly fine." He didn’t mean to brag, but just stated the facts. 
That was why, under that impression, no one cared enough even if they had to work or walk in the rain. 
"But, I get sick," Iris said in a small voice, she looked dejected and only then Will realized he had said something wrong. 
"Oh, that’s..." Will was speechless, but right after that, Cane beckoned her to come closer. 
Iris quickened her pace and approached the two of them, while Will stayed behind with the beta and the gamma.
"We can find somewhere else to talk," Redmond said in a grim tone. 
Cane glanced at Iris, who was shivering slightly when the cold wind blew over and without saying anything, he walked to the side, where they could take shelter from this rain, as the two of them followed. 
They were taking shelter in a tunnel that connected the training ground to the exit. 
Once they were there, Iris put down her umbrella and took off her shoes. 
"What are you doing?" Redmond frowned. 
"Yes?" Iris lifted her head and he repeated his question. "My shoes are wet, I will catch a cold if I keep wearing them." 
"Now, tell me about the black market." Cane didn’t beat around the bush. Since this idea came from Iris, she must be there to know this as well and the alpha could use her to press Redmond from talking nonsense. 
The underside of pledging your loyalty was; you couldn’t lie in front of the person that you gave your oath to.
###Chapter 95: HOW TO GET THE ACCESS TO THE BLACK MARKET
Chapter 95: HOW TO GET THE ACCESS TO THE BLACK MARKET
"Why are you suddenly interested in the black market?" Redmond asked Cane with a frown between his brows, but his eyes were fixed on Iris, who was busy wringing the hem of her wet dress. She crouched down. She didn’t seem interested in the conversation whatsoever. She was there only because she was called here. 
"Unless you can go through winter without food, you can start talking now." Cane glanced at Iris, who was in her own world, but then focused back on the matter at hand. 
"I can go through the winter just fine." Redmond shrugged his shoulders. There was no way there was anyone who could go through winter without food, but he was not in the mood to help Cane in any way. 
Cane looked at how obstinate he was and because he didn’t pledge his loyalty to him, there was nothing he could do except to kill him, but then it would cause a riot within the ranks of people under him. 
"Okay." 
Okay? 
Redmond was confused, he thought Cane would ask, beg or implore more, well, he wished the alpha would do that. 
After that, Cane walked away at a steady pace with perfect composure. He didn’t try to argue, nor did he try to persuade him. 
So, why did he come all the way to the training ground in the rain and even called for Iris to come if he was going to give up so easily?! 
On the other hand, Iris saw how Cane walked away from there and immediately took her umbrella to follow him. 
"Wait!" Redmond gritted his teeth when he swallowed his pride, but to his surprise Cane didn’t even stop, he kept walking. Damn this man! "I told you to wait! Okay! I will let you know how to get to the black market!" 
Only then did Cane stop walking, but because Iris didn’t have a clue he was going to stop, she ran straight into his back and fell down on her back. 
Redmond immediately rushed toward her and helped her to stand up. 
"Damn it! Can’t you have a little bit of sympathy?!" He steadied Iris and he only stepped aside after making sure she was alright. 
However, Cane only stared at her with an impassive expression. "It was her who bumped into me." 
"You!" Redmond glared at Cane, but in the end, he could only shake his head. 
"Talk now," Cane said. He folded his arms in front of his chest, as he leaned against the wall of this tunnel. He glanced at Iris, who was standing awkwardly beside Redmond. She didn’t have a clue why she was there. She missed their conversation earlier entirely. 
"To become a new member, you will need to get verified first," Redmond replied begrudgingly. 
He was well aware that without food, no one would survive winter, neither him and his men nor Iris, while the rest of the Howling Wolf pack, they could die for all he cared. 
"How?" Cane gave out an imposing manner, as he spoke, he looked careless, but his sharp eyes couldn’t hide the hundreds of plans that started brewing in his mind. 
"The verification usually happens around the end of this month, if you really want to get it done, we need to leave in three days." 
Iris followed their conversation now and learned that they were talking about going to the black market. Her eyes glinted with curiosity, she thought Cane wouldn’t agree to this and from what she heard, today was the day that the merchants would come to this place and bring the rations and all staple food, but what happened? 
"How to get that verification done?" 
"It’s simple." Redmond shrugged his shoulders. "You just need to win the auction for that." 
"Auction?" 
Iris craned her neck slightly, as she was so interested in this. 
Redmond explained that there were only three slots for every four months if someone wanted to be a member of the black market and all the people needed to compete to snatch a slot. 
"They will give the slots to the three highest bidders." 
"And then what? They will give you a badge to access the place?" If that was the case, Cane didn’t need to get into the auction. He could get it from Masson. A few rounds of torture would be enough to make him speak. His endurance of pain was not really remarkable. 
And as if Redmond could read what Cane was thinking, he snickered. "They will give you this magical tattoo to access the place and you can only bring four people, aside from you, with you." 
Cane lowered his head slightly, he stared at the ground, thinking deeply. 
"Is there a magical tattoo on Mason’s body?" 
"Yes, on his left arm." 
"Can’t I cut his arm and show it to them?" He was very practical and didn’t want to waste his time. 
Iris got startled when she read what he was saying, while Redmond gave him a derisive smile. "Of course, you can’t do that, Alpha," he said in a mocking tone. "The magical tattoo will disappear if you cut his arm. If people can do that, the owner of the tattoo will have to live in danger, as many people want access to the black market." 
It was not as simple as that.
Cane nodded and then looked at Iris for a while, before he spoke in his cold voice. "Prepare yourself, we will leave in three days." 
Iris blinked her eyes, she thought Cane was talking to Redmond, but why was he looking at her? On the other hand, Redmond also thought the same thing. 
"You are talking to me, right?" 
Cane lifted his head and looked at him. "You also, prepare yourself." And then he turned around and was about to leave, but Redmond blocked his way so fast. He stood right in front of the alpha. 
"What do you mean?! You want to take her with you to the black market?!" 
"Yes." 
Redmond was speechless. "She can’t do anything and will only slow us down. It will be troublesome if she gets sick! Have you forgotten how weak she is!?"
###Chapter 96: WHIMPERING IN PAIN
Chapter 96: WHIMPERING IN PAIN
Cane had his back to Iris, so she didn’t know what he was talking about until it aggravated Redmond, but she was speechless to read the warrior’s statement. 
"She can’t do anything and will only slow us down. It will be troublesome if she gets sick! Have you forgotten how weak she is!?" 
Iris grimaced. She was well aware that she could easily get sick and was thankful when Redmond stood up for her, but to say it blatantly to her face, especially when he spoke as if she was not there, rendered her unable to decide whether to thank him or get annoyed. 
"If you are lucky, you can only bring four people with you! She will be only a waste of space!" 
Iris frowned even more. This... his words... she felt so angry just to read that. 
"It is not up to you to decide," Cane replied placidly. He didn’t flinch at all to see the animosity in Redmond’s eyes, he had gone through hell to be intimidated by a mere warrior. "Scram." 
Redmond moved aside when he heard that cold voice without him realizing it. Such an intimidating aura was something that alpha Gerald would never have. That man was straightaway cruel and egotistic. 
Outside, the rain was no longer pouring, but it was slightly drizzling and the petrichor emanating from the wet ground filled the air with a refreshing smell. 
However, before he walked out of this tunnel, Cane turned around and frowned at Iris. "You are not going?" 
Iris was surprised that he remembered her. Waving her hand at Redmond, because she didn’t want to talk to him, since he upset her, she followed Cane to the pack house. 
"Come, it is raining." Iris tilted her umbrella toward him, but he pushed it away. 
"I am drenched already." There was no point in taking shelter under that shabby and small umbrella, when it was barely enough to keep her dry. The alpha was even more surprised that they could find an umbrella at all, since they didn’t use them. 
Both of them walked in this drizzle, while the sky started to get bright. It had been raining for the last few days, there wasn’t a clear sky day since they arrived here. 
"So, you decided to go to the black market?" Iris felt awkward walking side by side with Cane, while he didn’t say anything. More so, she was curious about why he changed his mind. 
Iris looked at Cane, but he didn’t reply. 
"What happened to the merchants?" Iris asked again, but she was greeted with silence. "Why do you need me to go?" 
Cane still didn’t want to reply, which made Iris stop asking him as she resumed walking in silence. 
Once they were in the pack house, Iris thought Cane would immediately go somewhere, but he actually walked toward his room, which was next to hers, but before she entered her own room, he held the door. 
"Tell Grace to prepare all the medicines that you will probably need for a long journey." Cane stared at her pale face. "Make sure you don’t get sick on the way." 
And after saying that, Cane strode into his bedroom and closed the door, leaving Iris in silence. 
"I don’t want to get sick as well, you know..." 
========================= 
"You will go to the black market?" Hanna widened her eyes in surprise. She looked very concerned as she didn’t think it was a good idea. "You have never traveled that far, Miss and from what I heard, it’s a very dangerous place." She bit her lip nervously. 
"I will go with the alpha," Iris reminded her. 
Hanna frowned. "The alpha is so weird to ask you to go on this trip." It was not like he would protect her missy if something happened, right? He probably would rejoice if something bad befell on her. 
Even though Hanna didn’t show it, she was still holding a grudge about what happened to Iris when she almost died, being stoned by people. The alpha didn’t even punish his mistress, despite knowing it was her who had provoked the people. 
"Why don’t you ask why he wants to bring you along?" 
"I have asked about it, but he didn’t reply." Yet, Iris had her own guess. Since it would be a long journey, no one could tell if he would be able to return before the new moon or not. 
And for some odd reason, her presence made the lycan feel calm enough to not create an uproar and from what she understood, her presence lessened his pain as well. 
"I don’t want you to go..." Hanna complained. She scrunched her brows.
However, Iris couldn’t say the same thing. She had been locked in her own room for years because her father and brother thought she was a scourge. It was only a handful of times she could go out of the pack house. 
Therefore, to be able to see other places was something that she really wanted to do. 
============================== 
A pale crescent moon shone like a silver claw in the night sky, frost grew over the windows even when the brazier kept the room warm. 
However, Cane still felt this coldness, it was the type of coldness that seeped into his bones. The only thing to do was to keep moving, keep moving toward home and the steady warmth of the hearth. 
The sky was a rolling blanket of clouds the color of wet ash and the ground was so dark and as he kept walking, he saw flickering light in the distance. 
However, before he could reach that, Cane woke up with a start. Sweat layered his forehead, as he looked around him in alert. 
Only when he realized that he was alone that he put his guard down. 
He pushed himself up from the bed and held his throbbing head. And when reality finally dawned on him, he heard a whimper coming from Iris’ bedroom. 
Cane frowned and got up from the bed, he walked toward the adjacent door, from behind it, he heard how Iris was whimpering in pain.
###Chapter 97: HEAT
Chapter 97: HEAT
Iris woke up in the middle of the night and felt her whole body burning, as if someone set her on fire. 
She opened her eyes and panted slightly, as she got off the bed and put out the fire in the brazier. Sweat trickled down from her forehead and her curls stuck to the sides of her face, annoying her. 
She was wearing a thin nightgown, but still, she was sweating profusely and she didn’t know why she was like this. Her body was feverish. Did she get sick because she was caught in the rain this noon? How weak was her body actually? 
Gritting her teeth, Iris went to the window and opened it, letting the cold wind enter her stuffy room, caressing her hot skin. Only then did she feel slightly better. It didn’t last for long, though, because soon the fire in her intensified even more. She fell to the floor, panting wildly. Her legs couldn’t support her body and she was trembling, unable to move an inch. 
What was happening now? 
Iris wanted to ask for help, but the only sounds that came out of her lips were pitiful whimpers. Something was wrong with her body and she knew it, but she didn’t know the reason and why. She felt so suffocated. 
Tears trickled down from her eyes, as fear crept in, the unknown was so terrifying. 
Aside from the heat that she felt, her muscles became so tense and she started to feel uncomfortable. Iris tried to soothe her aching muscles by rubbing her hands on her thighs and her neck, but it didn’t help much. 
She breathed raggedly and jolted when she felt someone touch her shoulder. Their touch was soothing, which was so surprising. 
Iris jerked her head to see whose hand it was and found Cane’s complicated expression. He stared at her with his dark eyes, which looked like a pir of bottomless pits. 
"C- cane..." Iris managed to mutter his name, but her voice was so hoarse, while she didn’t know what to ask from him. "Pain... It is p- painful..." she cried, as she leaned her head against his shoulder. Her face was on his neck, which strangely assuaged the fire within her. She snuggled even closer, ignoring the fact that his body turned stiff. 
Cane gritted his teeth with his arms plastered to his sides. He didn’t push her away, but he didn’t give her the comfort that she needed either, while this clueless girl kept rubbing her face against his neck. His eyes turned darker at her ignorance. 
The beast inside of him was restless, knowing what she was going through at this moment. She was in heat. 
Cane had been dreading this moment ever since the second he realized he had marked her. 
"Please... my body is burning," Iris whimpered through her tears. "Please, call Grace... there is something wrong with my body..." 
"No, there was nothing wrong with your body." Cane raised his arms stiffly, as he rubbed her back. "You are in heat," he told her.
However, of course, Iris couldn’t hear that. All she knew was; she wanted to rub her skin against his, because it would help her to get rid of this pain. His skin was cold and comfortable, but it was getting harder for Cane to free himself from this temptation. 
Her warm breath fanned against his neck and her lips were on his skin. He growled in a low voice, as he carried her to the bed. 
Out of instinct, Iris wrapped her arms around his neck and didn’t let him go. 
"Look at me," Cane urged Iris to look at him, so she could understand what he was going to say. "You are in heat, Iris." 
Iris liked the way he called her name and how it sounded in her ears, but didn’t miss the knowledge that she was in heat and knew what it meant. 
So, this was how you felt when you were in heat. Her father loved to torture those women in heat and exploited them even more by giving them to his men, while their mates watched in agony their women being defiled. 
Cane’s dark eyes bored into hers. "I can help you to alleviate the pain, but if I touch you, I will not hold back." His voice was low like gravel and grated like sandpaper, and every word caused shivers down her spine. 
Iris was muddleheaded, the only thing in her mind right now was how to assuage this pain. "Please..." 
Silence. 
For a moment, Cane didn’t say anything, he only met her pleading eyes before he moved away from her, which made her panic. 
No. No. No. He wouldn’t leave her, right? 
"D- Don’t go..." Iris tried to hold him back, she grabbed his hand and held on to him tightly. "I- I don’t want you to hold back." 
She tried not to think about what was about to happen. She tried not to think how painful it was the last time, because the pain that she was going through right now was far greater than that. She needed him and was aware that he was the only one that could help her. 
Cane’s eyes turned darker and colder, as he grabbed her thin nightgown and tore it apart, exposing her skin. 
Iris felt so exposed when he did that, but this was not the first time he saw her naked and the heat intervened with her embarrassment, as she only lowered her head, but didn’t let go of his hand. 
Cane twisted his hand and released himself with ease from her grip, but before Iris could take a hold of him again, he pushed her to the bed and wrapped the night gown that he just tore earlier around her eyes. He blindfolded her. 
Iris cried out at the sudden movement and the darkness that suddenly surrounded her. She began struggling impulsively. She was afraid of the dark. She couldn’t see a thing. 
"Relax." His voice was brusque, as he caressed her cheek to calm her down.
###Chapter 98: HEAT (2)
Chapter 98: HEAT (2)
Iris cried out at the sudden movement while her fear of darkness gripped her heart so tight. She tried to pull down the blindfold around her eyes, yet, Cane’s soothing touch on her cheeks made her still. His warm breath caressed her neck. 
Iris was overwhelmed, but Cane simply laid atop of her, she felt his clothed body blanketing her. 
No, his body was not clothed anymore. Iris noted instantly when her fingers met his naked skin. He had removed his clothing. 
Cane slowly lowered his eyes over her well developed breasts, flat belly and voluptuous body. There was truly no turning back now. 
His hand snaked to her breast and he twerked her nipple, applying slight pressure at the same time. Iris let out a small whimpering voice, trying to push back against him. Such unfamiliar responses from herself confused and scared her at the same time. 
He spread her thighs wider with his knees and touched her down there, readying her to take the full length of him. His fingers pressed against her womanhood, as she jerked involuntarily when his fingers went deeper inside her. 
Cane caressed her cheek again to make her relax, as he worked one more finger into her tight channel. Iris gritted her teeth when she felt invaded, tears fell from her eyes, seeped through her blindfold, as she was not sure what to feel. Was she being hurt? But, she didn’t want him to stop. 
She wanted him to touch her even more. The heat was akin to an assault now. Cane fingers worked inside her. He took his time now, making it more bearable for her to endure the actual deed. 
And as Iris rode out her first climax on his fingers, Cane let out a guttural groan. He didn’t hesitate to plunge himself into her opening, holding her hips as he worked himself inside her. He didn’t shove right in, like he did that night in the library, instead he pushed slowly, stretching her until he was all the way inside her. 
Iris gripped the bedsheet. It burned and it hurt, but there was something else, a feeling she couldn’t explain. 
Fear lingered in her heart and for a moment, it overcame her heat, as she was afraid that he would hurt her again, but he didn’t. 
Cane began to move inside her, as she whimpered. He kept up steady thrusts until she had the unbearable urge to draw him closer to her. 
But, soon enough he set a punishing pace, plunging in and out of her, as she was moaning underneath him, making little sounds of pleasure that she would be embarrassed about if she was sober enough. 
Her eyes closed as pleasure seeped through her, replacing the pain of her heat. Her body trembled under the onslaught, as she reveled in the sensations she didn’t understand, but felt overwhelmed under. 
When he tangled his hand in her hair, she stiffened immediately, she remembered how he had yanked her hair in the library. It was so painful, she felt her scalp being burned. 
However, Cane didn’t do it, he cupped her face, running his callous palm against her cheek gently, while his other hand snaked down to caress the nub between her legs. 
"Oh...!" The sound escaped Iris lips in a breathy exclamation, the same time he thrusted into her. 
This time, his fingers gripped her hips, holding her in place, as he savagely invaded her. She felt so full of him, as his scent embedded into her skin. Every movement and touch sent shockwaves of agony and pleasure through her, she whimpered and yelped. 
The alpha thrusted harder and deeper, he filled her to the brim until Iris thought she would split in two. He was big, too big. The feel of him inside her was so overwhelming. The bed creaked under his movements. 
Iris didn’t know she started screaming, until he suddenly wrapped his fingers around her neck, cutting off her air and the screams. 
Cane breathing came faster, harsher as he thrusted again and again, while suffocating her. He lost it. 
She tried to fight him, to twist her body away from the intense brutality of his thrusts because Cane seemed to have lost himself. His mind spiraled down the dark path, his memories of his slavery days surged forward and he treated her as one of his sex partners when Gerald and the other alphas wanted something to amuse them. 
"No!" He groaned sharply when Iris tried to fight him, angling his hips to thrust into her even deeper and harder. 
She screamed hoarsely as her body raptured into tiny million pieces, her inner muscles clenched helplessly around his shaft. 
He pulsed and jerked within her. 
No, there was no longer pleasure, it was only pain. Iris felt so much pain. The fire within her was abated a bit, but she couldn’t breathe right now. 
Without her knowing, she squeezed her inner muscles around him, giving him what he needed. He felt her gripping him so hard. 
Cane was violent and cruel, every stroke measured for pain rather than pleasure now, hurting her with urgency. 
He was twisted. Years of slavery under alpha Gerald broke something inside him, something that couldn’t be fixed. 
He groaned and moaned against her, as he pinched her nipples hard and at the same time, he sunk his teeth into her neck, the spot where he placed his mark on her. 
Iris screamed, as he thrusted again, filling her completely, then he froze and released his seed. 
Hot, wet streams spurt deep inside her, on and on. His grip around her neck tightened further, only a bit less harder than breaking her neck completely. 
He was shivering against her and the second the last pulse of his release filled her, the stickiness of his release dripped to the sheet, it lasted longer than any of his climaxes and finally he spared her neck, but she couldn’t bring herself to move. 
Once it was done, Cane pulled out and moved back, away from her, he stared at Iris’ weak and trembling body, the things he had done to her. Heat emanated from his skin, as he watched her bruised neck from strangulation. 
His dark eyes were glued to her naked body, taking in the damage he inflicted. 
Her skin was full of cuts because he didn’t realize that his claws emerged when he held her hips. There was fresh blood on her neck, as he bit her earlier. 
Dread coursed through him.
###Chapter 99: YOU STILL SEE ME AS A SLAVE!
Chapter 99: YOU STILL SEE ME AS A SLAVE!
"How are you feeling?" Grace greeted her when she heard Iris whimper and her eyes finally opened groggily to take her surroundings in. 
"H- Hanna...?" 
"She went to bring warm water to wipe your body," Grace replied. She then placed her hand over her head and smiled with relief. "Your fever has gone down." 
"How long... have I been sleeping for?" Iris looked at the bright sky out there, it was so rare to see clear sky, since recently it had been raining so badly. 
"It is noon. The alpha told me about you last night." Grace held her hand and took her pulse. "You were in heat last night. Do you feel pain anywhere?" 
With the healer mentioning the heat, Iris remembered what had happened. "My neck." 
Grace’s expression turned ashen. "I have applied medicine to your neck, you will probably have a sore throat, but the bruises will disappear in a week." 
It would be great if she could heal her by using her power, or she had an exceptional healing ability like any normal shifter, unfortunately, she couldn’t count on both. 
Iris didn’t give any response to that and the healer didn’t want to talk much about it. She knew what she had gone through. 
The pain of being in heat and having your mind muddled was something that was not enjoyable, even though your mate was there to help you assuage the pain. However with Cane in the picture, it was a completely different story for Iris. 
Seeing the bruises on her neck, she could figure out what she had gone through during her first heat. 
"Here... drink this first, I will ask for a bowl of warm porridge for you," Grace said softly. She helped her to drink, so she wouldn’t choke, but Iris was very quiet. 
She was not able to guess whether she was angry, sad, in agony or hated Cane for what he had done, she was very clueless. 
"You need to rest well, I heard you will go to the Moon Dew pack two days from now. It is a long journey." 
Iris only nodded and closed her eyes. She told her to rest, so she put aside her muddle headed thoughts and slept. She needed this the most. 
Seeing how Iris had decided to sleep, Grace tucked her in and prepared to leave, so she wouldn’t disturb her. She would let Hanna bring a bowl of porridge for her later.
But then, before she could leave, Iris grabbed her hand, she opened her eyes and looked at her directly, as she spoke. "Is it alright if I don’t take the dragon heart?" 
Grace widened her eyes, as she sucked in a cold breath when she heard this. "Y- you know?" She stuttered. 
Iris didn’t confirm that, but she gazed at her with sobriety. 
Grace narrowed her eyes, as she thought about it. She didn’t know why the alpha told her about this, but probably because of the two years time limit that the king gave to him. 
There would be a time Iris needed to know about this eventually. 
"Yes, you don’t need to take the dragon heart tea," Grace replied. 
And with that answer, Iris closed her eyes again, she fell asleep. This was the only place where she could be free from any pain. 
Unfortunately, Cane didn’t even have this privilege, since even in his dreams, he would be haunted by the demons inside his head. The part of him that kept reminding him over and over again about the hell that he wanted to forget. 
============================= 
In the blink of an eye, it was finally the day they would depart to the Moon Dew pack and Aria had been making a fuss about it. 
"Where are you going, taking her with you!? Why don’t you bring me with you instead!?" Aria was frustrated, she couldn’t help but scream at Cane inside his bedroom. She was furious when she knew Iris was going with Cane as well. 
Aria had been sullen because Cane would leave for weeks all of a sudden, but her anger immediately flared up when she heard Iris would go with him as well. Why would he bring that slut with him!? To take pleasure from her during the journey!? Why couldn’t she do that for him? She had done it for three years! 
"I can’t accept this! I can’t accept this! you can’t go with her!" Aria dared to growl at Cane, which made the alpha, who was very calm a moment ago, turn dangerous. 
He approached Aria and grabbed her wrist, as he shot her a cold look. "Don’t overstep the boundaries." 
Cane didn’t raise his voice, nor did he snarl at her like she had been doing, but the pressure in his voice and his intimidation was enough to send shivers down her spine. 
No matter what, he was the alpha. In no way could Aria disrespect him or question his decisions. 
"I don’t want you to go with her! Take me, please, take me." Aria made an attempt to touch him, but Cane grabbed her other hand. "I can make you feel better, I will not bore you." 
And that was all in Aria’s mind, she could care less about anything else, because all she learned how to keep a man by your side was to make them happy and if they were satisfied, it was enough. 
"Enough, Aria. We will talk about this once I return." Cane was trying to hold back his anger. He didn’t want to lash out at her, but she only made things difficult. 
"What?" Aria stumbled back when Cane freed her hands. "Do you like her now? Do you like the daughter of the alpha that had enslaved us because she was a virgin? Because you are the one, who had deflowered her? While me, just a slave, I am only a lowborn. Many men, countless men have taken pleasure in my body! That’s why I disgust you, right?! Even now you still see me as a slave!" Tears streamed down her cheeks.
###Chapter 100: THAT’S ENOUGH
Chapter 100: THAT’S ENOUGH
"You still think of me as a slave! I am just a slave in your eyes, a woman that has been defiled by many men in my attempt to protect you, because that’s the only way I know!" Aria’s eyes were filled with tears, as she clenched her fists hard. "Meanwhile, she is the pristine daughter of the alpha! No matter how evil her father was; she is still holding a higher status than all of us! You didn’t even bat an eye when you annulled her status from a slave to be your mate!" 
"Enough, Aria." Cane’s voice was so grim. 
"You marked her!" Aria was panting now. She breathed raggedly, as she was trying to contain her emotions, but her anger was so overwhelming, she couldn’t think straight when she spoke the next words. "Don’t you feel bad for the late luna Leana when you marked your enemy’s daughter? Claiming her as yours?" 
Right after what she said, Cane grabbed her by her neck, as he pushed her against the wall. He didn’t strangle her, but murderous intention could be seen in his dark eyes. The coldness and animosity in those eyes sent shivers down her spine. She felt the room become colder in an instant. 
"Don’t you dare to talk about my mate." 
Aria gulped down with difficulty, she feared him, but at the same time she was stubborn enough to look him right in the eyes. "O- or what?" 
"I will banish you from the pack." 
Banishment. 
That was the worst word that Aria had ever heard coming from Cane’s lips. 
Hearing that, Aria felt her legs give away, as she flopped down to the floor. She raised her head to look at Cane. His dark eyes were so calm and one thing that she knew about him was; he was not threatening her, but warning her. This was an ultimatum from him. 
"Y- you will abandon me for that bitch?" 
Cane narrowed his eyes, displeasure flitted across his eyes when he heard the way she called Iris, but he didn’t call her out on that, instead, the alpha crouched down in front of her and cupped her face. 
"I am not abandoning you for anyone and I will never do that." He caressed her cheek, his voice was soothing, but it was so firm. "But, you have overstepped too much and I don’t appreciate that." 
Aria felt his callous palm against her cheek, as he wiped her tears. But she didn’t feel any comfort whatsoever. 
"That’s enough, Aria. Stop it and this is the last time I tell you this." 
After saying that, Cane stood up and walked out of the room, but before that, Aria asked one more question. "What am I to you?" 
Cane halted, he replied without turning back. "We have talked about it in the beginning." And then, he left her alone inside the bedroom. 
That answer made Aria laugh in misery. She thought, after all these years of them being together, she could change him. She would be able to change his heart, she thought by becoming his mistress, she would be able to get him to love her. Making him a little bit affectionate with her. 
But in the end, she only deluded herself. 
Aria felt so unfair... 
=========================== 
Because Iris didn’t know how to ride a horse, a small carriage was prepared for her, which made Hanna unhappy. 
"Why is the alpha letting you ride this carriage, you are not some baggage." Hanna poked her head inside and pouted her lips. 
"We will go to a faraway place, it will be inconvenient if I have to ride a horse on such a long journey. It is already considerate of him to let me ride this," Iris soothed Hanna’s disappointment. 
Other people only knew that they would go to the Moon Dew pack because the merchant had tried to deceive them and now they needed food to go through winter. 
However, just like Aria, they didn’t understand why Iris had to go with them as well. 
"I don’t like this, I don’t want you to go," Hanna said sullenly, she had been behaving like this ever since she knew that Iris would go so far. 
Iris chuckled, but then her expression became so tense when she saw Cane walking out of the pack house, he was talking to his beta and another two men to distribute the tasks when he was absent. 
In his absence, it would be Jace, who was responsible for this pack and the Blue Moon pack as well. 
On this journey to the Moon Dew pack, Cane would be accompanied by Ethan, Redmond, Will and Iris, with two other warriors, but they wouldn’t go to the black market and stay in the Dew Moon pack instead. 
They had to keep it down, because a visit by an alpha from the other pack should be announced to the alpha of the pack first, but they didn’t want to make a fuss about it. 
They wanted to go as buyers, not to have pleasantries with alpha Gallot. 
From afar, Iris could read what they were talking about, mostly it was about the monster attack that might happen during this period of time because most of them would migrate to warmer places before winter came. 
Iris. 
Iris remembered he called her name last night, but how could that happen? She remembered his voice was so hoarse, but soft at the same time. 
She had been thinking about that and thought it was only in her imagination. 
On the other hand, sensing someone staring at him intensely, Cane turned his head and found Iris was looking in his direction before she averted her gaze and talked to Hanna beside her. 
In the past two days, they didn’t speak or meet, but from Grace and Amee, he knew that Iris was fine and she would only need to rest. 
Unconsciously, he looked at her neck, but with the high collar dress that she was wearing, it was hard to tell whether the bruises were still there or not.
###Chapter 101: JAELOUSY
Chapter 101: JAELOUSY
"You can say ’no’ if you don’t want to go," Redmond said as he helped Iris to load her bags inside the small carriage, while Hanna was trying to sneak in more and more food for her missy, which he let her, because Iris was not that much of an eater and she wouldn’t be able to finish them all before they rot. He was just there to help. 
"I want to go," Iris replied in a small voice, which made Redmond turn his head and scrutinize her expression. 
"Whatever," Redmond mumbled with a sigh, but then he lifted his head again and looked at her. "Now you can see, right? Why will this pack not survive without the help of our pack." 
Redmond was still unable to let go of the fact that the Blue Moon pack was sustaining the Howling Wolf pack. He found it extremely demeaning. 
"If I ordered my men to attack..." 
"Redmond!" Iris sucked in a cold breath, she looked around, hoping no one had heard that. "Don’t ever say anything like that again." 
Redmond rolled his eyes defiantly. He pledged his loyalty to her because she was the best option that he had among the worst. If Mason was still holding power, of course, he would have pledged to him instead. His pride for the Blue Moon pack was so high, thus to see the Howling Wolf pack squeeze them dry like that to support themselves angered him beyond words. 
And the most frustrating thing was; he couldn’t even voice his displeasure, because the one he chose to follow was incapable of doing anything. 
"You are so weak," Redmond said, as he dropped the last bag into the carriage. "You have power in your hands, but it is useless because you don’t know what to do with it." He interrupted Iris when she was about to speak. "You can’t even handle a slave like Aria. All you can do is hide. Do you really think that will solve the problem?" 
"I don’t want to add more problems to my plate." 
Redmond snorted. "What is one more problem when you are already surrounded by them?" 
Iris was tongue tied. 
"I am not asking you to lead a bunch of warriors and attack this pack, or kill the alpha in his sleep, well, I don’t mind it if you actually do that." Redmond snickered when he saw Iris widen her eyes, warning him. "But, at the very least, since you are a luna, act like one. You make me feel embarrassed to serve you as my master." 
Iris felt humiliated by his words, but she could only lower her head. 
"There, there, you are lowering your head again," Redmond grumbled, as he scratched his head in frustration. Fortunately, Iris didn’t hear those last words. 
"Everything is fine here?" Will came to look over Iris’ preparations, he glanced into the carriage and nodded. "This may not be convenient, but we can’t attract too much attention." 
"It is fine," Iris replied and Redmond scratched his head even harder and walked away. 
"Do you need something?" He shifted his attention toward Iris, but she shook her head. "Okay, we will leave soon." 
It didn’t take long before all the preparations were done and they were all set to leave. Even now, there was no interaction between Iris and Cane, while Aria could only watch the departing party from the balcony of her room. She looked at them morosely. 
Ever since she got the fertility pill, not even once could she manage to take him to the bed, thus all of that was in vain. 
She could only clench her fists tightly and swallow down her grievances. 
"Miss Aria, are you okay?" Dalia came to her side, she followed her line of sight and noticed how the small party became smaller and smaller as they moved away. 
"Do you think I will be fine after knowing Cane is taking that slut with him on this long journey?!" Aria snapped at Dalia, her eyes were extremely terrifying. 
Dalia was stunned and lowered her head. "Miss Aria, I think the alpha is taking luna Iris on this journey just to keep up a front. They are alpha and luna after all, thus..." 
Dalia had not yet finished her words when a harsh slap landed on her face. There was so much force in this one slap, until it caused her to fall on the floor. 
"She is not the luna!" Aria hollered. "She will never be the luna!" 
"I am sorry, Miss, I am truly sorry," Dalia whimpered, holding her cheek with one hand. She felt like her skin was burning, thankfully, she recovered quite fast because Aria’s long and sharp nails didn’t cut her skin. "She is not the luna." 
Aria glared at her viciously, while cursing under her breath. She walked toward her bedroom, where she hugged herself and cried her heart out. 
Seeing this, Dalia hastily followed inside and tried to console her. 
"Don’t cry, the alpha favors you the most, you have been together with him the longest, so there is no way he will forget about you." 
No. Probably he wouldn’t forget about her, still he had threatened her with banishment, something that she had never imagined before. 
However, she couldn’t say this to Dalia. 
"Miss, I heard there is a sorcerer in Riverside Pack." 
Aria glared at her. "I don’t need a sorcerer." 
"No." Dalia shook her head. "This sorcerer has a strong magic power, where he can even break a strong mate-bond." 
Intrigued, Aria listened to her. 
"I think, the reason why the alpha brings lu... that slut with him in this journey is because the mate bond between them is starting to grow." 
Aria’s eyes widened in anger hearing those words, but Dalia hastily explained. 
"After all, the alpha has marked her, so it is natural for the bond to grow between them. They even spent the night together when she was in heat." 
A vicious growl rumbled from her throat when she was reminded about that. Of course, Aria knew about the fact that Cane ’helped’ Iris through her heat.
###Chapter 102: THE SLAVE AND THE MASTER
Chapter 102: THE SLAVE AND THE MASTER
"After all, the alpha has marked her, so it is natural for the bond to grow between them. They even spent the night together when she was in heat." Dalia brought this topic up because she wanted to find an excuse to explain why the alpha was bringing Iris along with him. 
However, before she could continue, to explain the correlation between the two topics, Aria got agitated beyond words. 
"Shut up!" Aria hollered. She looked at Dalia with pure malice. "If you talk about that again, I will whip you!" 
Dalia sucked in a cold breath when she heard that and then lowered her head. She shut her mouth, not even daring to make a sound as small as a peep. 
However, after Aria calmed down, she asked about the sorcerer. She was at her wits end, where she would do anything to get Cane back, as if he was hers from the beginning. 
"I heard this sorcerer uses black magic. He can make someone forget about anything, even their own mate and fall head over heels for the person he wants to." She wetted her lips because she was too nervous. "But, the price...." 
"I don’t care about the price." Aria cut her off immediately. Cane gave her so much stipend every month. 
"But, the black magic..." Dalia looked fearful. "The black magic is highly banned and whoever performed it will be punished," she reminded her. 
"In that case, why can he still perform it and you are able to know?" Aria knitted her brows, clearly displeased because she didn’t offer any solution to her. 
"That... because this is a secret among the servants." Dalia intentionally lowered her voice, even though it was only the two of them here. "You know... slaves use black magic to gain favor from their masters." 
Aria found it was very ironic of her to seek for a solution in a way a slave would when she insisted she wouldn’t live like one. 
"I want to see this sorcerer." The words sounded so contemptible in her ears. 
Dalia said this sorcerer used to help slaves to gain their master’s favor? Was that what she was to Cane? A slave and her master? 
=========================== 
With a carriage in the entourage, they couldn’t go scale the mountains and chose to take the road instead. 
Inside the carriage, Iris opened the small window to look at her surroundings and was amazed by what she was seeing. She couldn’t help but crane her neck. 
After they went through the vast barren lands with nothing, but dirt and rocks, pointed and looking as if they had been carved with a chisel loomed precariously, surrounding them, they finally came to the verdant terrains, out of the territory of the Howling Wolf pack. 
Lush hazel trees lined the narrow path through the valley. Somewhere from a distance, the sound of rushing water floated over to them. The wind felt refreshing against her face, carrying over a hint of wild flowery scent. 
They rode for a little longer before stopping to rest at a brook. Iris couldn’t help being impatient to get out of the carriage and look around her, while the men took their horses to guzzle in the brook. 
They would stop here to have their meals before continuing their journey again. 
"What are you looking at? Come here, you need to eat before we move again." Ethan approached her, as he refilled his waterskin and gobbled up a chunk of jerky, as hard as a block of wood, which he grumbled about. "We will not reach the next pack until tomorrow." 
"Which pack will we visit?" Iris sat down next to him and refilled her own waterskin. The water was so refreshing. 
"Bloody Wolf pack. If we hurry a bit, we can arrive there before sunset tomorrow." 
Iris glanced over her shoulder and found Cane talking to Will, while Redmond was eating with the other two warriors. 
And after they rested for fifteen minutes, they mounted their horses again and set out. 
At night, they stopped near another brook and set a tent to sleep there. Actually, this small tent was only for her, while the men would sleep in their sleeping bags and use their bags as pillows. 
"I have set up your tent, you can rest now," Redmond told Iris, as he walked over to her. 
"Thank you." Iris was truly clueless as to how to set up a tent. She was fascinated how they could light fire and make a bonfire, using which they cooked soup inside a pot. From the looks of it, she didn’t have any high expectations, as Cane just tossed everything inside, but to her surprise, the taste was so good. 
However, even now, Cane didn’t talk to her. He didn’t even look her way, as if she was not even there. 
If he was really determined to not acknowledge her, then he shouldn’t have brought her with him, but then she knew why he did that and that he didn’t have any other choice. His choices were so limited. 
The next day was the same, thankfully, the scenery was alluring enough to distract Iris from her thoughts, until they arrived in the Bloody Wolf pack right in time before the sun went down. 
Redmond and Will went to find an inn for them to settle for the night. 
Iris got her own room, which was not really big, but it was clean and nice. When she was pondering about dinner and considering approaching Redmond or Ethan about it, someone knocked on the door. After three times of repeating this, he finally remembered the person inside would not be able to hear him. He was about to enter, but unfortunately, it was locked. 
Thinking what he should do to notify Iris, he stared at the closed door and right at that time, she walked out. 
"Oh, Alpha..." Iris was surprised to see Cane standing there. Did he need something? 
"Call my name when we are outside," Cane said in his impassive tone. "Come outside." He waved at her to follow him. 
Curious and hungry, Iris followed him to the bar downstairs, where it was so crowded.
###Chapter 103: BLOODY WOLF PACK
Chapter 103: BLOODY WOLF PACK
The second and the third floor of this inn were rooms, while the first floor was a bar and restaurant, where travelers would stop to get something to eat and drink. 
Iris followed him but it was too crowded for her to move freely while most of these men were mercenaries and rogues. They looked at her with a questioning look, since it was rare to see a young woman in such a place. 
"Al... Cane..." Iris tried to call him when she couldn’t get past a few burly men, who looked so drunk, as they chatted with each other with loud voices. "Excuse me, move please..." 
Iris tried to push them away, but they barely moved. How could these men be so big and strong? She tried to find another way, but this place was so crowded. 
"Move please!" Iris grew agitated because she couldn’t see Cane anymore. Where did he go? In any case, if she couldn’t find him, she would return to her bedroom and wait for him there. "Can you move please?!" 
The men finally paid attention to her, there were six men in her way as they chatted happily in this narrowed lane. 
"What is it? There is a young woman here?" A bald man looked down at her with knitted brows. 
"Move please, I want to go through." Iris craned her neck to look past his shoulder, but he was too tall for her. She could only see the heads of the people behind him. 
"Who are you with?" The first man asked, seemingly interested. 
Iris looked at the man, but she didn’t answer him. She didn’t have the obligation to do so. 
"Where do you want to go?" The man moved toward her instead, cornering her. 
At this, an alarm set off in her mind. Though this was the first time for Iris to go to such a place, she was not really clueless. 
"My mate is waiting for me," Iris said and thankfully her voice didn’t falter. 
"Your mate? What kind of mate will leave their other half alone in this kind of place?" The man snickered, while the other five intentionally blocked her way with their bodies. 
"Move away or my mate will kill you all!" Alright, she heard this sentence when she witnessed her father torture one of the slaves in the past and the woman said that powerfully, the memory of that moment still etched in her mind. 
However, all of them let out a boisterous laugh upon hearing her and grinned from ear to ear, not taking what she was saying to heart. 
"Really? I do want to know how strong your mate is." The bald man stretched out his hand, about to touch Iris, but she swatted his hand away and looked at him with disdain. 
There was no way she could get through them, thus it was better for her to return to her bedroom, since at this point, she must have lost Cane as well. 
"You are a feisty little thing, aren’t you?" One man stepped toward her and grabbed her hand, but someone had grabbed his neck, as their sharp nails elongated and embedded into his skin. Without doubt, whoever grabbed him, it was a shifter. 
"Back off." 
His domineering aura made all the men there take a step back out of fear. They were not shifters, they were just mercenaries, but they knew better not to provoke a shifter, especially when they were intoxicated like this and one of their men’s life was only a crush away from death. 
"Alright, alright." The man let go of Iris’ wrist and raised both of his hands. "We are good here. We are good, this is only a misunderstanding. You don’t want to make a fuss over this, right?" 
Cane indeed didn’t want to make a fuss and let their visit to this pack be known, but before he let him go, he left a long cut around his neck, not so deep to cut his veins, but it was enough to let him bleed in pain. 
"Argh! You don’t need to do this!" The man was panicking, but then Cane pushed him away until he stumbled onto his friend on the side. 
"Scram!" Cane said darkly, as he stood in front of Iris to face the six men there. 
His imposing features and the way he growled at them, emitting a dangerous aura that surrounded him, made him look menacing. His dark eyes were filled with killing intention, as if he wouldn’t mind killing anyone there, if he had to do so. Not only that, his claws elongated from the tips of his fingers, his stance clear; ready for a fight and it definitely would be their disadvantage to fight a werewolf head on. 
Begrudgingly, they left. They took another glance at Iris, but she was completely eclipsed by Cane’s huge body, thus there was nothing that they could see. 
"Thank you," Iris said timidly, but Cane said nothing and grabbed her hand. This time, he walked slower and made sure Iris kept up with him. 
At this point, she was still clueless as to where he wanted to bring her. 
But right in front of the inn, there was a tavern and Cane was heading there. Before they entered, he stopped and turned around to face her. "You already learned how to distinguish water magic stones, right?" 
Iris nodded at that question. 
And with that, Cane took her into the tavern, where there was only a man inside. He was sitting alone with a small package in front of him. When Cane and Iris entered, he lifted his head and grinned at them. 
He looked like he was in his mid-fifties and had a scar on his forehead with his grey hair that looked so messy. He was travel worn, but his eyes lit up brilliantly at the sight of them. 
"Ah! Finally, you came!" The man looked cheerful and let them both sit at his table. "Here, here, have a look!" 
He then tipped the package upside down and its contents scattered on the table, which made Iris frown.
###Chapter 104: A SWINDLER
Chapter 104: A SWINDLER
There were around eleven rocks on the table after this old man tipped the package upside down and grinned at both of them. 
"Pick! Pick!" He said excitedly, as he nudged the rocks toward them. "I will give them to you below market price! I got these from the Red Claw pack."
Red Claw was the richest pack in this continent and had the biggest mines, bigger than what Howling Wolf pack and Blue Moon pack had combined. Most of their magic stones had the element of fire, unlike their mines, which consisted of earth and water elements, though the latter type was hard to find. 
Iris looked at Cane, who nodded at those rocks. 
"Pick," he said. 
She felt that he wanted her to pick the water magic stone to replace the one that she gave to Ania during their journey to the Howling Wolf pack. 
Iris looked at the eleven rocks, the magic stones were still inside these rocks and it would need a tool to take them out, unless you had Cane’s skill, as he could do it with bare hands. 
However, it was only a little inconvenient to get the magic stones out of the rocks, but the problem here was; Iris couldn’t feel any magic stones inside the rocks, not even a single one of them. 
She touched all the eleven, but there was nothing. 
"Young lady, you must have a great sense, you must know that these rocks contain a great magic stone in each! You don’t need to waste your time and just pick whatever you want," the old man grinned from ear to ear, trying to coax her to choose quickly. 
On the other hand, Cane looked calm and waited for Iris to choose patiently. 
Iris didn’t say anything, she only shook her head subtly, indicating that there was nothing inside the rocks. 
"Are you sure?" Cane mouthed, but since Iris could only read lips, she could understand him perfectly. 
"Yes." 
Only then Cane shifted his attention toward the old man. "There is nothing inside," he said calmly. 
"What? Of course, there is a magic stone inside, you can take a look!" He said hastily. His expression flustered, as he looked at Cane and Iris back and forth. 
"There is nothing inside." Cane repeated his answer, but he didn’t stand up, instead, he ordered two drinks for himself and Iris. 
"Oh, seriously, how can you know there is nothing inside." 
"Do you want me to prove it to you?" Cane tilted his head. 
"Sure, you need to prove it, but you need to buy it first." The old man became indignant because Cane snickered at him mockingly. 
"I will not give you a dime, old man." Cane leaned his back against the seat and waited for their drinks. 
This left Iris confused. If he didn’t want to buy it, why didn’t they go back to the inn? Why did they still stay here if Cane didn’t want to buy anything from him? 
Not long after that, their drinks arrived. 
Iris watched the red color of that drink and was curious enough what that was, as she sniffed it. It smelled so sweet, it was a cold drink with chunks of ice in it to keep it cool. 
She then glanced at Cane and the old man again, they seemed to be in a conversation, but she didn’t pay much attention to that, as she took her glass and tried it. 
Hm! It tasted nice! 
The drink was in a tankard, thus it was a lot for her, but she liked the taste, she had never tried something like this before. 
Within a second, she had drunk half of it and then glanced at Cane’s drink. He didn’t drink it and she realized the drink was in a different color. It was in golden color. 
Iris was intrigued about its taste, but she didn’t dare to take his drink. In the end, she enjoyed her own drink, while catching up with their conversation. 
However, all of a sudden Cane pulled out something from his pocket and tossed it to the old man in front of him, as he took one of the rocks. 
Narrowing her eyes, Iris was sure that it was not a gold coin, the color seemed the same if you saw it in passing, but close up, she was sure that it was not. 
Cane then took the rock and crushed it, showing it to him that he was a swindler. 
The man was stunned, yet it was not because Cane called him out on his fraud, but to see the coin, which he took very fast and hid it behind his travel worn cloak. 
"There is nothing here," Cane said. 
The old man needed a few seconds before he regained his wits and looked at Cane again. "This..." he knitted his brows, trying to think of an excuse. "Oh, my bad, I think I brought a wrong package." 
Cane said nothing and looked relaxed, as he sipped his drink, while the old man in front of them blabbered about how he had a lot of magic stones in his house and they could follow him home to choose some, because Cane had paid already. 
"Sure," Cane said. 
Sure? Iris was surprised that he would agree so readily to that. Even she herself knew to not go with a stranger. She looked at him questioningly. Unfortunately, Cane didn’t look her way. 
Hearing his answer, the old man rejoiced, he gathered his rocks and put them into the package and stood up. "Let’s go, let’s go." 
Cane also stood up, but Iris tugged at his sleeve. "Are you sure you want to go with him?" She asked in a low voice. "You can’t go with a stranger." She quoted what Hanna always said to her when she was a child, even though she had never gone anywhere at that time. 
But Cane didn’t reply to that, he only held her elbow and lifted her to her feet. "Get up," he said curtly and took her hand to follow the old man out of the tavern.
###Chapter 105: HE WAS GOING TO KILL HER
Chapter 105: HE WAS GOING TO KILL HER
This time, Cane held her hand so she wouldn’t wander about and bump into trouble like earlier. 
They walked in this lively street, where drunk people could be seen almost at every corner. Some of them were merchants, some of them were mercenaries, while some were shifters and many more. 
This was a popular place after all, but then it was not a safe place for someone like Iris to walk around on her own. Needless to say, this part of the Bloody Wolf pack was not a safe neighborhood. 
And one more thing that stunned Iris was the fact there were so many brothels there, showcasing women half naked behind the glass, as they stood in small cubicles like structures, while the men ogled at them with lustful eyes. 
The sight terrified her, she glanced at Cane, but he didn’t even turn his eyes toward the sight. She was glad that he was nothing like those men. 
But, where were they going? Cane said nothing and only followed the old man, walking through alley after alley. They went deeper into the slums in this part of the district. 
Iris gently tugged at his sleeve again. "Where are we going?" She asked in a low voice. They had been walking around for more than thirty minutes now. They came to a quiet place, where there were not many people around. Iris started to feel dreadful, especially when there were no guards with them right now. "Where are the others?" 
No answer. Cane only glanced at her once and refocused on following the old man. He completely ignored her. 
Knowing that the alpha wouldn’t answer her, Iris chose to save her energy. It was futile to expect a reply from him if he didn’t want to humour her. 
But, soon after, the old man stopped in a dark alley and turned around, his eyes shone brightly under the moonlight, there was no one there, only the three of them. 
Yet after going deeper into this part of the pack, Cane heard a low growl from behind him and as he turned around, he saw at least five wolves behind them. 
Iris followed his line of sight and was startled. "Cane!" 
Yet, Cane looked at the five wolves indifferently, he didn’t seem surprised at all with this development. 
Actually, he had known that they were being followed since the very beginning, the reason why this old man walked in circles was because he had to notify these beasts to follow them. 
Iris was alerted of their situation, they were outnumbered. It was nothing like the situation with the mercenaries, where Cane still had an upper hand against them despite their number. This time, they were facing shifters and that was already a tremendous difference. 
Iris pressed her body against Cane, as she was terrified to think what might happen later. 
Yet, Cane didn’t seem bothered by this at all, as he looked them straight in the eyes one by one. "Shift," he said in a low voice and to Iris’ surprise, the five wolves shifted into their human form. 
All of them looked like they were in their late thirties, sporting solemn expressions, there was no dangerous aura surrounding them like she thought before. 
"Are you really the son of Alpha Josh?" One of them asked. He stepped forward from the shadows. Finally, the light illuminated his features and his green eyes shone brightly, spilling so many complicated emotions. 
"I am." 
The man with green eyes took another step closer and he gasped upon getting a better look of Cane. 
In the next second, he dropped to his knees, while the four men behind him followed suit; so did the old man that lured them here. 
"Alpha Cane!" He cried out. "Please forgive us for not being able to help you, I am so ashamed to face you right now!" 
Him and the other men pressed their heads to the ground so hard their noses touched the ground, as they begged Cane for forgiveness, but the alpha was indifferent to see all of this, while Iris was curious about who they were. From the looks of it, they were Cane’s father’s men. So, it was safe to say that these people wouldn’t harm them, right? 
"We need a place to talk," Cane said coldly, there was no warmth in his voice whatsoever to see how woeful these men were. 
After all, these men had never engaged in the battle when the Howling Wolf pack fell. They were his father’s spies in other packs, but not even once did they risk their lives to do something, instead, they lived in hiding like mice. 
If it was not for the note that his father had left in the secret room, he wouldn’t even know these people existed and how to draw them out of their hiding place. 
Their help at that time, wouldn’t have brought any tremendous changes to their lives during the slavery, but even so, there must have been something that they could have accomplished if they had access to the outside world, because alpha Gerald made sure to cut all of their means of communication and information access, poisoning them to render them unable to mind link with one another on top of all that. 
"Alpha Cane, that woman..." The man with green eyes stared at Iris. From the information that he gathered, he knew that Cane had a mistress, but he took alpha Gerald’s daughter as his mate and now she became the luna of the pack. 
That latter fact shocked them, yet, after learning the situation, they could understand. 
"Who is that woman, is she your mistress, or... that bastard of an alpha’s daughter?" His voice was full of rage, just like the others, they were taking their anger out on the wrong person. "Who are you?" 
Iris felt her tongue turn numb when she read what he said, his green eyes were filled with murderous intention. Would they kill her here? Would Cane save her? 
"She is my mate," Cane replied in an impassive tone. 
And after getting that confirmation, all of them growled dangerously, as the green eyed man dashed forward to get Iris. He was going to kill her.
###Chapter 106: WE CAN’T DO THAT
Chapter 106: WE CAN’T DO THAT
It happened so fast and Iris couldn’t follow what happened in that split second, because the next thing that she saw was Cane’s fingers wrapping around the man’s neck, threatening to snap his head off, while pushing her behind his back. 
Cane said nothing, but his eyes were so cold. They were filled with murderous intention for that man’s impertinent move. 
"If I want to kill her, I will do it myself. I don’t need your help." His voice was colder than the night’s wind. Coupled with his unapproachable tone, it made the man unable to speak. 
"Y- Yes alpha," The man answered with so much difficulty. Cane humbled him down as easily as that and this astonished the other people. 
The last time they saw him was when he was just fifteen years old, a young boy, who followed his father around to greet the other alphas and barely understood the duty of the title, but right now, he looked completely different from the one in their memory. 
Only after hearing that timid voice, did Cane let go of his neck and speak coldly again. "Lead the way." 
Iris, on the other hand, could only stick closely to Cane when she knew these people harbored ill intentions toward her just because she was her father’s daughter. 
But, aside from that, Iris didn’t understand why Cane didn’t look happy to meet them when they looked like they would follow anything that they were told to do. Cane even looked... angry. But Iris didn’t dare to ask. 
The old man walked to her left side, where there was a door before he opened it. Apparently, the six of them had been living in this secluded place and only came out when they learned Cane came to this district. 
At first, they didn’t believe it, until they saw it themselves. 
The coin told them that Cane also came here to look for them, the reminder of his father’s spies. 
Inside the house, which looked like a storage room that was turned into a living place, there was a round table with six chairs in the first room. 
There were not many things that you could see here, some bookshelves near one of the walls while a cabinet was erected against another. Several parchments were stuck on the remaining walls, it seemed those things carried important information that they had gathered all this time. 
"Have a seat, Alpha." The old man brought a chair for him once they were inside, but he didn’t give any to Iris, which meant they wanted her to stand up while they talked. 
All of them had their own respective chairs, while none for her. Actually, she didn’t mind it. It was not enough of an act that would offend her in this kind of situation. 
However, to her surprise, Cane pulled her and sat her down on the chair that the old man brought for him, while he looked around this tiny room. He stopped at the wall, where there were a few parchments of information stuck and read all of them. 
The six men were puzzled to see this, while Iris could only lower her head and fiddle with the hem of her dress. She was able to feel how their stares bored holes into her head. They despised her, that was for sure. 
"You managed to find a fire magic stone?" Cane turned around, his eyes fell on the man with green eyes. 
"Yes." The old man stood up and went to retrieve something from the cabinet. It was a small, red pouch. 
Iris lifted her head because this was something that she had sensed the moment they entered this place. So, it was a magic stone? 
However, unlike the earth or water magic stones, she grew comfortable with this sense. It gave off a different feeling than she felt from the other two stones. 
She craned her neck to see the pocket in the old man’s hand and this small gesture didn’t go unnoticed in Cane’s eyes. She looked drawn to the thing inside the pouch, even though he was sure she didn’t read their short conversation from earlier. 
Cane took the small pouch from the old man and threw it in Iris’ lap, which made all of them widen their eyes. That was their most precious possession. Something that they managed to get their hands on after years and years of staying in the Red Claw pack. 
Unlike the other fire magic stones, this one was of the best quality. 
Iris caught the pouch and lifted her head to look at Cane. 
"Open it," he said. 
"Alpha!" The six men grew anxious, they disagreed to let their hard earned stone be touched by this devil woman. 
However, one look from Cane was enough to shut them down, as they could only hold themselves back, watching what this woman was going to do with the magic stone. 
Iris opened the pouch and found a thumb sized stone, its color was red and it felt so warm in her palms, even her body felt so warm after she grabbed it. The feeling was very comfortable. 
"Fire magic stone," Iris said, she had never seen one, but she immediately knew it was one once she got a hold of it. 
Cane said nothing and then shifted his attention back toward the six men there. 
"Arthur, I want you to go to the Moon Dew pack. Me and my people will arrive there for an auction for access to the black market." Cane talked to the quiet man, who was sitting next to the old man. 
They were surprised to know that Cane still remembered their names. It was only natural if he forgot about them, after all, it had been seventeen years since the last time they met. 
"What are you going to do in such a vicious place?" Arthur looked at him with alarm. His father always told them to not associate with such a place. 
However, Cane didn’t answer that. "Do what you are told." 
"We can’t do that. We are ordered not to associate with that place."
###Chapter 107: A FIRE MAGIC STONE
Chapter 107: A FIRE MAGIC STONE
"Do what you are told." Cane looked pissed by his refusal, because he knew what the reason for that was. It was not the first time for him to hear a disagreement on this matter. 
"We can’t do that. We are ordered not to associate with that place." The man named Arthur looked at the alpha with disapproval. It was against everything that he had learned from Alpha Josh. 
"Who ordered you?" Cane leaned his back against the wall, his revered self was so intimidating. He was like his father in his prime, but there was more to him, there was something feral and ferocious about him. 
After all, he had gone through something that his wise father would never have imagined. Hell that could change you forever. 
"Alpha Josh. Your father will not like this. You know your father well, he must have told you about this as well, right?" 
Yes, that was true. His father had told him about this countless times in the past, that he should be a wise and kind alpha. He shouldn’t associate himself with something so despicable like that. 
"Yes." 
All of them sighed in relief when they heard his answer, but then they grew tense when Cane continued to speak. 
"If you still place your loyalty in a dead man, you can follow him instead." Cane tapped Iris’ shoulder to get her attention. "We will leave." 
Reading that, Iris hastily got up, but she didn’t want to part ways with the fire magic stone in her hand. However, since Cane didn’t say anything about leaving the stone behind, she put it inside her pocket and looked at the alpha, waiting for him to disapprove of her action, but he didn’t say anything and simply turned around to leave. 
Hastily, Iris followed after him, because she didn’t want to be alone with these men, they could devour her with the hatred in their eyes alone. 
"Alpha Cane!" Arthur and the rest of the men inside the room stood up. They looked startled to see how the alpha was very different from his father. The aloofness that surrounded him was something that they had never felt before, they felt useless and insignificant before him. "You are leaving? Are you leaving us just like that?" 
It had been years since they had been able to return to their homeland, and just like the other pack members, they too wanted to go to their pack, to their home and loved ones. This was not their place, this pack and its alpha was not the one that they pledged their loyalty to. 
The thought of dying so far away from their land and unable to return was something that they had been dreading about. 
No matter how far they had gone, they still wanted to return to their home. More so, Cane was the only person that they should follow. He was the only survivor of the alpha’s blood. 
"Alpha Cane, you can’t leave us like this." The old man moved hastily toward the door, but his steps halted when Cane turned around and looked at him icily. 
"Why can’t I?" 
"You are our alpha, what can we do without your lead?" Arthur chimed in. 
Cane’s expression turned murderous when he heard that statement. "I am your alpha and yet you refuse to accept the first direct order that I gave to you." Cane immediately spoke again when the man with green eyes tried to interrupt him. "Your loyalty still lies with my father, so you can follow him instead." 
All of them gasped in surprise. They didn’t realize how impertinent their words were. This was the first time they met and they were already disrespecting his first direct order, their judgment being clouded by one of the previous alpha’s orders. 
It goes without saying that once the alpha died, their orders would be nullified against the new alpha’s and they shouldn’t have questioned his order. 
"My sincere apologies to Alpha Cane," Arthur said, as he stepped forward, he lowered his head remorsefully. "I will do as you told me to do." 
And this time, no one disagreed with his decision. 
Cane looked at them one by one to see any trace of rebellion, but all of them lowered their heads solemnly. Too afraid to offend him again. 
"Meet me in the inn this evening before sunset." 
"Yes, Alpha." They looked excited to get a new order again and have someone to lead them, not to mention the chance to go back home. "I will take the stone." 
They nodded, but their eyes were on Iris right now. They wondered what qualification that Iris had until Cane gave the magic stone to her. Did he trust her that much? The daughter of their enemy? 
After saying that, Cane left the place, while Iris followed him closely. 
This time, Cane didn’t hold her hand, but Iris was satisfied enough with the fire magic stone in her pocket. The sensation of having this stone close to her hummed in her blood, and somehow, she felt ecstatic. 
"Do you know how to identify this stone?" Cane finally broke the silence between them. He glanced at her, who couldn’t stop smiling all the way to the inn. 
"Yes," she replied confidently. "I have never felt this comfortable before." 
"Comfortable?" Cane knitted his brows. "Is that what you feel?" 
Iris then explained the sensation that she felt with the other stones and this fire magic stone was the one that made her feel good the most. 
Cane listened to her in silence. 
"I think if we are in the mines, I will easily find this stone without even breaking a sweat," Iris said confidently. 
Cane’s eyes turned calculative when he heard that, aside from air magic stone, the fire magic stone was the second rarest gem and she confidently said she could find it easily. 
"If only I have magical powers, with a fire stone in my hand, I can use offensive magic," Iris said to herself. 
Cane frowned upon hearing that. "What do you need offensive magic for?"
###Chapter 108: MAKING A LOT OF MONEY
Chapter 108: MAKING A LOT OF MONEY
If the earth magic stone could be used for defense and the water magic stone could be used to speed up one’s healing process, then the fire magic stone could be used for welding offensive magic, while the air magic stone... there was no record of it ever having been used, since it was so rare and only one person had it, the Serafim. 
Unfortunately, Iris was not a magic user and no matter how great the magic stone was; she would never be able to use them. It was a pity, since they lived surrounded by these stones. 
"If only I have magical power, with a fire stone in my hand, I can use offensive magic," Iris said to herself with a sigh. 
Cane frowned upon hearing that. "What do you need offensive magic for?" 
"To protect myself," Iris replied truthfully. 
"From what?" It was not like she was exposed to danger every time. 
"You know, I am a runt. Shifters can protect themselves by shifting into their beasts and magic users could use their magical abilities while healers could depend on their healing powers to be useful. I feel like I am very useless for not being able to do anything," she said truthfully, there was a hint of bitterness in her voice. 
Thinking back on it, Iris really felt incompetent in everything and the mocking words that Mason had always thrown at her rang in her ears again. She was useless, a disgrace for the family, a scourge in their eyes. 
"You can find magic stones," Cane said in a matter of fact tone, which made Iris blink her eyes. 
"Is that a useful ability?" She didn’t think it was something that she could be proud of. 
"You can make a lot of money out of it," he said lightly. His overbearing demeanor from earlier had disappeared completely now. 
Iris thought about it for a while. Well, making a lot of money didn’t sound bad either... 
The next day, they woke up very early, because they needed to leave before anyone could notice the alpha from the Howling Wolf pack and his small party were there. 
But before that, Arthur and the old man, named Clad came to see him, just like how Cane had ordered them to do. 
Iris was standing next to the carriage, while Redmond was nagging at her because she went away last night without telling him anything. His reasoning was Cane could just sell her in one of the brothels here, which seemed really ridiculous to Iris. 
"Why would he sell me?" She frowned, feeling tired already to see him reproaching her. 
"You don’t know what is inside that man’s head, he can do something unthinkable, you know." 
Iris pursed her lips. "You don’t have any right to say that when you went away to indulge yourself in the brothels last night," she said in a matter of fact tone, which left the shifter tongue tied. 
"W- Who said that?" His eyes grew bigger. 
But, of course, Iris wouldn’t sell Ethan out. 
Redmond kept trying to defend himself and justify what he was busy doing last night, though Iris didn’t accuse him of anything. She was actually paying more attention to Cane, who was talking to Arthur and Clad. 
They were talking about another matter, apparently about a few problems in the Red Claw pack, but she didn’t actually understand what it was about, because Cane shifted his body and she couldn’t read his lips anymore, while the other two were just only listening to him attentively.
"Are you listening to me?" Redmond actually snapped his fingers in front of her face, which startled her and pulled her attention back to him. 
"What?" 
"You didn’t listen to me?" 
Iris was silent for a moment, before a mischievous smile lifted the corners of her lips, as she tapped her ears. "You know I can’t." 
Redmond was stunned. He forgot about that fact completely and could only stand there like a fool when Iris climbed onto the carriage, laughing at his expression. 
The next two days of their journey to the Moon Dew pack went uneventfully, though they met a few mountain goblins, such pests were easy to handle, since their number was not too great. 
However, on the fifth day, after they left the Crystal Moon pack, they met with two trolls, which destroyed their rations and made the rest of their journey difficult. 
"Damn it," Redmond growled in annoyance to see the carriage that carried their rations was destroyed, which was the same carriage that was used by Iris. 
"I told you to go for its head, right?" Ethan grumbled to see their pitiful rations scattered on the dirty ground, while the other two warriors took care of the carcasses of the trolls, as they took out their hearts before they turned into ghouls. 
"I went for its head!" Redmond didn’t back down. 
"Not the first troll, but the second troll!" 
"I went for the second troll, you dimwit!" 
"No, That’s the first, the bigger one is the second troll!" 
"No, that’s the first troll, I saw it first!" 
The two of them bickered nonstop about this, but then it was not the first time for them to have such an argument. 
It could be said that they just argued for the sake of arguing alone. 
It seemed, they were too bored to do anything else. 
Seeing how they were at it again, Iris backed away and found Will, who was inspecting the rations that they managed to save. 
"Do you think it will be enough for us?" Iris crouched down next to him. 
"Barely," he replied gloomily. "Thankfully, we will arrive in two days." He then looked around the forest. "I think we can survive by looking for some game." 
Iris nodded and helped him to tidy up things. 
"But, the problem is; you can’t take the carriage anymore. Can you ride a horse?" He asked in concern. They were short of a horse if Iris needed to take one, but then, could she ride a horse? 
"I don’t know how..." Iris said apologetically.
###Chapter 109: ARE YOU OKAY?
Chapter 109: ARE YOU OKAY?
Because the carriage had been destroyed, Iris needed to ride a horse, but the problem was; they were short of a horse while she couldn’t ride one at all. 
"I don’t know how..." Iris said apologetically. Once again, she felt like she was being a burden who couldn’t help with anything. Cane shouldn’t have brought her along. He would be able to go back to the pack before the new moon anyway, since he would move faster without her. 
"In that case, you need to ride with someone," Will stated, that was the only solution for them. Even if they bought a horse, she wouldn’t be able to ride one all of a sudden. 
"Yeah, I think I have to do that..." Iris’ first option was Redmond. She wouldn’t dare to ask Cane to let her ride with him. "I will ask Redmond." 
Will then glanced over his shoulder and sighed to see Redmond and Ethan were still bickering. "I think I need to go and stop them before they kill each other," he grumbled as he stood up. 
Meanwhile, Iris repacked the rations in two bags, so they wouldn’t have a problem carrying them. Thankfully, the troll was not a poisonous type of monster, thus they wouldn’t need to be worried if the rations made contact with them. 
Iris tried to help with whatever she could, since she didn’t want to burden them with her presence. 
Someone tapped her shoulder and when she turned around, it was Cane. He looked at her. "Are you hurt?" His dark eyes swept over her body briefly, checking for external injuries. 
"No." Iris shook her head. It was nice of him to ask for her well being after the attack. 
"The stone is still with you?" 
Iris felt it inside her pocket. "Yes." 
"Hm." 
And after that he left. 
So, it was not her he was worried about. He just didn’t want her to lose the stone during the battle. With that, Iris continued to rearrange the rations inside the bags. 
After everything was well and the carcasses of the trolls had been taken care of, they were ready to continue their journey. It would be around two days before they could arrive in the Dew Moon pack. 
"How come you cannot ride a horse?" Redmond asked with a frown. "I saw you lingering around the stables when you were a child." 
That must be the time when she befriended that boy from the stables. Though she read what he said, Iris pretended she didn’t hear anything and climbed onto the horse with his help. She was sitting behind him, holding his waist while trying to keep a distance between them, despite the small space. 
"This won’t do," Redmond said, feeling irritated. "You will fall if you hold onto me like that." 
Grumbling, Redmond took both of Iris’ arms and wrapped them around his waist, he pulled her until her face pressed against his back. 
"What?" Iris was trying to put some space between them, because it was not comfortable to be so close to him. 
Annoyed, Redmond turned around and looked at her. "You will only fall if you hold me like that." 
"No, I- I will be fine." 
Redmond rolled his eyes. "If you are really uncomfortable to be so close to me, why don’t you ride with your mate over there?" Redmond nodded at Cane, who was at the front of this small party. 
Iris said nothing, she wrapped her arms around his waist, but she didn’t rest her head against his back. 
"Whatever." Redmond let her do what she wanted. After all, she wouldn’t die if she fell from the horse. 
Not long after that, confirming they were good to go, the small party moved to the south. 
Iris, who was trying to keep a distance between the two of them, ended up hugging him so close. She literally buried her face in his back because the horse moved so fast. Her surroundings were a blur, as if those trees ran past them. She needed to hide her face behind his back, while the wind messed with her hair. 
But, the worst part was; it didn’t take her long before she felt her butt was on fire. It was very uncomfortable to ride a horse! She moved around, trying to find a comfortable position, but she couldn’t, no matter what, she felt her butt stung, but she had to endure it, since there was no way she would ask them to stop and wait for her to get better. 
In the end, she buried her face in Redmond’s back, holding back her tears. It was so painful... 
They finally stopped when the sun went down and found a cave to spend the night. The floor inside was dry and since it had been raining for the past few days, this place was just perfect for them. 
"Can you get down?" Redmond asked, as he tilted his head to check on her, but she was still burying her face in his back, thus he tapped her leg to get her attention. 
Iris lifted her head to look at him. "Are we taking a rest?" She asked in a small voice, she was in so much pain, she couldn’t even straighten her back without wincing.
"Yes, can you get down?" 
"Oh, yes, I can..." Iris was too happy to get down and touch the ground again, but because she was too hasty and overestimated her endurance, she stumbled straight to the ground when she tried to get off the horse. "Argh!" 
Her legs didn’t want to cooperate with her at all, as she couldn’t feel her legs at this point and braced herself for the impact, while Redmond was alarmed and tried to reach for her, but it was too late, his position made it hard for him to reach for her in time. 
Iris covered her face out of instinct, as she waited for the impact, but instead of the hard ground, she felt someone catch her, as she bumped into a sturdy chest. 
The arms that wrapped around her body were strong and he steadied her. 
Cane stared at her when she was struggling to stand on her own feet.
###Chapter 110: SAVAGES
Chapter 110: SAVAGES
"Are you okay?" Cane asked when he saw her struggling to stand on her own feet. 
"Yes, I am fine," Iris replied. She tried to stand up straight, but her butt was in pain and her thighs were so sore, she actually needed something to support her when she stood up. 
Seeing that, Redmond immediately dismounted his horse and helped Iris. He took her into his arms. "Come, I will help you to lay down." 
He supported her body, as they walked into the cave that they found. It was already dark and the other people lit up the fire inside after they checked whether the cave was safe or not. 
"Tsk," Redmond clicked his tongue. "I told you that this journey is too much for you, why didn’t you reject it?" He said in a low voice, but it was loud enough for Cane to listen. Actually, that was his aim because Iris right now was not even looking in his direction. Moreover, the warrior actually glanced briefly at the alpha after saying that. 
Unfortunately, Cane didn’t give a shit about that, he knew that Redmond wanted to get under his skin and he could try as much as he wanted. 
Truth be told, Cane’s ignorance was way more annoying than anything else, even his empty bickering with the gamma. 
"Stay there, don’t go anywhere," he said, as he helped her to sit down, leaning her back against the stone wall. 
"Okay." Of course, she wouldn’t go anywhere, where would she go with her butt on fire? Even sitting was not comfortable for her, yet she endured it.
She watched while all of them delegated tasks to each other. The two warriors would go to find some game for their dinner while Will and the alpha would scour this area to see just in case there was a monster lair nearby and the two bickering buddies stayed behind, as they kept bickering on how to make a bonfire, because they wanted to use different methods. 
In the end, Ethan stayed to make the bonfire, while Redmond checked inside the cave. Apparently, it was so deep. 
"Come here, Iris." Ethan waved his hand to call Iris over, so she could sit in front of the bonfire. 
Grimacing, Iris moved her body and walked toward the bonfire, she sat down next to Ethan and felt the warmth of the fire. 
"Here, you can eat this before they return with the game." Ethan gave a jerky to her, which she accepted and munched on. 
And after that, awkward silence stretched between them. If Ethan had a lot of things to say when he was arguing with Redmond, he had nothing for her. He didn’t even know how to start a conversation with her. 
"Hm..." he mumbled and glanced at the entrance of the cave, but from the looks of it, none of them would return any time soon, while Redmond seemed to neglect his duty as immersed himself in exploring the cave on his own. He was a lost cause. 
"Is this the first time you rode a horse?" Ethan asked, after he tapped her shoulder. 
"Yes." Iris was munching on the hard jerky. 
And after that, the conversation died down again. This awkwardness was so uncomfortable for Ethan, thus he tried to find another interesting topic. 
"Why didn’t you learn? Why don’t you learn now? Are you afraid of horses?" 
"No." Iris shook her head. "I loved horses before and played around the stables often when I was a child." 
"Oh, I love horses too!" Ethan was relieved when he could finally find a topic that they could talk about while waiting for the others to arrive. "Why didn’t you learn how to ride then?" 
"Because I stopped going to the stables." 
"Why?" 
"My father killed the stable boy, because I befriended him." 
"..." Ethan felt the atmosphere became depressing all of a sudden and Iris noticed it too. She just answered him truthfully since he asked. "Well... that’s sad." 
And ensued another stretch of awkward silence. 
Thankfully, it didn’t last long because not long after that, the two warriors returned with the game and they started to skin the rabbits. There were five rabbits and two snakes. 
"What do you want? Do you want a rabbit or a snake?" Ethan asked Iris happily, as he raised the animals in his hands. 
Iris was startled, and took two steps back, as her eyes zeroed in on the dead rabbits and the still struggling snake. 
"I- I am full..." 
"How can you be full when you only ate a jerky?" 
"It’s enough... you can eat my portion." 
"No, that won’t do. You will faint tomorrow if you don’t eat anything. We will ride for the whole day." 
Honestly, Iris was so hungry, but she couldn’t stomach eating that! 
"Okay, you will eat rabbit, because the snake will be too intimidating for you," Ethan decided. His happy go lucky nature was something that Iris admired, but sometimes he took things too simply and lightly. 
She was not intimidated by those animals! She really wanted to cry. 
In the end, Iris sat down at the far end of the cave as they skinned the game and started to roast the meat after they coated it with some spices. 
They didn’t even cut it into small pieces, as they roasted each rabbit and snake as a whole, right after cleaning it up. This was a nightmare for Iris. 
She would choose to eat her cold porridge when she was still a slave over swallowing this. 
Not long after that, Cane and Will returned. He told them that there was a group of savages not so far from them, as they took shelter in a cave nearby as well. 
"We need to leave before sunrise." Cane didn’t want them to bump into that group. Savages were unpredictable and they didn’t need another meaningless battle, especially when they were with Iris now. 
All of them nodded and the mood turned more somber. None of them had a good experience with savages. Gerald and Mason used to use them for torturing them or sexual pleasure. 
However, rage flitted across Ethan’s eyes.
###Chapter 111: SAVAGES (2)
Chapter 111: SAVAGES (2)
"Eat, why don’t you want to eat?" Redmond was annoyed because Iris refused to eat. She needed to eat something, because tomorrow would be a long day and if she fainted on the way, it would be him that would be hard pressed, since no one here would care enough about her. 
At least, that was what Redmond was thinking. He didn’t know that it would be so hard to take care of this runt and he still cursed the alpha for bringing her with them on this long journey. He still didn’t know what was in his mind. 
"I don’t want to eat that, I want to eat this. This is enough," Iris said, clutching onto her hard bread. She was satisfied with just this. The sight of a whole roasted rabbit before her eyes terrified her. 
However, Redmond still couldn’t get it. 
"I feel like I am taking care of a five year old child," he said in exasperation. 
"You don’t need to take care of me!" Iris was frustrated and scared, thus she became angry when he persisted in making her eat. 
He was the one, who made things difficult, but why was it her, who was being called childish? 
"Whatever," Redmond said angrily and turned around, but he left the roasted rabbit near her legs. It was a whole rabbit with its head angled weirdly to the side. Seeing it only left Iris even more mortified. 
She scrambled away from the dead rabbit, she hated Redmond for not taking it with him, knowing she was afraid. 
But then, Will came to her while bringing a plate with him. 
"What?!" Iris couldn’t help but snap, but tears pooled in her eyes when she saw what was in the plate. She thought this man would force her to eat as well, but what she saw was different. 
It was actually shredded roasted meat and it was not as terrifying as the whole rabbit that Redmond gave to her. 
"Here, you must be able to eat this, right?" Will knelt down in front of her and let her see the meat. The smell wafted to her nose and it looked tasty. "You need to eat. We will be in trouble if you fall sick." 
Slowly, Iris accepted the plate. She thought she could eat this... 
"Hha! What is that? It’s the same meat, but she accepted his, but not mine?" Redmond exclaimed in askance. 
"Are you competing?" Avid, one of the warriors chided him, but Redmond glared at him and continued to eat his snake brashly. 
After Will gave the plate of shredded rabbit meat to Iris, he took the one that she abandoned and gave it to the alpha, because it was his portion that she was eating. 
As the night grew darker, they took turns to stay on guard and Ethan took the second turn after Will. He sat down near the mouth of the cave, but once he was sure everyone had fallen asleep, he shifted into his beast and left. 
The cave was a little bit dark because the bonfire had died a moment ago. 
Cane opened his eyes when he felt the gamma leave his post. His expression was unreadable, but there was a surge of anger in his dark eyes. 
He stood up and walked toward the cave’s mouth before he shifted into his black wolf. His fur made it hard to see him in this dark night, under the canopy of the trees. He knew where Ethan was heading and he was sure what he was going to do there. 
It didn’t take long before he heard an uproar in the distance, which only made the black wolf quicken his step. He glided through the darkness and rushed through the trees like an arrow. It was only the black wolf’s golden eyes that could be seen. 
His hunch was proven right, the group of five savages were being attacked by a brown wolf ferociously. Needless to say, it was not a fair battle, since the wolf was simply outnumbered. 
The savages were hybrids. They had a figure similar to that of a human, but their height would range between two and a half to three meters while their strength could be compared to the shifters, as most of them were resilient to magic. They could communicate like humans, but their intelligence was not better than a child’s. They were driven by their lust and hunger. 
Once hunger struck, they would eat anything before their eyes that they could reach. They could even eat their own kind. Yes, they were the cannibalistic type. 
Gerald liked this type of creature, as he would invite them over to the pack and give them nightmares and probably it could be said that Ethan had the most traumatizing experience with them. 
His anger rooted so deep within him, until he ignored Cane’s warning not to approach them. 
Once the black wolf got close enough, he could smell the metallic smell of blood in the air. It was so thick, which meant there was a lot of blood there. He soon heard an angry roar from the wolf. 
Two savages had died by the time the black wolf reached there, but the brown wolf was not in a condition where he could take down the last three, yet the fire that was burning in his eyes didn’t dim even in the slightest. 
Without a second thought, he charged forward to the nearest savage and tore its limbs. 
=========================== 
Iris felt so cold, she was sleeping with only a thin layer of cloak wrapped around her body. The cold wind that blew in through the mouth of the cave made her shiver, as she rubbed her sleepy eyes and looked around her to find it was so dark. 
And now, she was not only trembling because it was cold, but also because she was afraid of her dark surroundings. She breathed raggedly, as her eyes zeroed in on the died out bonfire. 
She was hyperventilating, as she clutched at her chest painfully. She couldn’t think straight, but then her eyes caught sight of a sparkle of light from the corner of her eyes, much to her surprise, coming from her pocket.
###Chapter 112: MENTAL BREAKDOWN
Chapter 112: MENTAL BREAKDOWN
There was this light that flickered in her pocket when she hoped there was someone lighting up the bonfire back, but all the others seemed unbothered by the cold night wind. 
Iris blinked her eyes and reached out to her pocket only to find the small fire magic stone. In the dark, it glowed beautifully. The surface of the stone was the color of red, but the last time she saw it, it was a dark red, yet right now, it was light red. 
Iris was amazed to see the stone, she had never seen something so magical like this, though she heard many stories about the magicians and sorcerers and how great the power that those magic users held was. 
The stone was so warm and somehow, this made her whole body also feel warm, just by clutching onto it. 
Mesmerized by what she was seeing, she forgot about her fear of the darkness that still surrounded her, because right now, she had only eyes for this tiny light in her hands. 
This was so beautiful. She was enchanted and kept staring at the stone that was the size of only a joint of her finger. 
She stared intensely and saw something flicker inside. Was she seeing things? There was actually a flame of fire inside. 
Iris frowned. Did the other magic stones have the respective elements inside of them as well? 
Somehow, Iris became very curious about those magic users and hoped she could meet one. Right now, she didn’t even realize that two people had been missing from the cave. 
========================= 
"Shift!" Cane growled ferociously. His body was reeking of the smell of the blood of those savages that they had killed. 
He managed to arrive in the nick of time before those savages were the ones who finished his gamma off. 
However, the brown wolf growled at him instead. He refused to shift back into his human form, as he licked at his wounds. He was wounded pretty heavily and it would take hours for him to heal. 
Running out of his patience for his gamma’s little rebellious episode, Cana used his alpha’s voice to force him to shift back into his human skin because they couldn’t communicate freely when they were in their beast form. 
"SHIFT!" 
Right at that instant, Ethan shifted, as he huddled in a corner, holding his wounded arm, while it was still bleeding profusely. 
Seeing this, Cane really wanted to add more to his injuries, but of course, that was only out of fleeting anger because Ethan was the one who had caused this ruckus and endangered his own life. 
"Do you know what you have done?!" He strode toward his gamma angrily, but he only glared at him. This was the side of Ethan that not many people knew about. 
Some people would see him as a happy go lucky guy who would smile all the time. He could be so goofy at times, leaving people wondering if those ten years didn’t have any effect on him at all. 
But the truth was; he was not different from them at all. The wounds were too deep to be healed. 
"I told you not to do anything!" Cane’s eyes were filled with rage, yet the gamma held his gaze and reciprocated it with the same ferocity. 
"I never agreed to that!" He growled. 
"Don’t growl at me!"
Ethan lowered his head, as he whimpered, because of the pain that was inflicted, since he resisted the alpha’s command. Cane didn’t want to resort to this method, but this was the only way for him to make him behave. 
"I am going to kill them all. I am going to kill them all. I am going to kill them all." Ethan kept repeating the same thing over and over again, as he rocked his body. He stared at the ground, but it seemed he couldn’t really see anything, he was trapped in his own mind. "Kill them. Kill them. We must kill them." 
Seeing this, Cane closed his eyes and crouched down in front of him. He sat down next to him and patted his back without saying anything, just like when they were still in the prison after they went through torture. 
Comforting words were bullshit, they couldn’t use them, thus the only way that they could do to make things a little bit easier for themselves was to make sure that they were not alone. There would be someone who would sit next to you and be there for you. 
Cane lifted his head and watched the night sky, while the carcasses of the savages were scattered on the cold ground of this cave. 
There were also a few injuries on his arms, but all of those had already started to heal. 
Right now, the only sound that could be heard in this quiet cave was Ethan’s voice, chanting the same eerie sentences again and again, until he fell asleep, too exhausted to stay up the whole night. 
Cane only woke him up when the sky turned a little bit brighter in the distance and both of them returned to the other cave, but none of them talked about what happened last night. It was almost like a taboo topic for them to talk about how someone had a mental breakdown every now and then. 
However, once they were inside the cave, everyone was already up and was ready to go. 
"Where have you gone?!" Redmond chided once he saw Ethan. He was supposed to stand guard in the second turn, but this man had disappeared, leaving them in a vulnerable state without anyone looking after them. "Are you out of your mind?! We could have been slaughtered in the middle of our sleep!" 
He was exaggerating things, even though they were deep in sleep, as a shifter, their instinct would still kick in if they felt something was wrong around them. 
"Enough!" Cane said sternly to Redmond. 
The warrior glared at the alpha. He was about to retort, but then he glanced behind Cane. "Where is Iris?" He asked. 
"What do you mean?" 
"Iris is not here. I thought because both of you are missing, she must be with you." Redmond and the rest of the men were alarmed.
###Chapter 113: SOMETHING THAT HAD NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE
Chapter 113: SOMETHING THAT HAD NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE
Iris was staring at the magic stone in her hand when something caught her attention. There was this small flickering thing inside of the stone, and when she looked at it closely, she found out that there was a little flame inside it. 
She didn’t realize it before, but somehow the flame looked like it was alive, if it made any sense, because right now, Iris could see it was flickering as if it was breathing. 
She was fascinated by the sight and forgot about her fear of darkness. She was entranced and realized the little fire grew stronger. The flicker was following her breathing rhythm, but then it became clearer and bigger, as if there was something moving inside, not just breathing. 
Iris frowned and then nudged the stone, rolled it on her palm with her finger and a second later, it cracked. "Huh?!" She was terrified to see the crack, because it wasn’t supposed to be like that. 
A magic stone was not so frail, but it wasn’t the sturdiest stone either. Even so, there was no way a nudge would be able to leave a crack on it. 
The crack became even bigger, but this time, it looked like there was something from inside that would come out. Iris blinked her eyes to look at it closely, now all of her attention fixed on it. 
"How could this be possible..." she muttered under her breath, her mouth went agape to watch the process of hatching. 
What is this? Magic stone is some kind of egg? 
Iris was puzzled, but she watched a beautiful life come out of the small magic stone. She didn’t even realize that she was holding her breath, waiting to see what kind of creature would come out of this small stone. 
From the size of it, Iris thought it would be the size of a worm. 
But, once the little creature came out of it, she frowned so hard. What was this creature? Was it... a lizard? 
The whole body of this baby lizard seemed on fire, the color reddish bright, but at the same time it was almost transparent, you could even see the white veins running through its tiny body. 
While Iris was mesmerized by it, the little thing jumped from her palm and for something that was just born, if she could say that, it moved so fast, as it wriggled its tail. 
For a moment, Iris was stunned, she watched the little thing move away, deeper into the cave, until she snapped and realized that little thing was a rare fire magic stone! Cane had told her to hold onto it. He even approached her earlier because he wanted to make sure that she still had the stone with her after the troll attack. 
"Oh, no!" Iris immediately stood up in panic, because she couldn’t afford to lose the little thing. She stood up and hurriedly followed the flickering light that illuminated the little creature’s entire body. 
It didn’t take her long to finally catch up to the little lizard, but now, the little creature hid behind a small crack in the stone wall and wouldn’t come out. 
"Oh, don’t do this to me... come out now, okay?" Iris stretched out her hand, asking the little lizard to move to her palm, but it only tilted its little head. "Come here, little one." 
The little lizard blinked its black eyes, dark and shining like a pair of ink drops. 
"Come here..." Iris tried to coax this little thing and thought to herself what this creature would eat, but this was the first time she saw a creature like this little lizard, so she didn’t have any idea, but even so, she tried to find something in her pocket and found a jerky. 
There was no harm in trying, thus she used it as bait and surprisingly, it worked! The little lizard came out of the crack of the stone wall and sniffed the jerky in her palm, as it licked it once, twice and then munched on it. 
Iris was in awe. Her eyes widened in disbelief. What was this creature? She really needed to read more books and find out more about the magic stones. She was excited and thrilled to learn new things! 
She wondered if anyone had ever heard about something like this? Or did she just witness something that had never happened before? 
"Let’s show you to the alpha, shall we?" Iris caressed the little lizard’s back, as it ate the jerky. 
However, when she turned around to go back to where everyone was, she couldn’t find the way. Apparently, she went too deep into the cave and because she was too focused on this little lizard, she didn’t pay attention to which direction she came from. 
To make matters worse, the deeper you got into the cave, the more branched this place would be it seemed.
========================= 
"Iris is not here. I thought because both of you are missing, she must be with you." Redmond frowned so hard, as he looked around him. 
Hearing this, the rest of the men were alarmed. 
"She is not with you, Alpha?" Will asked, he walked closer to them. 
"Since when was she missing?" Cane’s voice was cold. He looked at them one by one. 
"I was the one to wake up first, but I didn’t see her and because I didn’t see the two of you either, I thought you were together." It was Avid, who answered this for him. 
Silence fell after that, before Redmond cursed out loud and shifted into his beast form to search around the forest, while Avid and Trion followed him to find her around this forest. 
She must not be too far, because she wouldn’t be able to move as fast as them. 
"I will help them to check as well." Will left, following the three of them, so did Ethan. 
However, Cane didn’t move from his position, as his eyes stayed glued to the cave. Her scent didn’t leave a trail from that place, which meant she was still inside.
###Chapter 114: FIRE LIZARD
Chapter 114: FIRE LIZARD
It was natural for Cane to be more sensitive to her scent, since she was his mate and he had marked her. After bearing his mark, the mate bond between them started to grow as well. 
Thus, when everyone thought Iris was roaming around the forest and started to look outside of the cave, because the forest was so vast and they had to cover as much ground as they could to find her, the alpha stood motionless in his spot as he stared at the cave. 
Cane walked toward the cave and started to scrutinize everything around here. 
He approached the spot she was sleeping last night at and found the cloak that she used to sleep in discarded there. Her scent was the strongest here, and based on this alone, he concluded that instead of going out, she went deeper into the cave. 
Cane narrowed his eyes, as he followed her soft and delicate scent deeper into the cave. 
It was not so hard to find her, but the intricate path that he took to reach her made Cane furrow his brows. Why did Iris lose her way here in the first place? Why would she roam around when everyone was sleeping? 
It didn’t take long for him to find the woman and as he drew closer, he could hear her talking. Who was she talking to? 
Cane’s brows knitted when her voice became clearer. There was someone with her! 
"This is not the path either..." Iris grumbled. "We need to go back soon, or else they will leave me in this cave." She was on the verge of tears, her legs started aching because she roamed around this place for god knows how long. 
She was afraid that they would leave her behind once they found out that she was not in the cave, not even bothering to look for her. 
Redmond would probably look for her, but what about the others? Would he be able to manage to find her here when it was already so hard for her to remember the path she had taken earlier? 
"That’s why you shouldn’t have run away." The little lizard perched on her head, hiding in her curls, it was hard to see it if you didn’t take a closer look, since her auburn, curly hair and the color of the lizard was almost the same. "Now we are lost..." 
On the other hand, Cane had been following her for about five minutes now and he couldn’t see anyone here. Was she talking to herself? He didn’t want to believe that she had an imaginary friend, but if that was not the case, it must be because there was something wrong with her head. 
In the end, when Cane finally made sure there was no one else except for the two of them there, he tapped her shoulder to get her attention as he usually did. 
Iris still didn’t realize that she was being followed. She was being so ignorant of her surroundings and how could she not be able to sense if there was someone else close to her when all of the shifters could do it so easily? 
Was it because she was a runt, thus all the privileges of being a shifter were withdrawn as well? 
"Argh!" Iris let out a shrill scream when she felt someone tap on her shoulder out of shock, because she had been busy mulling over her own predicament. 
However, once she saw it was Cane, who was now staring at her with a frown, she calmed down as relief flooded her entire being. 
But then, right at that time, her little friend decided to come out of its hiding place as it glided down her long hair to her shoulder before trying to attack Cane. 
Iris was shocked to see that this little fella could breathe fire, though it was not enough to cause injury, of course, this was something that none of them had anticipated. 
Cane took a step back, but the distance that this little lizard’s fire could reach was too short to burn him, thus in one swift move, he grabbed the little thing and was about to squeeze it to death in his palm. 
However, Iris cried in alarm when she saw the killing intent flashing in his dark eyes, and immediately grabbed his hand. 
"No! No! No!" Iris shook her head profusely, which left Cane puzzled and it was enough to make him stop what he was about to do, yet he didn’t let go of this creature. "This is the fire magic stone!" Iris blurted out, because she didn’t know how else she could explain this. 
"Fire magic stone?" 
Iris nodded, she was still holding his hand, while the little lizard was struggling to free itself from his grip. It tried to shoot fire at Cane again, but it couldn’t reach him at all, while he could feel the heat from the creature, it was not enough to do harm on him. 
"Magic stone is an egg?" Cane found it hard to believe it after he heard what Iris had said, he looked at her in disbelief. 
"Please, let it go, the lizard is harmless." 
"So, this is a lizard?" 
Iris looked doubtful when she answered him. "I don’t know... but, it looks like one." 
Cane looked at the little fella in his grip that kept trying to burn him. So much for a harmless creature. 
"Alpha, the lizard only attacked because it thought that you would harm me." 
"You can talk with this thing?" Cane’s confusion only grew more and more unexplainable. 
"It is not that I can communicate with this lizard..." Iris dragged on her words, as if she was not sure how to explain this. "This is almost like how I can find those magic stones, I just feel it and know it." 
Cane was silent, he looked at the lizard that kept trying to wriggle its little body out of his grip, while breathing fire at him, but then he released the little creature. 
He saw it shooting fire at his palm one last time before it jumped onto Iris’ shoulder and hid back in her auburn hair, burying itself in her
###Chapter 115: BURRIED ON THE BACK OF HER MIND
Chapter 115: BURRIED ON THE BACK OF HER MIND
"That thing." Cane tapped her shoulder and looked at the top of her hair, his brows knitted. If that little lizard breathed fire right now, her hair would be burned. "Don’t let anyone else see it." 
"Okay." Iris reached into her hair and caressed the little lizard, as it nuzzled her finger. 
After that, Cane led the way back. 
"Why is that thing hiding in your hair?" Redmond frowned, he was displeased to see such a creature. 
Not only him, but the rest of them also didn’t understand why they had to take that lizard with them when they could kill it or let it back in nature. 
Cane only told them Iris found the little lizard inside the cave, but he didn’t tell them how it appeared, since they didn’t know about the fire magic stone, thus there was no need to alarm them over it. 
Especially when Redmond was here. Cane didn’t have the slightest intention to explain a single thing to him. 
"I don’t know..." Iris replied. "Maybe the lizard likes it." She couldn’t come up with a better excuse and Redmond scoffed. 
"Come on, we need to go, you have delayed us enough!" Redmond said, as he grabbed Iris’ hand to walk toward his horse. 
He was always acting so brashly, but because Iris had gotten used to it, she didn’t complain and followed him to the horse, as he helped her to mount it. 
Even before they started moving, Iris could feel her butt burning in pain. The pain from yesterday had not yet been relieved. 
"This will only be a day ride, hold on." Redmond’s voice was curt, it was not clear whether he was still encouraging her or not at this moment. 
Sighing deeply, Iris wrapped her arms around his waist, because she knew there was no point in keeping distance while riding the horse together, and rested her head on his back. 
From the side, Cane glanced at them, but said nothing, as he mounted his own horse and led this small party. 
The journey to the Moon Dew Pack would only take a day from here and after a short break in the afternoon, when all of the men, except for the alpha, surrounded her to watch the lizard breathe out fire, they resumed their journey. 
It was midnight when they arrived at the Moon Dew pack, where they would stay the night and move to Aarleen city, in order to participate in the auction for the access to enter the black market. 
Redmond went to find an inn for them to stay the night and once Iris cleaned herself up and laid on the bed, she fell asleep almost immediately. 
She was so tired and was in so much pain from a whole day riding, she slept without trouble, but once again she dreamed about the five swords in that empty hall. 
======================== 
Iris opened her eyes sluggishly when she felt uncomfortable, as if she was suddenly being put in a spotlight and the intense stare that she received gave her a start. 
She opened her eyes groggily only to find Cane staring at her, she almost jumped in fear because of how shocked she was, her eyes widened in apprehension, as she put a distance between them out of instinct. 
Iris probably tried to act normally with him, but it didn’t mean the dreadful thing that happened between them could be forgotten so easily. 
She used to bury all ’bad memories’ in the back of her mind, she pretended as if that thing happened to someone else instead. In that way, she could prevent herself from the heartache. 
She used this method when her father killed that stable boy, also to unmind all the things that Mason had done to her. Some of them had been forgotten intentionally, except for a few that plagued her mind too deeply. She buried them in the back of her mind instead. 
In that way, she not only did not seek futile revenge, but at the same time she also avoided being in so much agony and despair because of the grudge. 
However, it didn’t mean it had disappeared completely... all of them were still there, in the back of her mind, lurking for a chance to rear their ugly head. 
"Wh- what are you doing here?" Iris was studying his expression. Did he have another outburst again like when they were in the library? 
"I came to wake you up because we need to go now." Cane could sense her distrustful eyes, thus he stood up from the edge of the bed and nodded at the small table beside the bed. "Eat now, or that thing will finish your breakfast." 
"Hm?" Iris didn’t understand, but when she followed his line of sight, she found her little companion gobbling up her sandwiches. This little thing had already finished one third of the portion. "Ah!" 
Iris immediately scrambled to get the lizard away from her food. She didn’t know that this little thing could be so gluttonous. 
"We will leave in ten minutes." 
After that, Cane left her to prepare herself for their journey to the Aarleen city. It was only a four hour trip from what Redmond said last night. 
That was why when they arrived in that city, it was still noon and they could walk around this place to see a few things, which was the first time for Iris. 
She went with Redmond and Ethan, who kept bickering every second of it. Thankfully, she could ignore them just fine and indulged herself in her surroundings. 
"Redmond, buy me this," Iris said, as she tugged at his sleeve. She pointed at a book about magic stones. She was really curious about them and the only way to understand them was by reading a few books to get the information. 
There was another way to learn about magic stones, where they needed to find a magic user and ask them for the explanation, but those magic users wouldn’t utter a single word if it was not to their own kind. 
"How shameless of you to ask me for money, I don’t have any," Redmond replied, grumbling because he finished it in the brothels and now, he had nothing left.
###Chapter 116: HE IS AN ANGEL COMPARED TO THE KING
Chapter 116: HE IS AN ANGEL COMPARED TO THE KING
When the sun went down, it was finally their time to go to the auction to bid on the entry of the black market. 
Iris went with them as well, leaving Avid and Trion behind, because the two of them couldn’t go to the black market even if they really got the entry. One entry could only accommodate five people and leaving Iris alone would be even riskier, since the alpha of the pack and a few people around him knew her face. 
Especially after her little trip with Redmond and Ethan without permission from Cane. The alpha didn’t raise his voice, nor did he say anything, but the look on his face was enough to tell him how angry he was at the gamma. 
Except for Redmond, this was the first time for the four of them to be in the auction market, thus, they listened to what he said and entered a luxury brothel. 
Everyone was wearing masks in this place to conceal their identity, probably only a few people who were very close and knew each other well could recognize one another, but Cane and the other three were new here. 
This place was so luxurious with high ceilings and crystal chandeliers hanging high above their heads. All the people were so lively here. The men would grin ear to ear and salivate over women with eyes filled with lust, while the women walked half naked around the area, as they allowed those men to touch their bodies. 
Iris was shocked to see one such vulgar scene when a man grabbed a woman and stripped her naked in the middle of the hall and started fucking her, while the others cheered at the sight. No one found that weird, disturbing or intrusive at all. It seemed to be an everyday activity in this place. 
Iris shuddered. These people let their animal instinct run wild! Somehow, she felt so ashamed when lewd moans filled the air along with licentious laughter. She lowered her head, until it was only her feet that she could see, while Cane walked on her right side with Redmond leading this small party, Ethan was on her left with Will following behind them. 
However, none of them seemed disturbed by this scene. They looked past that as if that was something normal. 
And when women came in their direction and started to flirt with them, Redmond sighed in regret, as he couldn’t afford them, because he was on a mission and couldn’t afford the delay, but one glance from Cane was enough to send those women away. 
He was wearing a black mask, it was only his black eyes and his lips that could be seen, but his whole body emitted a cold aura, which made those women reluctant to approach him and the people with him. 
The auction room was at the back of the brothel, where a woman in a long red dress that showed off her shoulders was waiting for them. She was wearing a mask that matched the color of her dress and smiled at Redmond, as she spoke in another language to him. 
Iris was surprised to know that they used that language here and even more to know that Redmond could speak that as well. 
It didn’t take long before the woman let them enter the arena and gave Redmond a number to bid, which he gave to Cane. 
They were sitting in the third tier, where they could see everything from above here. They were led into a closed cubicle with five seats, so that they couldn’t know the people next to them, since this event was highly confidential. 
"There are five items that will be auctioned today, the fourth one being the entry to the black market." Redmond informed them. 
Iris knew about it because she read his conversation with the woman earlier. Cane said nothing and the rest of them looked a little bit agitated, waiting for this auction to start. 
"Why have you always bought the rations from the black market?" Iris asked Redmond, who was standing next to her, while Cane and the others sat on the chairs. They came here to buy the entry, thus they didn’t care about the other items. 
Meanwhile, below them, the auction for the first item was already in progress. 
"You don’t know?" Redmond frowned. "From what I heard, you are the one who gave that guy this idea to go to the black market." He nodded in Cane’s direction, which made Iris hiss. 
Can’t he stop for a second trying to provoke him? He could die for his stupid actions if Cane finally decided to make a move on him. 
"I don’t know, I just knew about that because Mason always bragged about it." 
"It is because it’s tax free." 
The tax for the rations could be crazily high, therefore most of the packs would go to the black market to buy food grains in large quantities, while the commoners could only buy crops paying ridiculous amounts of tax, because most of the alphas would only feed the people of higher ranks, while the commoners would be left to fend for themselves. 
"If you think your father is cruel and despotic, he is an angel compared to the king." Redmond chortled bitterly. He had followed alpha Gerald long enough to say this. His comment came as a surprise for Iris. 
She didn’t think there would be someone more despicable than her father. She really needed to broaden her horizons. 
And this time, Redmond talked in a low voice, thus the other three couldn’t hear him among the clamor of the auction. 
"He is delusional to think that he can change how things work in this realm." Redmond clicked his tongue and scoffed. 
On the other hand, Iris glanced at Cane, who was sitting calmly on his seat, he looked unperturbed with his surroundings, seemingly deep in his own thoughts. 
She really wanted to know what he was thinking about at this moment and what things that he wanted to change. 
Right at that moment, Cane shifted his attention and their eyes met. 
Iris thought he would avert his gaze, but he didn’t.
###Chapter 117: TELL ME ABOUT THEIR CONVERSATION
Chapter 117: TELL ME ABOUT THEIR CONVERSATION
Iris stared into his bottomless eyes, trying to figure out what he was thinking about, but all she could tell was; he was like a calm river, not letting anyone know the constant turbulence underneath its surface. 
Cane was planning something, he wanted to bring change and he was already making a move about that, she was pretty sure about it, but because he started from the very bottom to arrange everything, his actions had not alarmed anyone yet. 
From the documents that she had translated, she could tell that much. Cane was trying to build connections in the Holy kingdom, but for what? 
Needless to say, aside from trading using the magic stone mines in this continent, the two continents were not really on good terms, as those people from across the sea saw them as beasts. Creatures that defied nature because they could take animal form and human form alike. 
Some of them even thought they were as low as animals. The last time Serafim visited this continent was fifteen years back. 
What was Cane planning with the people from the Holy Kingdom? 
Iris couldn’t find the answer, but in the end, it was her, who averted her gaze first. She lowered her head to observe the auction below, as she watched them reveal the opening price for a white tiger. It was three hundred gold coins. 
Three hundred gold coins?! 
Commoners with a family of four could use one gold coin to eat pleasantly for a month, but three hundred gold coins as an opening price for a white tiger? That was too much! 
"Is a white tiger that expensive?" 
"No, it’s not an ordinary white tiger." Redmond nodded toward the stage again and told her to pay close attention. 
Right at the same time, the auctioneer drew all of their attention to see what the white tiger could do. 
A second later the white tiger shifted into a little boy around the age of five. He looked terrified. The little boy had white hair and fair complexion, he had grey eyes as well. Was he blind? But, when he took in his surroundings with his fearful eyes, Iris knew that he was not. 
He was crying, hugging his small body. On the big stage, under the intense gazes of people around him, strangers that wanted their hands on him, it must be so terrifying. 
"How can that be?" Iris was stunned. She felt the lizard resting on her shoulder poke its tiny head through her curls. 
"That boy is the last diamond white tiger." 
"What is that?"
"His tears turn into diamonds." 
"Really?" Ethan and Will, who heard that explanation, went to the railing to see whether that was true or not. "I heard something like that, but I thought that was just a myth." Ethan was in disbelief as he watched how three diamonds dropped to the floor. They were so tiny, but still, diamonds. 
Even though diamonds were not as expensive as the magic stones, this commodity was widely consumed by people, since everyone could use it, unlike the magic stones, which were only useful to the magic users and healers that could find some use with them. 
"How come they are almost extinct?" Ethan asked. The four of them leaned toward the railing, while the price skyrocketed to two thousand gold coins in no time. 
"Are you stupid or what? Don’t you know about any news outside of the Howling Wolf pack?" Redmond shot the gamma a disdainful glare. 
"Oh, thanks to your great alpha, I know nothing except for the dungeon and his torturing room." Ethan’s voice was chilly, he looked at Redmond with killing intent, while Will, who was standing between them, raised both of his hands. 
"Woah... calm down you two..." Will couldn’t stop feeling his head ache, always trying to be the intermediary between the two of them. Why did he have to find himself in the middle of these two? He shot Redmond a warning glare, while he pressed his palm against Ethan’s chest, to prevent him from attacking the warrior first. 
Meanwhile, Iris had moved to the side, she was afraid she might get implicated if a fight broke loose. 
However, Redmond shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly, as if there was nothing important to mention here. "Of course, the diamond white tigers are extinct now. They need to make them cry to get the diamonds and most of the time, they get carried away and kill them, especially when they are stubborn enough not to drop a single tear." 
He answered him lightly, continuing the conversation from earlier, as if he had never provoked the gamma in the first place. 
How shameless this guy was... 
"As far as I know, he is the last diamond white tiger, because his mother died a year ago. His mother was under the possession of the Red Claw pack. Someone must have kidnapped him to be sold here." 
At this point, the price had reached ten thousand gold coins. It was an enormous amount of money, but knowing this boy could make more in the long run, it seemed to be a good investment for those twisted minded people. 
"Twenty thousand gold coins!" 
Someone shouted from the second tier, fourth cubicle to their left, this person stood near the railing, thus people could see him. 
But when Cane heard this voice, he walked toward the railing as well. His eyes narrowed at the bidder and the man beside him. 
"Hha! He must have heard about this tiger." Redmond folded his arms in front of his chest. He seemed to know that man too. 
"Do you know who he is?" Will asked. 
"He is the crown prince. He started to engage in the black market two years ago," Redmond scoffed. "That stupid brat." 
And aside from Redmond, it seemed Cane also recognized him, despite the mask that he was wearing. He then waved his hand to Iris to come over. 
"Can you read what they are talking about?" Cane asked her. He couldn’t hear from this distance, but Iris must be able to read their conversation, as long as she could see their lips.
###Chapter 118: THE CROWN PRINCE
Chapter 118: THE CROWN PRINCE
Cane knew it was the voice of the crown prince, because they had a dispute before when he tried to get handsy with Leane. He would never forget that disgusting voice. 
It was not a surprise to see him in this kind of place, since it suited his taste perfectly while the old man beside him was his advisor. Corry Maleen. He had been his advisor for as long as Cane could remember. 
"Can you read their conversation?" He asked again after Iris came to stand beside him. 
Iris looked at the cubicle that Cane pointed out, she squinted her eyes and looked at them carefully, thankfully, their faces were facing her, thus it was not difficult for her to read their lips. 
"...this is too much. You have to stop bidding. We will not have enough money to buy it." Iris repeated what the old man was speaking, as she watched him scold the man beside him. 
"That’s just a rumor! No one knows if the item is really on the black market!" Alan, the crown prince of the Ogregon kingdom, glared at his advisor. He had been wanting to get rid of this old thing, but his father wouldn’t agree. 
"We shouldn’t be here, we should go to the black market straightaway! The king will not be pleased to know this." Corry knew the crown prince’s temper, he wouldn’t be able to resist shiny things, especially at a chance to piling up his wealth with them. 
"You can go back to the capital by yourself, so shut the fuck up, or I will sell you too." 
That was a demeaning statement and very impudent of him, but Corry couldn’t voice his anger, because at the end of the day, he was the crown prince. And even though there was no way he would be able to sell him, this man could find a thousand ways to make his life miserable when he became the king one day if he got on his bad side. 
"What if you don’t have enough money to buy that item?" 
"I am the crown prince, I can pawn my golden stamp." 
"You can’t do that!" Corry was having a headache. 
"Why not? I have done it before." Alan was very careless and didn’t care much about the politics and what was important. For him, the king’s words were gold and everyone needed to follow regardless.
The crown prince was thirty this year, but his mindset stayed the same as when he was only a seventeen years old brat. It was still questionable why the king chose him as his successor. 
"You forgot what happened after you sold the golden stamp in the past?!" 
Alan smirked and brushed him off nonchalantly, as he raised his token again. "Fifty thousand gold!" 
And that was the final price for the diamond white tiger. He was sold to the crown prince at that exorbitant amount. 
"That’s what they said," Iris said, as she watched the two of them step back from the railing and couldn’t be seen again. 
"Hah! I know that he is so stupid," Redmond scoffed disdainfully. 
"What happened when he sold the golden stamp in the past?" Will asked. It must have happened during their slavery time, thus they didn’t hear any news on that. 
"That caused such a ruckus because a few important documents were forged," Redmond said simply, but the aftermath of that crown prince’s stupidity was dire. He was actually confined for half a year in his palace. "It happened five years ago and dealing with the aftermath had actually taken almost two years. The kingdom lost a few assets, especially some important documents and trade pacts. In the end, the person who forged the documents had never been found and the kingdom released a new stamp." 
"And the king didn’t learn from his mistake and gave it to him again?" Will was in disbelief. 
Redmond chortled. "I think the king is bewitched. Many people thought that way, since the crown prince’s mother is someone from the Andelus continent." 
"Magic user?" 
"Most people assumed that, but not many people have ever seen her. She shut herself in her own palace." That was all that Redmond knew about the imperial family. "Alpha, your mother is also from the imperial family, right?" He reminded him, but Ethan kicked his leg to shut him up. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t care much about their conversation regarding Alan and what blunders that he had committed. His main focus was on the thing that he wanted to get from the black market. 
It was hard to navigate things when he had never been in the black market himself. He didn’t know much about the regulations and how things worked there. 
Though he had asked Arthur to gather more information about it, but because he didn’t have an access to go there, there was not much that he could offer. 
On the stage, two men dragged the little boy away, because the next item would be auctioned. 
Iris stared at the little boy, her heart twisted painfully to see how he cried his eyes out, calling for his mother. From what Redmond said, his mother had died. And if all you needed was their tears, what kind of things would they resort to get the job done? 
Iris became very silent. She felt ill just by imagining that. 
"Here you go, the item that you want." Redmond propped his chin on his fist, as he stared at the stage lazily. 
"This is a magical tattoo that can bring you to the world that you have never seen..." the auctioneer exaggerated his words. 
"Nah, this guy is so dramatic," Redmond mumbled under his breath. 
"We will open the price at thirty gold!" 
Soon, the number started getting higher and higher, but Cane didn’t start bidding at all. He didn’t join the clamor. 
"Are you bidding or not?" Redmond was perplexed to see the alpha not making a move. 
However, one look from Cane was enough to shut him up immediately. He could feel the killing intent from him.
###Chapter 119: HE USED HER LIKE THAT?
Chapter 119: HE USED HER LIKE THAT?
Every now and then, Cane had to put Redmond in his place, or else, he would always try to test his patience and tempt his fury. 
Seeing the anger in the alpha’s eyes, no matter how much Redmond wanted to provoke him, he needed to stop. 
In the end, Redmond looked down at the stage again and this time there were only three people that were still bidding, while the price had reached a thousand gold. 
"Damn... we didn’t even get to the black market and we were already robbed of a thousand gold?" Ethan clicked his tongue. "Are you sure this is the best solution ever? What is the difference between this and that swindler merchant?" 
"There are a variety of things in the black market, so of course, you will be able to buy not only crops, but also other things as well, more so, you can visit the black market often with the entry," Redmond replied to his question. "This is an investment for a lifetime." 
"We don’t need other things, right? We just want to buy what we need." Ethan countered, which made Redmond glare at him and Will could only sigh at the two of them. They started it again. 
"Twelve thousand!" The auctioneer shouted the final price that the bidder gave. "Anyone?!" 
"Fifteen thousand!" 
Finally, Cane raised his number and started to bid as well. 
On the side, Iris watched him and understood why he didn’t bid earlier, it was as simple as; because he didn’t want the hassle. If they were determined to buy it, since that was their only intention to come here, they just needed to be the highest bidder. 
Iris could see that Cane didn’t want to waste his breath shouting gold after gold. She had noticed that he was of taciturn type, he didn’t even want to bother with Redmond’s remarks if it was not necessary. 
"Twenty thousand!" The auctioneer hollered. His eyes locked on the bidder number seven on his right side on the second tier, waiting for him to bid higher. 
Meanwhile, Cane waved his hand to make Iris come closer to him, which she did like before. "What are they saying?" 
Cane nodded at the other bidder. Thankfully, from where they were standing, they could easily see people, who were standing behind the railings. 
There was an old man with white hair, who was arguing with a young lady beside him. Iris moved closer to Cane’s side because she couldn’t get a good angle, only for them to be pressed together. 
Cane could feel her warm body against his and saw her serious expression. Her auburn hair stuck to her neck and when he looked down, he could see his mark peeking from the collar of her dress. Her sweet scent assaulted him. He couldn’t help but accept that the mate bond was starting to grow between them. 
"The woman said that they can’t afford a higher price than this, but the man said they could sell their water magic stones. They have two of them." Iris started to read their conversation, which was mostly only about them bickering about how to afford the entry for the black market, while the man wanted to give it up all, the woman just wanted to drop it altogether. "The man reminded the woman that there is a special item in the black market this time and they need to get it." 
On the other hand, Redmond was dumbstruck that Cane used his luna for a second time like this. "I can’t believe he uses my luna like this... It never crossed my mind that she can be used like this." He shook his head, while clicking his tongue in disbelief. 
"You have a bad choice of words." Will furrowed his brows, because the way he said ’use’ in the same breath he mentioned Iris sounded so vulgar and wild. 
However, as usual, Cane didn’t care about what he was saying, his focus was on Iris. From what she was saying, those two people had two water magic stones. 
"Twenty thousand gold once! Twenty thousand gold twice! Twenty thousand gold thrice! Sold!" 
"Twenty thousand... what a waste..." Ethan grumbled. Twenty thousand gold was the same amount that they had to spend when they refurbished the Howling Wolf pack house and a few houses. He couldn’t see how this entry could be worth it. 
Not to mention they had not yet bought the rations. 
"Will, find out who those two people are and tell them I want to buy their two water magic stones." Cane ordered Will to go.
Iris just remembered that Cane needed a water magic stone, but she didn’t have any chance to return to the mines before they left for the Moon Dew pack. 
After that, there was another item that was being auctioned, but they didn’t stay to see what it was, because they had obtained their main reason to come here. 
"When can we get the item?" Cane asked Redmond, as the four of them walked out of their cubicle. 
"You can get it right now." Redmond looked at Cane and then added. "But, I need to tell you that this magical tattoo will be painful." 
"Do you really think my alpha is afraid of pain?" Ethan asked disdainfully. They had gone through more than just pain. This man seemingly didn’t know when to stop. 
"Bring me there," Cane said curtly, cutting off their bickering as they glared at each other, while Iris walked beside the alpha. She turned her head to look at the two of them, just in case they started to bite each other’s heads off. 
However, she was pulled all of a sudden to the side, until her face bumped into Cane’s chest and she hastily straightened herself. 
"Watch ahead when you walk," Cane said, as he let her go, but his eyes were on the man that almost bumped into Iris. It was Alan and Corry. 
After the two of them disappeared at the corner, Cane resumed walking away toward the back stage, where he would get the magical tattoo.
###Chapter 120: TRIGGERED
Chapter 120: TRIGGERED
Redmond took them to the back of the stage, where he told the very same woman that he met at the entrance that they won the entry to the black market and showed her their number. 
They used the same language, it was the language of the Holy Kingdom. Iris and Cane were perplexed, why would they use this language instead? 
Meanwhile, Ethan didn’t understand at all. He was not privileged enough to receive such high education. 
"Over here," Redmond said, as he followed the woman in red dress into a tunnel, where every few steps they would find a brazier, thus it was a little bit hot here and even though it was a tunnel, it was so bright, as the shadows of the fire danced on the walls. 
The woman and Redmond walked side by side, behind them was Iris and Cane, while Ethan walked at the rear, he looked around this place, frowning unhappily, this place made him depressed, he didn’t like it at all. 
Even though it was so bright here, he could feel the somber mood. 
The five of them walked for a good five minutes before the woman led them to a black door at the end of the tunnel. She produced a set of keys in her hand and chose one from them to open the door. 
It was a small room without any window. There was only a bed at one side, but nothing else. The three stoned walls around this room were the color of black. It was weird to see these black colored stones. Was that charcoal? 
Iris touched it when they entered the room, but she immediately withdrew her hand because she felt like the stone electrocuted her. This small gesture didn’t go unnoticed by Cane, yet he said nothing. 
"I will return twenty minutes from now," the woman said to Redmond in Andel language and left them there. She actually locked the door from outside. 
"Hey! Did she just lock us in here?!" Ethan was alarmed and tried to twist the doorknob, but it was indeed locked. 
"Oh, shut up. What? Are you afraid of being locked? She will return in twenty minutes." Redmond rolled his eyes to see how Ethan overreacted. 
For Redmond, this situation was nothing, but for Ethan, it was very disturbing. It triggered something inside him. He became restless, as he couldn’t stop pacing around and tapping his foot against the floor. 
Right. He was having a flashback of his life when he was in the dungeon, being locked in this place brought back so many memories and miseries to him. 
He looked at the door again and again, as if waiting for someone to come and drag him out to be tortured, to be humiliated. His heart beat so fast as his breathing turned labored. 
Cane saw this and understood what Ethan was feeling, he didn’t know that this place would be like this and Ethan would have such a strong reaction, if he had known, he would have sent him instead of Will earlier. 
"Ethan," Cane called him, to which he lifted his head and looked at the alpha, but his eyes were clouded. "Nothing will happen. It’s okay." 
Ethan gritted his teeth, he was trying to gather his senses and fight this feeling, but it was not easy. 
On the other hand, Redmond read the situation and it seemed he understood right away as he stopped taunting the gamma finally. 
"Okay," Ethan said through his gritted teeth, he lowered his head and looked at his feet, but he couldn’t stop shaking. He would endure it for the alpha’s sake. 
Knowing that Ethan could burst out at any moment, Cane immediately approached the bald man, who was sitting on the edge of his shabby bed. His eyes were covered by a piece of cloth that was tied behind his head. Was he blind? 
"I am here to get the entry," Cane said, he didn’t waste his time. 
The man beckoned him to come closer and stretched out his hand. He looked no older than forty, but his figure looked so pitiful. 
He was so skinny like a dried tree and his skin was so coarse. 
Cane put his hand on his as he pulled him closer and lifted his sleeve, he caressed his arm from his wrist to his elbow a few times until a bright yellow light appeared from his palm. 
On the other hand, Iris was staring at Cane and Ethan back and forth, she could feel how restless the gamma was and how he was about to erupt because of the overwhelming feelings that he felt right now. 
Iris didn’t like seeing him like this, she could almost feel the pain that radiated through his body. And without a second thought, she grabbed his hand and squeezed it lightly, but it was only enough to get his attention, as he tilted his head and looked at her. 
"Do you want to hold it?" Iris showed her lizard to him, which perched on her forefinger, blinking its tiny eyes. Its body was still reddish, almost transparent with white veins running underneath the flimsy skin. 
Ethan furrowed his brows. "No." He didn’t know why Iris wanted him to hold that little creature. 
"Oh." Iris was at a loss. "This little lizard makes me feel comfortable, maybe it can give you comfort too," she tried to explain. 
Ethan looked at her as if saying; you are weird... but he didn’t voice it. 
On the other hand, the bald man stopped what he was doing and tilted his head toward Iris’ voice. 
Out of the blue, he talked in Andel language. "Are you a magic user, girl?" 
Iris, who didn’t know that he was talking to her, didn’t pay attention, but it was Redmond, who answered it for her. 
"No, she is not a magic user. She is a runt," he replied bluntly, as usual, he didn’t choose his words wisely. 
"No way..." the bald man muttered to himself and then talked something under his breath, as if he was having a conversation with himself, but then he resumed what he was doing to Cane.
###Chapter 121: LAY DOWN ON THE BED
Chapter 121: LAY DOWN ON THE BED
Cane felt as if his skin was being burned, and when the bald man touched the upper part of his arm, he almost thought his hand had turned into hot iron instead. 
However, he only knitted his brows and said nothing, he didn’t even let out a grunt whatsoever, which amazed Redmond. After all, when Mason got his tattoo, he cried and wailed like a three year old boy, unable to bear the pain. 
Later on, he said he had never been in so much pain like that, and only now did Redmond realize that the endurance of both of them was not even comparable. 
While Mason was only a spoiled brat, Cane had gone through something that Mason wouldn’t even dare to dream of. 
On the other hand, Iris was talking to Ethan, showing her little lizard, which distracted him enough from focusing on the fact that they were inside this tiny room, locked. 
Ethan didn’t look like he was fine, but at the very least, he was not on edge like earlier. He was trying to focus on what Iris was saying, but the problem was; all she spoke was about her little lizard, which didn’t really interest him. 
"Why don’t you hold the lizard, maybe it likes you," Redmond spoke and once he opened his mouth, Iris glared at him, she missed what he had said, but she knew it wouldn’t be anything good. "Both of you look cute together." 
"Do you want to die?" Ethan shot the most terrifying glare at him. 
"Honestly, every time I talk to you, it feels like I am setting myself up to be stabbed," Redmond snickered. 
"Then maybe we should talk more often, so you can get used to it." Ethan’s body emitted a cold aura when he growled at the warrior, who looked like he didn’t take this matter seriously. 
Redmond clicked his tongue, his eyes glinted with humor. "No, I am not that much of a masochist." 
Thankfully, the bickering didn’t last long, because a few seconds later, the man said that he was done with what he was doing. 
Cane looked a little bit pale, but aside from that, there was nothing else to be worried about. 
"Are you sure the girl is not a magic user?" The bald man asked again, tilting his head in the direction from where he heard Redmond’s voice earlier. 
"A hundred percent. She is a runt." 
After that, the bald man mumbled again and lay back on the bed, talking to himself in an incoherent voice and not long after that, the woman in red dress came to open the door. And Ethan rushed out of the room almost immediately. 
He didn’t want to spend another second inside and wanted to leave the tunnel quickly. He felt the air in this place was suffocating and he felt he would die if he had to stay here any longer than this. 
He didn’t even care to take a look at the magical tattoo on Cane’s upper arm. 
Iris hid her lizard as soon as the woman opened the door. Cane had told her repeatedly that no one could know about the lizard, so she needed to be careful. 
"Why do the woman and the man inside that room talk in Andel language?" Cane asked Redmond once they walked out of the brothel. They were going back to their inn. 
"Because they are from that continent and can’t talk in our language," he replied in a matter of fact tone. 
"Why did they hire people from that continent?" Cane didn’t really need to know about this trivial matter, but he found this questionable. 
"Maybe because the owner is someone from there." He shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. "There is a rumor about that, but no one knows the truth for sure about the owner of that black market and the auction." 
Cane decided to send Arthur to investigate this further. 
======================== 
"They agreed to meet with you tomorrow morning, there is something that they wanted from the black market, but since they couldn’t get the entry, they want you to buy it for them in exchange for one of the water magic stones," Will reported it to Cane. 
"One?" Cane scoffed coldly. They had two and they would only give one? Meanwhile, hours ago, they were ready to give up both the stones and pay extra money for the entry. "What do they want from the black market?" 
"About that, they want to discuss it with you tomorrow morning in their inn." That was all that Will could get. "Oh, and I happened to know that the Crown Prince and Sir Corry will be staying in an inn two streets away from here." 
Cane nodded. "You can go." He had to wait until midnight when Arthur would come to give him the report, but he felt his head growing heavier by the second. 
His head had been aching for a while now, aside from not being able to sleep and suffering from acute insomnia, even if he fell asleep, it was only nightmares that were waiting for him. 
But, after getting the tattoo, the headache became more and more unbearable, as if getting it increased the pain. It tested his patience, it was almost like the feeling when he had to endure a new moon. 
"Will." 
"Yes, Alpha?" Will was about to walk out of the bedroom when he was called. 
"Tell Iris to come here." 
Will was puzzled, but he didn’t dwell on it and immediately went to the room next door, where Iris stayed. 
It didn’t take long before someone knocked on the door and Iris entered the room. Her sweet scent was enough to alleviate a bit of his headache. 
She had let her long, curly, hair loose, which left her tiny figure cloaked in auburn color. Her blue eyes stared at him, fear and anxiousness evident in them. 
"Yes, Alpha?" She said gingerly. The memory of the last time must still be fresh in her memory. Nothing good came out of her being alone with him. 
"Lay down on the bed," Cane said. 
Her fear intensified when she heard that. "P- pardon me?"
###Chapter 122: A PEACEFUL NIGHT
Chapter 122: A PEACEFUL NIGHT
"P- pardon me?" Iris blanched when she heard the command. Her fists tightened under her long sleeves. 
She wanted to say that there were literally brothels around them, he could pick anyone to his desire and fulfill his needs to his heart’s content, with someone that could give him pleasure, instead of her, who knew nothing about it. 
But then, the thought of him sleeping with someone else didn’t sit well with her. 
"Lay down on the bed," Cane repeated what he said earlier. He kneaded his forehead, seemingly trying to alleviate some pain, which made her a little bit worried. 
Was this the feeling of seeing your man in pain? 
If she could be worried about him, even over a little bit of discomfort that he felt, despite what he had done to her and hurt her, Iris couldn’t imagine what kind of agony that Cane would feel whenever he remembered his late mate. 
How he felt when he saw with his own eyes, his other half being killed brutally, along with their firstborn. 
He didn’t even show much emotion when she showed him the place where she buried the remains of his firstborn and his twin siblings. 
"What are you staring at?" His voice was cold, but then he had never really warmed up to her, even after knowing what she had done. 
In the end, since Iris knew she didn’t have any other choice, she went to the bed and was about to take off her clothes, but then Cane stopped her. 
"Just lay down." 
Iris blinked her eyes, yet she remembered that he didn’t need her to do that, thus she laid on the bed, waiting to see what he was going to do with her and braced herself for the inevitable. 
However, even after a few minutes of waiting, Cane didn’t do anything, he didn’t make any move on her. 
What was he waiting for? 
Iris was nervous, but then she became curious because Cane didn’t do anything, nor did he approach her. She tilted her head to look at him and what she saw stunned her. 
Cane was actually sleeping, his eyes were tightly shut while his head lolled to the side, as he was still sitting in the same position. Was he really sleeping now? 
What was the point of calling her here when he wanted to sleep? 
Iris pursed her lips. It was not that she wanted something to happen between them. The tips of her ears turned red for having such thoughts. She was having a hard time guessing what was on his mind. 
But then, knowing he wouldn’t do anything, Iris turned her body and lay on her side, so she could look at him clearly. 
He looked less scary when he was sleeping, though she couldn’t say that he looked peaceful, because there was a tight knit between his brows, as if even in his sleep he couldn’t rest. 
There was this long scar on the left side of his face. It traversed from his right cheek to his left cheek over the bridge of his nose. 
But, it was not the thing that made him look scary. Iris didn’t think he was scary with that scar. A lot of people had scars, even though not all of them were visible like the one he had. 
As for her, there was nothing about scars that could scare her, after all a scar was only a reminder of how strong he had been and how he had survived, despite every cruel thing that was thrown in his way. 
However, it was his cold and unfeeling nature that rendered Iris unable to stand the sight of him. She hated it when he was not able to control himself and let his past dictate his actions. His mind would be clouded by his pain at times like that. 
"I hope you will not be in pain anymore..." Iris muttered under her breath, as she closed her eyes. She felt tired and a little bit sluggish now her worries had been proven unfounded and she knew that he wouldn’t hurt her. 
In the end, she fell asleep as fast as Cane did when she was there. 
This small room was engulfed with tranquility, as both of them enjoyed each other’s company, but around midnight, there was a soft knock on the door, which immediately woke Cane up. He looked very sober for someone who just slept so well after a long time. 
Cane stood up and glanced at the bed, where Iris was sleeping soundly, her lips were slightly ajar and her auburn hair scattered on the pillow and the sheets beneath her. 
He couldn’t understand why he wouldn’t have nightmares whenever she was nearby, but then he would think of this as a perk of the mate bond between them. 
Cane walked toward the door and opened it, but he didn’t let the person see inside the room, as he came out right away. 
"Let’s talk somewhere else," he said to Arthur, who looked travel-worn. Thick dust coated his cloak, but he followed the alpha to the bar, where it was still lively and ordered two drinks for both of them. "What did you find?" 
"The king sent the crown prince to this pack and he and his advisor are in an Inn two streets from here," Arthur started. 
Cane knew about that, but he didn’t mention it. "What else?" 
"I think you must have seen him at the auction, because he came to buy something from the black market, but he went to the auction instead." 
"I have seen him. What is the item that he wants to buy from the black market?" 
"From what Clad and I gathered, it’s a herb. A medicinal herb." 
Cane narrowed his eyes, but he didn’t interrupt and let him continue to explain. 
"I am not sure what Medicinal herb that the king wants, but he is willing to pay an exorbitant price for that. He even gave the crown prince the golden stamp." Arthur then explained briefly the golden stamp incident from five years ago, and it was not so different from what Redmond had told him. "That’s why it is so significant for the king to give the item to him again."
###Chapter 123: HE HAD THE URGE TO TOUCH IT
Chapter 123: HE HAD THE URGE TO TOUCH IT
"Wake up! Alpha!" Will was knocking on the door for a while now, but Cane did not even make any movement from the inside, which made him anxious, because he knew the alpha was a light sleeper, there was no way he was sleeping through this commotion that he created. "Alpha! If you don’t answer, I will tear down the door!" 
It was not every day sight to find Will so worked up like this, but judging from the current situation, he was assuming the worst. 
However, thankfully, before Will could burst the door with his shoulder, it was opened from inside and he went through, almost bumping into one of the pillars of the bed. He blinked his eyes and looked at Cane, who was standing at the door frame. His expression was indiscernible. 
"Alpha, I have been knocking at the door for a while now, but you didn’t answer, so I thought something has happened to you." 
"I was sleeping," Cane said simply.
Will didn’t believe that, since when did he sleep until he was ignorant of his own surroundings, but then from the corner of his eyes, he saw red color. Iris was still sleeping and only then did he get it. He forgot that last night the alpha had told him to call Iris over. 
Even so, it still didn’t make any sense why he could have overslept. "You have an appointment to buy the water magic stone," he reminded him. 
"Yes, I remember," Cane said languidly, as he waved his hand, gesturing for Will to go out. 
After that, Will didn’t say anything anymore, even though he felt it was weird for him to oversleep. His acute insomnia was not a secret. He could stay up for three days and three nights straight and even if he tried to sleep after that, it wouldn’t last more than a few hours. 
Amee and Grace were so worried about this and tried to concoct him some sleeping pills, unfortunately nothing worked, but he overslept this morning? It was inconceivable. 
However, the same thought plagued Cane’s mind right now. He stared at Iris, who was still sleeping, curling her body, while the little lizard nestled on her pillow. 
Her scent lingered in this room and this eased his headache a lot. He almost didn’t feel it anymore now. 
Cane spent a good few seconds staring at her and then walked closer, as he shook her shoulder, but she swatted his hand away and curled her body even more, until her knees touched her forehead. 
"Wake up," Cane said, as he shook her shoulder again. 
Iris mumbled something and swatted his hand away again and this time, she pulled the blanket over her head to cover her face. "Too... bright." 
Cane knitted his brows, he looked at the curtains and walked across the room to draw them apart, so there would be more light illuminating the room before he approached Iris and mercilessly pulled away the blanket that she was using to shield her eyes from the light. 
"Ugh!" Iris grumbled pitifully when the light almost blinded her eyes. "No, Hanna, I want to sleep..." She stretched her hand for the blanket, but couldn’t find it, thus she used the pillow to cover her face, which made the lizard fall off the bed. 
But, Cane took away the pillow as well, forcing Iris to open her eyes. 
"Hanna!" Iris was being grumpy, she felt her whole body was in pain and she needed more sleep. Her butt was still in pain as well, but then she sobered up at the sight of Cane. 
She looked around, as if looking for Hanna, but then she remembered that Hanna wasn’t here. She was traveling with Cane and the others. 
"A- Alpha..." Iris stuttered, as if feeling her distress, the lizard jumped onto her shoulder. Iris rubbed her face and tried to neaten her hair. She knew exactly how she looked in the mornings with her curls making her head look as big as a troll. She would look like a lion with mane. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t make any comment on her looks, but he spoke languidly. "Come down in fifteen minutes." His eyes flickered to her auburn hair. The sunlight shone brightly, making her look like she was on fire. He had this sudden urge to run his fingers through her curls, but he walked out of the room instead. 
Fifteen minutes?! 
Iris immediately got off the bed and rushed to the room next to this, as she washed her face and tried to untangle her hair. She couldn’t brush her hair, thus she could only braid it and be done with it as soon as possible. 
Once she was done, she put her lizard into a small pouch. Ethan bought it for her last night, so this little thing wouldn’t catch anyone’s attention. Along with the small pouch, he also gave her the book that she asked Redmond to buy for her, since he didn’t have money for that. 
The gamma was so nice and she liked him. 
Iris walked down the stairs and looked around the restaurant on the first floor for Cane. It was not difficult to find him, he was sitting with Will and Ethan, while Redmond was nowhere to be seen. 
Despite being surrounded by other people and how he dressed casually, he still gave off a domineering aura and aloofness. 
Iris walked closer to them and sat next to Ethan, who greeted her with a bright smile, as if what happened yesterday in that small room had never happened. 
"We will leave once you finish eating," Cane said, as he pushed two sandwiches in front of her. It was still too early to go to the black market. 
Iris took a sandwich and munched on it quietly, after she was done, Cane stood up, ready to leave, but Ethan and Will stayed behind. 
More so, Redmond had not yet come down. 
"Are you not coming? Redmond is still not here," Iris said, puzzled. 
"No, you will go with Cane, alone," Ethan replied to her question.
###Chapter 124: THE PETTY ALPHA
Chapter 124: THE PETTY ALPHA
Iris thought they would leave for the black market much later according to the original plan, precisely at night after the sun went down. But now, she was going alone with Cane? 
She looked at the man beside her. He said nothing since they left their inn, or on their way to the meeting point. It was a tea stall not too far and would take around ten minutes on foot. 
Iris said nothing either since Cane was very quiet. She didn’t try to start a conversation, nor did she try to ask about anything, since more or less, she knew his intention to meet with the two people. 
When they arrived, the couple was already there. From the information that Will gathered, they were merchants from the Holy Kingdom. 
Iris felt there were so many people from that continent in this pack. Sometimes, she would even catch some people talking in Andel language. 
However, she didn’t voice this fact, as she followed Cane to sit in front of the couple. Neither of them looked more than forty years old. 
Now, without a mask, Iris could see them clearly. Most of the people from the Holy Kingdom had small figures, even the average height for their men was only around one hundred eighty centimeters to one hundred eighty five centimeters, while shifters could grow two meters tall in general, almost twice the size of their bodies, especially when you were an alpha. 
Therefore, with Cane sitting in front of them with his imposing figure, they literally looked like dwarfs. 
However, these two were merchants and were used to facing various kinds of creatures, thus they got their bearings right away and assumed a formal attitude to talk to Cane, as if they were there to do business. 
"What do you want from the black market?" Cane asked after a nice greeting, there was no need to exchange pleasantries, since they were there for trading. 
"We want the Asturi stem." The woman named Cecilia spoke clearly. "You can find it if you find the head of the Rosantine guild." 
The Rosantine guild was the largest guild from the Karam continent whose people were well known for their little barbaric nature. They would trade anything, even if it was an infant, from the most crucial information to trivial matters, as long as it brought benefits to them. Cane knew this much about that guild. 
"I will give you one water magic stone if you can bring us the Asturi Stem." The woman did all the talking, while the man stayed quiet during the entire conversation. 
"Two." 
"No, one." 
Cane tapped Iris’ shoulder, as he stood up. "Let’s go." They were willing to lose the two stones in the auction last night only for an entry, but right now, they were actually trying to make a fool of Cane, while expecting him to give them too many benefits. 
On the other hand, Iris was surprised that Cane didn’t haggle at all and asked her to leave immediately. She didn’t have any other choice and stood up, following Cane out of there. 
Seeing that, the woman was surprised, because she didn’t think he would leave like that. There was no effort whatsoever. 
"Wait! Gentleman!" Cecilia immediately stood up as well and rushed toward Cane and Iris, as she blocked their way. 
Meanwhile, her husband, Fergan, tried to talk to Cane. He didn’t know his name, since he didn’t introduce himself earlier. 
"Come on, we can talk about the price, you don’t need to leave so hastily." He chuckled awkwardly, as if to smoothen the situation, while his wife stood there to prevent them from leaving this place. "You have not even touched your drinks yet." 
"One water magic stone is more than twenty thousand gold," Cecillia said, as if Cane didn’t know the value of one such stone. Neither of them had the slightest idea that they were talking to one of the two alphas who owned a magic stone mine in this realm. 
"We will add five thousand gold to that magic stone, how about that?" 
Iris glanced at Cane, but his expression didn’t change at all. It seemed what they offered was not good enough.
"Two water magic stones and you will pay however much price quoted to get the item." 
Iris was surprised by his proposal, but then she remembered, the man was ready to let go of two magic stones, just for the entry, thus for them to pay the same price to get what they wanted, wouldn’t be too much, right? More so, they wouldn’t need to go through the hassle of finding the leader of the guild. 
"No, that’s too much!" Cecillia cried, she looked around and immediately lowered her voice. "I will give you one water magic stone and ten thousand gold, but we will pay half of the price for the item." 
Cane narrowed his eyes. They wanted to rob him and make him work for them for nothing. "There is nothing to be discussed." 
This time, he grabbed Iris’ hand in an attempt to walk away once again, but Fergan joined his wife to stop both of them, effectively blocking their way. 
Seeing this, Cane could see how important the Asturi stem was for them, but he was not clear about its functions. 
"Fine! Fine! Let’s talk," Cecilia said begrudgingly, as she waved her hand toward their table, gesturing for Cane and Iris to return, but he didn’t budge, while Iris stared at his big hand that grabbed her wrist. "I agree!" Cecilia blurted out. "Let’s discuss this." 
Only then did Cane relent and return to sit on the table again and was willing to discuss terms. He let go of her hand and focused on the discussion, while the couple didn’t seem to be happy with the price that they had to pay. 
"I want to see the two water magic stones first." That was the first thing that Cane demanded. 
Cecillia swiftly fished out something from her pocket, it was a small wooden box, and pushed it toward him across the table, but instead of checking it himself, Cane pushed it to Iris. 
"Check the stones," he said.
###Chapter 125: FORGIVE ME
Chapter 125: FORGIVE ME
Iris looked at the small wooden box in front of her, she could feel there were water magic stones inside without even opening it, but because Cane told her to check it, she took the box and opened it to find two water magic stones that shone brightly. 
She took one of them out and looked at the stone closely. 
"That’s a legit thing. If you are familiar with magic stones, you must know." Cecillia looked relaxed, she wasn’t worried at all. 
On the other hand, Cane and Iris said nothing. He could tell that they were original, since he had spent a lot of time mining those stones. 
But, there was another thing that they needed to check and Iris knew that as well. 
It took a while for Iris to look into the stone and then return both of them to the wooden box before she nodded. "Yes, they are authentic," she said. 
Fergan took the box away and secured it. 
"So? Will we meet again here?" Cecillia asked, she looked at Cane, but then dropped her gaze, because his dark eyes were too scary for her. "We will be here until next week." 
"Just wait for the news from me," Cane said and then he didn’t waste anymore time and stood up. 
Seeing that, Iris also did the same, she looked at the two of them before she followed Cane out of there, she walked a step behind him back to their inn. 
And just like before, none of them talked. 
But, when they arrived at the inn and Iris was about to return to her room, Cane called her over to his bedroom. 
"What about those two magic stones?" Cane asked her immediately, as he closed the door behind him. He had asked for their lunch to be delivered to their room, because a few hours from now, they would leave for the black market. 
Iris knew he would ask about this. It was only him who she told about the origin of the little lizard. "No. Those two water magic stones are nothing like the fire magic stone." 
What she meant with nothing was; those stones didn’t have the core element like the fire magic stone did, before it hatched into a lizard. 
"Did that only work with fire magic stones?" Cane seemed to have posed the question to himself and then, he raised his head. "Tell me again how it hatched." 
Iris then recalled the event with all the details that she had already told him. There was nothing that she missed and now she had told the same thing twice, only now it was way more structural. 
"Are you sure it was a fire magic stone, and not something else?" Iris asked him. 
This was the first time for Iris to witness such a thing, but then she was not familiar with the magic stones until recently. She thought she was gifted to feel the magic stones, probably this was a gift to offset the fact that she was a runt, yet the lizard was a different thing entirely. 
On the other hand, even though Cane didn’t have the ability Iris had, he had learned a few things about the magic stones and had been seeing them since he was a child, because of the shared mines between the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack. 
"No, that’s a real thing." He could tell that for sure. 
Right at that time, someone knocked on the door behind Cane. It was the workers of the inn who brought their lunch. 
The delicious smell of the delicacies wafted in the air and this tempted the little lizard to come out of the pouch.
Iris took the little thing out of the pouch once all the servants had put down their lunch on the table and left the room. 
She took a piece of meat and gave it to it, which it munched on happily. 
Cane frowned, he thought that little thing was sure eating too much for its tiny body. It seemed there was more for him to look into and find out how the fire magic stone that they gave could be so different from the others. 
After finishing lunch with Cane in silence, she went back to her bedroom and slept for a while, before she woke up and changed her clothes. Half an hour from now, they would leave for the black market. 
Iris braided her hair, while the little lizard slept in her lap. Now that she had to do this by herself without Hanna’s help, she could do it faster. 
Only after she was done did she walk out of the room to meet with the others in the restaurant on the first floor. 
However, the moment she opened the door, she saw someone was waiting for her and it was one of the two warriors that Ethan had brought along with them. 
He looked at Iris sheepishly and this made her a little bit confused. Why was he here? 
"Did the alpha call for me?" Iris asked him, but he shook his head and scratched his neck. He looked like he was about to talk, but didn’t know how. "What is it? Is there something important?" 
He then looked around, as if to make sure there was no one there. The corridor was empty, it was only the two of them here. 
After making sure no one was there, he suddenly dropped to his knees with his head lowered, which startled Iris. 
What is this? Iris blinked her eyes, because she couldn’t understand this gesture. "What are you doing?" She took two steps back, puzzled by this action. 
"Luna, please forgive me," he said in a low and regretful voice. 
"What?" Iris blinked her eyes. She didn’t understand what she should forgive him for. If she was not mistaken, his name was Avid, but she didn’t remember that he had offended her before. "For what? Why should I forgive you?" 
Avid raised his head and looked at her earnestly. "Have you forgotten about what I did to you?"
###Chapter 126: THE MYSTERY OF THE MAGIC STONE
Chapter 126: THE MYSTERY OF THE MAGIC STONE
In front of Iris, the warrior named Avid was kneeling with his head hanging low, as he spoke. "Have you forgotten about what I did to you?" 
Iris didn’t remember anything related to him at all. "I am sorry, but I don’t remember. Have we met before this?" 
There were a lot of things that had happened recently and she couldn’t recall that they had met before this. 
Avid raised his head and looked at her closely. "I was the warrior in the tent under your care, when we were still in the Blue Moon pack and the monsters breached the fortress." 
It took Iris a while to recall a memory from that time, but then her eyes lit up, as a certain memory came to her mind. 
"Ah! It was you!" It was not that she forgot about him completely, but the events after that overshadowed everything else. She remembered Grilla telling her about what happened to his family, what her father had done to him and his siblings. 
"I want to apologize for what I said." He lowered his head in shame. "I wanted to talk to you earlier, but only now did I get a chance." 
Now Iris remembered what happened and what he said to her at that time, but she didn’t take it to heart, or else, she wouldn’t have forgotten about that. There were more people who had talked harsher than him and hadn’t apologized yet. 
"Why are you apologizing?" Iris also dropped to her knees, because she didn’t like it when someone knelt before her. "I didn’t take it to heart. You don’t need to think about that." 
But, Avid shook his head. "I need to apologize and also thank you for what you have done for the Howling Wolf pack. You don’t know how much we treasure your help." 
If people said it was just food and medicine that she gave to them, they would agree, it was indeed only food and medicine, but people, who had never been in their position at that time wouldn’t understand how much that simple thing gave them hope and comfort. 
There were days when they thought they wanted to give up because the pain of living was too hard for them to bear and how desperate they were. 
Therefore, a small act of kindness meant so much to them. The food she sent had helped them to go through their days and the medicine that was delivered had helped countless people. 
Yes, a lot of people had died in her father’s hands, but a lot of people had strived and were saved because of her. Now, Avid could understand why Hanna always insisted that she was nothing like her father. She was indeed different from her father. 
Avid was shocked to learn what happened to Iris that day and also what Hanna had said. He was there, though he couldn’t see, because he was still lying on the bed, he could still hear Hanna’s clear and stern voice from outside. 
"I am sorry for my offense." 
"Thank you for apologizing to me, but please stand up, I don’t think it is appropriate for you to do this to me." Iris looked at him. She remembered him now along with the words that he said to her, yet she didn’t feel the slightest of anger toward him. "I too would have reacted like you if I were in your position." 
Avid looked remorseful. He kept his head down. This was the reason why he pestered the gamma to take him on this journey, because he needed a chance to apologize to her properly. 
He stood up and spoke in a low voice. "The food you sent then saved my mate. Thank you." He met his mate when they were still in the slavery and he remembered how he felt like his heart was being ripped apart when he watched his mate starve to death inside the cell opposite his. 
It was a terrifying thing and a gruesome feeling to watch your other half die slowly, going through a painful death, as she grew weaker and weaker. 
"Thank you." 
Iris nodded, she said nothing, because she felt her throat constrict. She was overwhelmed by emotions at this moment, because she felt all her effort was paid off. 
If she had to do it again, she would, without a second thought, despite all the beatings that she got from Mason afterward. 
In the end, both of them went to the first floor, where all the people had been waiting for them. The sky had turned reddish when the sun finally set in the west. 
From this inn, they would need to travel around half a day by horse to reach the black market. 
It was not far, but secluded, commoners wouldn’t know about this place, even the members of the Moon Dew pack didn’t really know the existence of this pack at all. 
"Come on," Redmond said, as he stretched out his hand to help Iris to get onto his horse. "I think I need to teach you how to ride a horse later," he mumbled to himself. 
And after everyone was ready, they left for the black market, leaving Avid and Trion behind, as they had their own tasks to get on with as well. 
Currently, the crown prince and Corry were about to head to the black market as well. 
========================= 
It was night when they left for the black market and because of the location of the black market, they would need to go through a Lucent sand area. That place was like a desert, where it would be too hot if you crossed it in the bright day light. To avoid that, all the travelers would travel in the evening and arrive in the black market the next morning.
Just like the name, the sand was sparkling under the moonlight, as if it reflected starry sky. 
"It’s beautiful..." Iris muttered, she had never seen anything like that before. 
"Nah, that sand will burn your feet if you walk on it under the sunlight," Redmond said, despite Iris not being able to hear that.
###Chapter 127: THE BLACK MARKET
Chapter 127: THE BLACK MARKET
The black market was a place of mysterious trades and transactions, never lacking in providing even some forbidden goods or items for sale at inflated prices. 
The money used often came from irregular channels as well, such as usury loans, laundered funds, thus making the entire market ’black’. 
The black market was an illegal place where you could trade anything, or anyone. There were no explicit rules here, aside from all things that happened there would remain there and anyone that you saw mustn’t be discussed with the outsiders. 
If these rules were breached then the consequences would be dire, since it was easy to track you down through the magical tattoo on your arm. 
All in all, this was a very secretive organization, the owner of which was unknown. But according to rumors, it was someone from the Andelus Continent, because Andel language would be often used during the transactions in the black market and the auction. 
More so, even the king seemed to be well aware of this place, since the crown prince was here on orders from him. Meaning, he turned a blind eye because he gained benefits from this place as well. 
Before daybreak, they finally arrived in the black market, which was called Sky Black Pearl. It was a fortified stronghold located completely underground, despite the name ’Sky Black Pearl’, with its entrance hidden on a barren hill. 
As soon as they reached the barren hill, all of them dismounted their horses and walked toward the entrance. 
They stopped walking when they reached a dark, upright stele. With no words on its surface, the stone looked markedly cold and gloomy. 
"This is the entrance," Redmond said. He gave the reins of the horse to Iris, who looked at the structure curiously, and walked forward, as he kicked it carelessly three times. 
Slowly, a pitch- black passageway opened up behind the stele, leading to a tunnel deep into the hill. 
Soon enough, an old man emerged from the darkness, his hair was grey while his body was slightly bent forward. He had a luminous pearl in his hand to illuminate the path. 
"Kicking the door with your foot? Are you sick of living?" The old man reprimanded Redmond angrily, since he took the lead and walked in front of all of them. 
Iris was given a fright as soon as the old man raised his head and the luminous pearl in his hand to look at the five people before his eyes one by one. 
When he raised the pearl in his hand, they could see him as well. The man had one of his eyes completely blind while his face was covered in wrinkles. His ferocious expression made him look absolutely hideous! 
Iris took a step back and bumped onto Ethan, who put his hands on her shoulder to calm her down, while Will took the horse’s reins from her hand. 
Ethan still couldn’t guess why Cane took her to this kind of place, instead of Avid or Trion. New moon was still ten days from now and there was enough time to go back from this underground black market. He didn’t understand what the old man was saying because he was talking in Andel. 
After Redmond talked to the man, Cane tossed a gold coin to him, who caught it deftly, despite being half blind. He looked at the gold coin and inspected it, only after he was sure that it was legit, a warm smile appeared on the corners of his wrinkled lips. Even his voice became a bit gentler. 
The old man then called two of his subordinates to take care of their horses, before he opened the door behind him, where another man, looking identical to him, seemingly his twin, had been waiting for them. He wore a cold expression and even after Cane tossed him a gold coin, he kept that attitude. 
Will and Ethan frowned. What a waste of money. Why were they even in this black market in the first place? They didn’t think this was worth it, more so, they were still under the impression that it was not right to go to an illegal place like this. 
However, they kept their opinions to themselves after witnessing how Cane didn’t budge with his decision. 
The alpha showed the tattoo on his arm and the man examined it, while his twin brother was the guard for the entrance, he was the examiner. 
After five seconds of staring at the symbol, he nodded and let them pass. 
"I don’t like the vibe here," Ethan grumbled and Will couldn’t help but agree with him. 
The first old man walked ahead of them and soon enough, a lively underground world revealed itself before their eyes. 
This place was a literal subterranean town, aside from its location, it was no different from towns found aboveground. There were streets full of shops and magnificent buildings. Everything one expected to find in a town were all present. Luminous night pearls illuminated the expanse throughout the domain, leaving no corner unlit. 
All of them followed Redmond past a few streets, because aside from him, no one ever came to this place. 
Iris was looking at the variety of items displayed for sale, slaves and women, they didn’t even spare the children. 
All of this made their stomachs churn, but Cane and Redmond didn’t seem to be affected at all. Iris pressed her body close to Ethan because she felt her heart ache to see the children crying, but the grown ups were conversing about how much they would be worth.
The three of them hoped they could buy rations and find the head of the guild to buy the Asturi stem as soon as possible, and then get out of there, instead they were strolling around for a bit. 
During this time, Iris would keep looking over her back, until Will noticed that. 
"What is it?" Will asked, they were in a crowded street, but everyone seemed to be minding their own business. 
"Nothing." Iris was puzzled, because she felt someone was watching her, or maybe it was just her own feeling.
###Chapter 128: SOMEONE IS WATCHING HER
Chapter 128: SOMEONE IS WATCHING HER
After walking around for a bit, they finally came to the grain exchange district. Unlike the lively bustling scene in the other streets, it was very quiet here, only a few stores were open for business, but even those had a pitiful number of customers inside. 
Even though some of these store owners were selling their own crops, the majority of the merchants here were middlemen in charge of the money. All they cared about was the cash, not the details of buying and selling. 
"Now you know!" Redmond glared at Cane, who was walking beside him and then threw a glance at Iris, who was walking between Ethan and Will. 
Redmond didn’t want to talk much about this black market, nor did he want to provide this knowledge to Cane, because he wanted to make things difficult for him, but all the alpha did was only tell Iris to tell him that he had to answer all of his questions. 
And of course, Iris did as she was told and Redmond didn’t have any other option but to follow his master’s orders. He told Cane everything from his knowledge about this black market. 
He felt that he was just being robbed! 
"The delivery would be free and I will make sure that you will get the items before winter comes!" The merchant was sweet talking to Redmond, while Cane just watched from the sidelines. "Where is the young master? Is he not coming here?" 
He was Zen, an old merchant whom Mason always visited whenever he needed to buy grains and dry meat for winter, therefore, he was familiar with Redmond. 
"He is not here," Redmond mumbled, not paying this man any attention. 
"Who is this? New warriors? And who is that girl?" The old merchant nodded at Iris. "Did you just buy her for sharing?" 
Iris didn’t understand what he meant by that, but the other four men with her absolutely knew what he was talking about. 
Will and Ethan shot him a dagger look, while Redmond was furious, as his face turned ashen. 
However, Zen didn’t notice that and because this was not uncommon for Redmond to buy a girl when they came to the black market, so he assumed Iris was another chick that he bought to accompany him and would sell her again before they left this place. 
"I know a place to buy a good girl. A virgin! You will like it! I am just telling you because you are a regular!" He said excitedly. "Give her to me when you are done, I will pay half of the price!" 
But, no one shared his excitement and a moment of awkward silence descended. It was so disgusting to see a man thrice Iris’ age to look at her with lust swimming in his eyes. 
Iris backed away and hid behind Ethan’ body. 
They were familiar with such eyes, but Iris was mortified when she finally understood what he meant and missed what Cane said. 
"You can’t afford her," his voice was so cold and detached. "The items are not good here, we will leave." Cane turned around and walked out of the store, followed by the others. He didn’t even spare the merchant another glance, nor did he stop when he told them to wait. 
Iris was sure Cane was saying something, but she didn’t know what it was. She could only see his retreating back and how his veins protruded from his arms, even the sight of his back was so scary. 
"You made a big mistake, Zen," Redmond sighed, as he patted his shoulder. "That chick is the luna and that scary guy is the alpha. You offended them." 
Zen blinked his eyes, as the information sank in. "The luna? The alpha? From which pack?" He had never seen them before. "What about Mason, isn’t he the next alpha of the Blue Moon pack?" 
Redmond shrugged his shoulders. "You can say that he is as good as dead." And then he too walked away from that store. 
============================= 
Iris was tired from all the walking and when they could finally rest and Redmond found a good inn for them, she was able to enjoy her bathing time. 
The warm steam wafted in the air, as Iris dipped her body inside the tub, she could feel her muscles relax a bit. 
She couldn’t forget the image of those crying children and women and how callous people were to their predicament. 
Just because they were of low birth, they were treated less than them, as if they were not more important than grains or dry meat for winter. 
Iris was spacing out inside the tub when she felt that feeling again, as if there was someone watching her. 
She was currently on the second floor, so there was no way someone could accidentally walk into this room, especially when this bathroom was connected to the main room and all the windows were closed, but she couldn’t shake this feeling off. 
In the end, Iris hurriedly finished her bathing and put on a robe around her body. She didn’t even dry her hair before she walked out of the bathroom, only to see Cane was waiting for her. He was sitting on the bed, holding a few papers in his hands. 
"Al- alpha... what are you doing here?" Iris felt the urge to go back to the bathroom, but he waved his hand to beckon her to come closer. 
"Come here," Cane said impatiently, because Iris just stood there and didn’t move. 
"Hm..." Iris fidgeted. "I need to put on a dress first." 
Cane lifted his head and looked at her state. She was dripping with water while her wet hair stuck to her face. She looked so small, as she stood uncomfortably, while hugging herself. Fear evident in her bright blue eyes. 
"Hm." Cane nodded, but he didn’t move. 
Iris frowned. Wouldn’t he go out? 
But then, thinking back on it, he had seen everything, there was nothing to hide from him, yet Iris felt it was not right. 
"What are you waiting for?" Cane knitted his brows when she didn’t move.
###Chapter 129: HER LIPS ON HIS NECK
Chapter 129: HER LIPS ON HIS NECK
In the end, Iris chose to get changed inside the bathroom, thankfully, that feeling of being watched had disappeared. It was probably because she was too tired and started imagining things. 
Iris toweled her hair, but it would take time for it to really dry, thus she let her damp hair cascade down her back, at least, there was no more water dripping from it. 
She walked out of the bathroom and her eyes met with Cane again. He stared at her for a while, before he beckoned her to come closer to him. 
Iris relented and stood up two steps away from him. "Yes?" She asked in a timid voice, glancing at the papers in his hands and immediately knew what he wanted from her. 
However, Cane didn’t hand her over the scrolls, instead he started asking her. "Do you know the Karam language, Kars?" 
"Yes." Iris learned a few languages from different continents and she could say that she was fluent in Kars, same as with Andel. 
Cane nodded. "How fluent?" He himself could only handle a daily conversation in Kars and because he didn’t use it for a long time, he was not sure if it was sufficient. 
"Same as Andel." 
Cane nodded again, seemingly satisfied with her answer. "You will come with me tomorrow to find the head of the Rosantine guild." 
Iris was surprised to hear that, though she didn’t to it immediately, she still had some doubts. "I don’t know about trading, I am not sure what to say." She had never haggled for anything in her life, how could she talk to the head of a guild? 
"You only need to inquire about the price of the Asturi stem." 
"But, what if they try to fool me?" 
"And what if they did?" Cane knitted his brows and when he saw Iris was having a hard time seeing the situation clearly, he simply said. "The couple will pay whatever the price that I paid to get the item. Why would I bother to haggle?" 
Only then did Iris understand. The alpha didn’t even want to be bothered by such a thing. For some reason, Iris felt bad for the couple. Wouldn’t it make Cane look irresponsible? 
But then, he had never agreed to haggle for the item for them. 
Iris realized that Cane was a little bit cunning... 
"Do you know what the Asturi stem is used for?" 
Iris shook her head. 
Cane didn’t really hope for her to know about it, he only thought that maybe she stumbled on it when she read somewhere. 
"Translate this and wake me up when you are done." Cane tossed the four scrolls in his hand toward Iris, as he laid down on the bed. 
Iris managed to catch two scrolls, but the other two fell on the floor. She didn’t have any complaints, though. This was not the first time he asked her to do this, more so, she preferred this than seeing him spiral out of control. 
From what she learned, Cane was suffering from acute insomnia. He had tried a lot of things to help him fall asleep, but none of them worked on him. 
Yet, seeing him right now, Iris was having doubts, because he could sleep just fine... was his insomnia even severe? 
Shaking her head, she took all the four scrolls to the table and started to translate them. 
Meanwhile, Cane closed his eyes, he put his guard down, as he indulged himself in the sweet scent that lingered in this room. His headache gradually dissipated and soon sleepiness came to him, something that was so peaceful, which he thought he would never experience again. 
Outside, it was hard to tell whether it was day or night, since they were underground, but soon after Iris translated the fourth scroll, she couldn’t hold back her drowsiness any longer. Her eyes were so heavy. Today was so tiring, whether it was mentally or physically. She wanted to close her eyes for a while... 
She nodded off and rested her head on the table, using her arm as a cushion. There were only two more paragraphs left in the last scroll, but she couldn’t hold back anymore. 
In the end, she fell asleep, without knowing there was someone standing right outside the window, watching her. His eyes were so dark, like a night sky, as he looked at her intensely, as if trying to find something in her. 
However, he immediately got away from there when the alpha stirred awake, feeling his presence. 
Fortunately, he was already gone when Cane got off the bed and went to the window, there was no one there and Iris was already snoozing off. 
He stared at the girl for a while and then looked at the work that she had managed to finish. There was a complicated feeling that flashed in his eyes to see her. 
She was his mate, she bore his mark on her neck. More so, she was nothing like her father, but he didn’t feel right to treat her as one, despite the mate bond that was steadily growing between them. 
This bond only made him feel ill at ease. 
Cane looked at her deeply and out of impulse, he extended his hand to touch her hair that stuck to the sides of her face and splayed on the table. 
Just like he thought, her hair felt so soft to his touch. He fiddled with the strands of her hair between his fingers. He didn’t think that he had ever touched something so soft like this in the past ten years. 
"What should I do with you?" Cane murmured to himself, as he bent down his body and carried Iris to the bed. She would hurt herself if she slept in that position for too long, moreover, it was just an excuse asking her to translate those reports.
Not all the reports needed to be translated. 
But then, his body stiffened when Iris wrapped her arms around his neck unconsciously, her lips grazed his neck, while her warm breath caressed his skin. She snuggled closer to him because she felt cold.
###Chapter 130: IRIS REALIZED HER CRISIS
Chapter 130: IRIS REALIZED HER CRISIS
Her scent assaulted his senses, but the most terrifying part was not that he felt uncomfortable with it, but because it was the other way around. He liked her scent lingering around him, as if she was the best medicine that he could ask for. 
He wanted to keep her close, but at the same time, he wanted to put her at arm’s length. No one would be left unharmed if they got too close to him. 
But then, Cane’s entire body stiffened, he halted his steps when Iris wrapped her arms around his neck unconsciously, her lips grazed the sensitive spot on his neck as her warm breath caressed his skin. She snuggled closer to him because she felt cold. 
Cane’s eyes turned a few shades darker, as he carried her to the bed. Her soft body against his made it hard for him to let her go, but she was sleeping right now. He could feel himself turning hard for her. 
As he put her down on the bed, Iris opened her eyes groggily, her blue eyes looked at him hazily, as she blinked a few times, still unaware of her predicament, while her arms were still wrapped around his neck. He was only a breath away from kissing her. 
No. Cane wouldn’t kiss anyone. He didn’t even kiss Aria during the whole three years of their relationship. He did it based on their carnal desire. 
When it came to Cane, it was more pain than pleasure and Aria was willing to take all the pain from him. That was why, it was always her. The deed would be done callously and there was nothing more beyond that. 
However, at this moment, Cane had this sudden urge to kiss her. Her plump and soft lips looked delicious and those lips enticed him to take a taste. He growled when his desire for her, to have her, made him hard. 
It was painful for him when he had this carnal desire, because he had to go through it until the end. 
Maybe because of how he growled dangerously until it sent a shudder down her spine, Iris finally came to her senses and realized what state she was in right now. 
"A- Alpha..." she stuttered to see the darkness behind his eyes and then let go of his neck. She didn’t even realize that she had been clinging onto him this whole time. "I- I am sorry..." 
It was a little bit too late for an apology. 
Cane stared at her with his hooded eyes, there was a complicated emotion that Iris could see in those dark pupils and from how hard he knitted his brows, he seemed to be having a battle with himself. 
Desire clouded his features, his hands fisted on the sides of her head. 
At this point, Iris could feel his thighs tensing, as she straddled him without her knowing, while he placed himself between her legs. This position made her terrified, because she knew what would come next. 
How did they end up like this? The last thing she remembered was herself dozing off after translating the scrolls while Cane was still sleeping on the bed. Did she sleep-walk to the bed? 
This wouldn’t do... Iris still remembered what happened the last time they did it, even though she couldn’t blame him, since it could be said as him helping her when she was in heat, or else she would be more in pain. 
Still, Iris wouldn’t say that was a pleasant memory that she wanted to reminisce about. Did she have the strength to face his demons? 
They stayed like that, while silence washed over them as time dragged by. 
"I don’t want to do this..." Cane finally spoke, his voice was deep and coarse, but he didn’t move away from her. 
This time, Iris took her time to look at him closely. She could see deep pain in his eyes, ghastly scars on his soul. Has anyone ever noticed that? Has anyone ever asked how he felt? 
There was one silly question that crossed her mind at this moment; don’t you feel tired? 
His shoulders were wide, but not wide enough to carry all those responsibilities. No one had shoulders that wide to carry the whole world on his own. 
She wished there was a way to take it all from him... even for a moment. 
Iris hurt for him, somehow, she could understand him to a certain level, was it because of the bond that they shared? There were too many burdens for him, too many responsibilities and too many demons tormenting him. 
But then, he had no one to turn to. Everyone looked up to him, they put their hopes and lives in his hands, and he must hold fast to their expectations for him, which meant he couldn’t show any weakness. 
He didn’t want to do it... 
That was what he felt, he didn’t want to hurt her, but he couldn’t stop himself. Her father made sure to ruin him completely, tormenting him even after he had died. 
Iris was not sure what to do, but she couldn’t resist raising her hand and then touching his head. His body stiffened further with her touch, but he didn’t jerk away from her. His hair was so soft when she buried her fingers in it. 
She expected him to pull away from her touch, but he didn’t. He looked shocked, but he didn’t move away from her. 
And when she started patting his head in rhythmical soft pats... Cane gave in to exhaustion and tuned out the pain. He lowered his head, as if encouraging her to continue what she was doing right now. 
He buried his head in the crook of her shoulder, as he took the liberty to breathe in her scent, while Iris kept patting his head and soon, his breath evened out in sleep. 
The alpha was sleeping in her arms, something that had never happened before. Time dragged by, and his labored breaths filled the air. 
But soon, Iris realized her crisis. 
He is so heavy!
###Chapter 131: I OVERSLEPT
Chapter 131: I OVERSLEPT
Iris was not sure how she managed to stay alive with Cane’s body weighing down on her, but she was thankful to wake up and be alive. She looked around her, but she found out that she was alone. 
However, not long after that, she saw Cane walk out of the bathroom, his hair was wet with water droplets trickling down his chiseled jaw down to his neck and shoulder. He just fastened a towel around his hips when their eyes met. 
For a brief second, they stared at each other, until Cane grumbled. "I overslept!" He glared at her accusingly, which startled her, but he soon averted his gaze and put on his shirt and pants. 
Actually, it was not that Cane was angry at her because she put him to sleep, but it was most likely he didn’t know what to do about it, it was so bizarre for him to have a good night’s sleep, without his nightmares tormenting him. 
For the first time he felt... normal, if you could put it that way... 
After he put on his shirt and felt there was no movement from Iris, he turned around and looked at her with knitted brows. "What are you doing? Still not moving?" 
Iris was afraid when he looked so angry, thus she didn’t do anything just in case she triggered him to get angrier at her. 
But, with that remark, she remembered Cane had said they would go to see the head of the Rosantine guild today. 
Because this organization was from the Karam continent, it would be a good thing if they could use Kars during conversation, just in case. 
Last night, Will and Redmond had gone out to find more information about this guild and how to contact them. 
And from what they reported to him this morning, it was not difficult to find where they were, but meeting with the head of the guild was another problem entirely. 
"I- I will wash my face," Iris immediately rushed to the bathroom and when she came out, Cane was no longer there, but there was a set of breakfast waiting on the table for her.
========================== 
"I spotted the Crown Prince earlier. He arrived two hours ago with Sir Maleen, the advisor," Will reported this to Cane, as he waited for Iris to come down. 
"Can you find out what they are looking for in this black market?" Cane looked at the street through the window beside him. It was still weird for him to see how the situation here was no different from aboveground. 
He wondered how vast this underground was. Was this as big as the lucent sand desert? Were they under that desert? 
"I will try to find out about it," Will said. "But, I am not sure if I can find anything." He was being honest, since it was almost impossible to be so close to them without being noticed. More so, when he didn’t have any connections around this place. 
"Hm." Cane nodded. He knew that this task would be difficult to accomplish and didn’t pressure him further. 
What Alan was doing in this place and what he was looking for under the order of the king was not his problem. He didn’t need to get involved in that, but there was no harm in gathering information about the royal family, since he needed to take precautions against what they were up to. 
There was no way the king would let the fact that he had no control over the mines anymore pass. 
Thinking up to here, his father must have sensed something was going on before the attack by the Blue Moon pack, but time was not in his favor, because everything went too fast, out of his calculation. 
He learned all of this when he returned to the pack house and read his journal and all the plans that he had prepared for the fallout, but then he was betrayed, rendering his plans useless. 
Cane had to learn all of that and gathered all the information and all the men that his father had put in various places. 
Thankfully, no one knew about the location of his pack’s treasury aside from him, thus the important information could be saved even after the pack house had been turned into a brothel and many people came and went to that place. 
Not long after that, Iris came down, she was dressed in a simple blue dress the same color as her eyes, while her auburn hair was braided behind her back. She looked around and found Cane almost immediately, as she walked toward him. 
She was not a devastatingly beautiful woman, or someone that would make you fall head over heels at a single glance, but there was something about her that made her look so attractive over time. 
The way she carried herself and how she moved so easily made her look very carefree. Or how her eyes lit up when her curiosity was piqued and how she blushed when she felt embarrassed, that was something that you could only know when you got closer to her. 
"I am sorry for taking so long," she said when she approached Cane and Will. 
Cane immediately stood up once she came down, he talked to Will and let him know what he needed to do and told him to relay the tasks to Ethan and Redmond as well. 
After that, he took Iris out of the inn. 
Along the way, they said nothing and there was this tacit understanding between the two of them; what transpired between them last night had never happened, just like when Iris went through heat, they had never talked about that. 
Finally, after around twenty minutes of walking, they arrived at a house that was as big as the inn that they stayed in, the gate was tall and there were two men guarding at the front. 
One look and Cane knew they were shifters, probably rogues, since shifters wouldn’t usually work for a merchant. 
However, aside from them, there was someone else who arrived at the same time.
###Chapter 132: SUITS YOU WELL
Chapter 132: SUITS YOU WELL
Alan was shocked to see Cane there, but he didn’t recognize Iris immediately, because the last time he met her, he only caught a glimpse of her and she was much younger. 
On the other hand, Cane also didn’t expect to see him here when he told Will to find out more about his intentions to come to the black market, but as it turned out, he could figure it out himself. 
He came looking for the guild master as well, but for what item? 
"You? What are you doing here?" Alan glared at Cane, as if he was his enemy. Though they were not on speaking terms, knowing that this alpha was in control of the mines in the south and the royal family wouldn’t get any benefits out of it anymore, he was deeply unhappy. 
However, after seeing Alan was there, Cane simply ignored him. He didn’t offer him any greeting or other respectful gestures. The norms that you should follow whenever you see a member of the royal family. 
"How dare you ignore me!" His temper flared up to see himself being disrespected like that. 
Yet, Cane simply stared at the guard. "Are you not going to open the gates?" His voice was icy and his tone was impassive, while he kept Iris by his side. 
Iris stared at Alan, she was about to pay respects to him. After all, he was from the royal family and it was a custom to do that, but Cane held her hand tightly, preventing her from doing so. She followed his lead and ignored the crown prince as well, which aggravated him further. 
On the other hand, the guard immediately opened the gates and let Cane and Iris enter, but Alan, who couldn’t accept the disrespect that the alpha showed him, grabbed his shoulder and forced him to turn around to face him. 
Cane turned around and swatted his hand from his shoulder, and it stung. He didn’t hold back at all when he hit him.
"What do you want?" Cane asked, he looked annoyed. 
"What do I want?" Alan was flabbergasted. "How dare you talk to me like that? Ten years of slavery made you stupid?! I am the Crown Prince!" 
Alan was used to people giving him special treatment and being respectful toward him because he was the crown prince, thus seeing Cane’s ignorance offended him greatly. 
"Does being the Crown Prince make you stupid?" 
Iris was stunned hearing what Cane said, so was Corry, who was standing next to Alan. He was about to open his mouth to rebuke the alpha, but he beat him to it and spoke first. 
"Everyone is the same here, titles mean nothing." Cane learned this from Redmond’s explanation on the rules to be followed in the black market. 
This was the most basic rule in this place and for Alan to demand himself to be treated the same as his status aboveground only made him look silly. 
"Cane!" Alan was at a loss for words, he didn’t know what to say, he wanted to curse at Cane, but he already walked through the gates with Iris following behind him. The young woman even giggled when she noticed his face turn ashen. 
Once his deadly glare fell on her, Iris immediately turned around and quickened her steps. 
"What item do you wish to buy, Sir?" The guard asked when he took him to the waiting room. 
Behind them, Alan and Corry followed closely. The crown prince flopped down on one of the sofas, his arms crossed, while he listened to the guard, who asked the same question to him, he glared at Cane loftily, while the latter didn’t even pay any attention to him. 
It was Iris, who found this situation a little bit awkward, as she quickly grasped the gist of it. What Cane said was right, Alan couldn’t demand respect from him based on his status aboveground. 
But then, wouldn’t this make trouble for Cane once they were no longer here? But, it seemed, Cane didn’t care much about it. 
"Asturi Stem." Both Cane and Alan answered at the same time, which finally made Cane take interest in him, as he whipped his head around to look at the crown prince. 
"Asturi Stem is a rare item, you should meet with the head of the guild to buy it," the two guards explained to their respective guests. 
"I know!" Alan waved his hand impatiently. "Tell Lou to come and meet me." 
From the way Alan spoke, he seemed to be a frequent visitor to this place, for he already knew the name of the owner of this guild merchant. 
"I want to see Lou, too," Cane said swiftly, as if he had met that man before, this time he spoke in Kars. 
Both of the guards looked at each other when they heard that these people wanted to get the same thing. 
"Are you together?" The guard with Cane asked him. 
"No." Cane stopped for a while, but then he spoke again in Kars. "Tell him to see me." 
The guard was stunned to hear Cane speak in their master’s language, so were Alan and Corry. It was not surprising for someone like Cane to speak multiple languages, after all, highborns like them tended to master a few languages in this realm. 
However, the way Cane phrased it, made it sound like they were close acquaintances or something. 
"Wait for a while, I will let master Lou know this." 
Both the guards left the room, leaving the four of them alone in the waiting room, while the silence descended on them made the situation very awkward. 
"Iris, it has been a while since the last time I saw you." Corry broke the silence, as he started conversing with Iris. 
However, she was not looking in his direction, thus she missed the question, which made Alan laugh. "Oh, you must have forgotten Sir Corry, she is deaf, you need to make her look in your direction before you speak to her," he said disdainfully between his laughs. "Getting her as your luna suits you well, Cane,."
###Chapter 133: HOW DOES IT FEEL?
Chapter 133: HOW DOES IT FEEL?
Alan had been thoroughly ignored by Cane and he wasn’t used to that, though this was the first time they met with each other in over ten years, there was only enmity between the two of them. 
No, it was most likely Alan who was showing his cranky side because he was not greeted appropriately. 
"Getting her as your luna suits you well, Cane. You both are detestable." He tried to provoke him, but Cane didn’t even spare him a glance. By now, the crown prince must have known the taste of the alpha’s ignorance just like how Redmond felt. "Cane!" 
"Alan," Corry said in a low voice, he put his hand on his shoulder to calm him down. This guy was a handful ever since he was little. "We are not here to argue." 
Corry was more concerned about the fact that Alan wanted the same thing as them. Did he know what the stem was for? He narrowed his eyes to study Cane, but he could only give up. He was expressionless all the time. He couldn’t even tell whether he heard Alan’s mocking statement or not. 
On the other hand, Iris looked at Cane and Alan back and forth, she found the crown prince’s attempt to make the alpha angry and talk back to him was ridiculous. 
Though Alan was a twenty nine years old grown up man, he acted like a seven year old, a kid, who couldn’t get what he wanted and was throwing a temper tantrum, until he pushed someone to their limits. 
"What is it like to fuck your enemy’s daughter?" Alan asked in a mocking tone, which made Corry suck in a cold breath, he wanted to slap this man! If he was not a crown prince, he would have done that. 
The king didn’t give a definite statement, but from his understanding of how things stood right now, it was not wise to provoke the alpha. 
On the other hand, Iris lowered her head, she was mortified because of how vulgar those words sounded. She was embarrassed, but actually felt more humiliated for Cane. 
For him to take her, his enemy’s daughter and claim her as his luna, was already a great degradation. 
"You must miss your mate dearly," Alan added more salt to the wound, as he didn’t hold back with his sinister mockery, while beside him, Corry really wanted to cover his mouth and drag him away from this place, before there was any bloodshed. 
Alan was not only degrading his current mate, but also dragging his previous luna into the conversation as well. 
The room became so cold, as if the temperature had dropped when Cane finally graced Alan with his attention that he desperately wanted to get. All of them thought Cane would be enraged by that statement. 
However, he only chuckled lightly, the sound was actually very eerie when the joy didn’t even reach his frigid eyes. 
"It felt good," he said simply, but then he asked him in return. "What is it like to have your mate fucked by your father? You shouldn’t have killed her, you must be missing your mate dearly now." 
Alan’s face fell. He opened his mouth, but was unable to speak. His face shifted from shock to anger very fast, but he couldn’t find the right words to say. 
How did he know?! 
Even Corry found this very shocking, because not many knew about that matter, everything had been wrapped up pretty neatly and quickly, so there was no rumor out there of what happened. 
When he met his mate, Alan was just sixteen years old and the disaster happened six months after that, thus not many people knew Alan had met with his mate and thought the young girl was just one of his playthings. 
On the other hand, Cane observed their reactions closely and was certain by the way they reacted that what he said was actually the truth. 
Cane didn’t know about that scandal. He learned that from his father’s journal and his father got it from his informant that he planted in the palace. 
So, it was true. What he read in his father’s journal was true thus far. All the information in it... was true? Cane needed to meet with those people to confirm something. 
And even though there were a lot of things that he was thinking right now, on the surface, he didn’t show much emotion, he looked like he was just talking in leisure. 
Meanwhile, Iris didn’t know something like that had happened, she stole a peek at Alan, whose face had turned very dark, as if he was going to kill someone at this very moment. 
Well, serves him right! 
Iris then stole a glance at Cane, who looked like nothing had happened. Did the mention of his mate didn’t bother him at all? 
Her train of thought was interrupted when someone walked into the room. His presence suddenly brightened the mood, as he smiled joyfully at the four of them. 
"My apologies for keeping all of you waiting for so long!" He said cheerfully. 
He was wearing a fancy red cloak, while his short, black hair was trimmed neatly and his bright dark eyes looked at them one by one. He was speaking in Kars since he knew who he was expecting waiting for him in this room. 
He looked too sophisticated for a man, he was even more beautiful than most women. His bewitching eyes fell on Iris and he looked at her intensely, before he looked at Cane, who was sitting next to her. 
"Is she your mate, Alpha Cane?" He asked Cane in Kars. 
Though Cane was not fluent, he still managed to hold this simple conversation. "Yes, she is." 
The two guards, who followed their master to the room, stood on either side of him. 
"Hm..." He touched his chin with his slender fingers. "This is the first time I met Mason’s little sister. But, the color of your hair is very interesting." He grinned at Iris. "Tell me, from whom did you get the color? Absolutely not your father, so your mother?"
###Chapter 134: IRIS’S PECULIAR HAIR
Chapter 134: IRIS’S PECULIAR HAIR
To be born with natural auburn hair was rare in this continent, because this was not their usual hair color, therefore, Lou’s attention immediately fell on her once he entered the room. 
He knew about Mason, in truth, he had met him twice in the past when he needed something from his guild, he also knew about his little sister being a runt, but then because she was not important and it would only be a waste of time to look for more information on her, he had never paid attention to that runt. 
Therefore, this was their first encounter and Lou was very surprised to see her. Blue eyes with auburn hair. He had gone to many places and had met with a lot of supernatural creatures, thus he could tell that her origins were questionable at most. 
"Tell me, from whom did you get the color? Absolutely not your father, so your mother?" Lou looked very interested in Iris, he even ignored Alan completely. 
Even if Cane could pretend he didn’t exist, more so Lou, as the head of a guild. Alan couldn’t use his title here. 
"Say, red hair, from whom did you get your hair color?" Lou leaned his body forward, as he was very interested to hear Iris’ answer. 
On the other hand, Cane was silent, but he was following this conversation. Of course, he was aware of this peculiarity, but he didn’t pay deeper attention to this, since her origins didn’t have anything to do with him. 
Whether she was a runt or not, it wouldn’t affect him or his plans, but Lou’s remark made him think otherwise... 
"I got it from my maternal grandmother." Iris remembered she had asked about this to her old nanny and this was her answer, because neither her father nor her mother had this hair color. 
"Hm..." Lou touched his chin. "Did you see it yourself? Or was it someone else who told you that?" 
Iris knitted her brows. She felt his question was unnecessary, but she must answer it. "No. My old nanny told me. My maternal grandmother died before I was born." 
"What about your old nanny?" 
"She died when I was five." 
"Hm..." 
Alan couldn’t take it anymore. He was here to buy an important item, not to hear this sob story about this runt! 
"Enough!" Alan was enraged and Corry was hopeless in calming him down. "I am here for the Asturi Stem. Give me a price, I will pay!" He slammed his hand against the armrest, as he spoke. 
"Ck, ck, ck." Lou clicked his tongue in annoyance. "This is why I don’t like the royal family. I have told you to make him behave before our next meeting, right?" He shifted his attention toward Corry when he asked this. 
"My apologies to Guild Master Lou, but we are in a hurry and the Prince is a little bit anxious." Corry’s voice was so calm, it seemed, he had gotten used to fixing the problems created by this spoiled crown prince. "Can we move to the part of trading instead? We can’t afford to lose more time. For people like us, time is very precious, right?" 
The old advisor was very smooth with his words. 
"I don’t mind. I have a lot of time," Lou said with a chuckle, as he leaned his back against the chair, he put his focus back on Iris. "You have never seen your maternal grandmother? How can you be sure?" 
Iris found it weird for him to ask her about this matter in detail. "Why should I question it?" 
Hearing that answer, Lou laughed and then shifted his attention back to Cane. "You shouldn’t have killed her father yet." 
Cane didn’t give a reaction to that statement, which made the silence that followed become a little bit awkward. 
"Okay, it seems all of you are very impatient to get your hands on the Asturi stem." Lou clapped his hands, as if to indicate that he was done questioning Iris. "So, both of you want the Asturi stem and from what I see, you did not come together for this, right? But, unfortunately, I only have one Asturi stem." 
This statement made Alan and Corry’s eyes flicker with uneasiness. "Of course, you have to sell it to us. I am an old customer. I am a regular here." 
"But, I want to make a new acquaintance with the new alpha of the Howling Wolf pack." 
Alan was seething when he heard that and stood up, furious. He had a very short temper, probably as short as the length of a spoon. "Name the price, I will pay!" 
Lou clicked his tongue. Just like Cane, he was also pondering how this brat could be a crown prince. The king was not that stupid to see how this son of his could do more damage than good for his kingdom and his reign. 
"Instead of money, I want something else." He grinned, but he flashed Iris a look. "I want you to do me this favor. Whoever gets it done first, I will sell the Asturi stem to that person." 
Cane didn’t like this idea. He came here because he wanted to get those two water magic stones and let those two people pay back the price of the Asturi stem. He didn’t come here for a complicated task, nor was he joyous to be ordered around. 
"Nonsense!" Alan growled, he was throwing a temper tantrum again. 
"Well, if you don’t agree, you can go. That’s the door." Lou nodded to the door in front of them. 
If it was somewhere else, Alan would have this man executed, but his title was powerless in this underground black market. 
Lou grinned. "So, since there are no more ions, come with me." He stood up and went to the second door, but before that, he talked to his guard in a low voice. 
Alan and Corry followed him, but Cane fell back to ask Iris. 
"What was he saying?" 
Iris tiptoed to whisper into his ear and Cane had to bend his body to accommodate her.
###Chapter 135: SOMETHING WAS AMISS
Chapter 135: SOMETHING WAS AMISS
The top of Iris’ head barely reached Cane’s shoulders, thus one could imagine how difficult it would be for Iris if she wanted to whisper something into Cane’s ear. 
Iris found his height was so intimidating and wondered how he could grow so tall like this. He was at least half a head taller than the others, probably because he had the alpha blood running through his veins coupled with being part of the royal family. 
Iris tiptoed and tugged his sleeve, so he could bend his body slightly and Cane did that to accommodate her height. 
Her warm breath tickled his neck when she spoke. 
"He said, ’call the sorcerer and open the gate.’" If she was not mistaken, that was what Lou told the guy. 
Cane knitted his brows when he heard that. He didn’t have any idea what they wanted to do, but he would figure it out later. He was only considering whether this was worth it or not, since the Asturi stem was not something that he needed. 
But, if he didn’t get it here, then he wouldn’t be able to get the two water magic stones either. 
Cane glanced at Iris, who pressed her body close to him, as they walked. This place was slightly dim and he knew she was afraid of the darkness. 
If what they would face was too dangerous and outrageous, he would immediately back off. It was not worth it, since Iris could try to find the water magic stones once they got back to their pack. 
They walked down a corridor where the farther they walked, the lower the passage went, as if they were going deeper into the ground, until it turned into a tunnel, with stone walls on their left and right. 
"Where are you taking us!?" Alan started being impatient again when Lou didn’t say anything, as he led them down this steep path. 
It was not the first time for Alan to have a transaction with Lou, but he had never known that this place existed. 
"Just for a while, just for a while, you need to exercise too, Crown Prince," Lou said lightly with a chuckle, he glanced over his shoulder and found Iris was having a hard time following their steps. She was not as nimble as the others, while Cane helped her by holding her hand. She was so clumsy. 
In the end, they stopped in front of a shabby wooden door, where the man that they saw at the entrance of the black market had been waiting for them. 
This was one of the twin old men, from the way he looked at the people there, Iris was sure that this one was the one who examined Cane’s tattoo. The one without a smile, even after receiving a gold coin. 
"Open the door, Sabian," Lou ordered. 
The wooden door was a double door that was as tall as Cane and as wide as this tunnel. 
With that order, the man named Sabian pressed his palms on the surface of the door and there was a gleam of golden light that appeared from his hands, which spread to the entire door. 
This was not the first time for Iris to witness magic, but she still felt amazed from what she was seeing. Living inside the pack house for twenty years of her life, really made her ignorant about a lot of things that were happening in this world. 
But beside her, Cane didn’t show any reaction, he only stared at the door when it was being opened by magic, which meant, only magic users could open the door. Once they got inside, they would be stuck. 
"Now!" Lou clapped his hands, as he stood in front of them with the door wide open behind him, from what they could see from this standpoint, it was only another place with stalactites and stalagmites and also the sound of water current. Was it a river? Underground river? "There is something that I want inside." 
"Stop talking nonsense and get straight to the point, what do you want?" Alan huffed, he folded his arms in front of his chest, as if spending another minute here was truly a waste of his precious time. 
However, Lou ignored his arrogant ass, as he kept talking, but his eyes would flicker to Iris every now and then. 
Of course, that subtle action didn’t go unnoticed by Cane. Something was amiss here. 
"I have a pet that ran away inside this place, whoever finds the pet can buy the Asturi stem from me," he said in delight. 
"A pet!?" Alan was furious. He was enraged and couldn’t help cursing at Lou, while Corry was having a hard time calming him down. "You actually want a Crown Prince to look for your pet!?" 
But, facing an enraged Alan, Lou only let out a soft chuckle, his movement was very gentle, even more than most women. 
Yet, Cane watched everything in silence. Pet? What a joke. What kind of pet runs off to a place that was shielded by magic? 
On the other hand, Iris could feel the little lizard moving restlessly inside her pouch, as if this little creature wanted to come out. Iris then placed her hand over the pouch to make it stop moving before someone noticed it. 
"So, will you take it or not?" Lou looked bored, as he listened to the way Alan cursed at him. He yawned and stretched his body, but his eyes flickered at Iris again, as if he was anticipating something from her. 
"No," Cane said coldly and took Iris hand to walk back in the way they came from. This was not worth it. "We will take our leave." 
"Huh?" Lou’s jaw dropped when he saw Cane and Iris’ retreating backs. They must be kidding him, right? "Hey! Don’t you want the Asturi stem?! Hey!" 
However, Cane didn’t heed his shouts, as he kept walking with Iris close to him, he glanced at her, but she seemed clueless about the way Lou looked at
###Chapter 136: ARE YOU GOING TO KILL HIM?!
Chapter 136: ARE YOU GOING TO KILL HIM?!
"Hey! Just negotiate a little, will you?" Lou ran behind Cane and Iris, while Alan and Corry followed behind him. Forget about finding his stupid pet, which was a ruse, they had really wasted their time trying to get down to this underground place. "How much will you pay me for the Asturi stem?! Hey! Stop walking away from me!" 
This time, Lou was being impatient, he grabbed Iris’ hand, instead of Cane’s, to stop him walking away while dragging her with him. 
However, once Cane saw it, his claws elongated and in a blink of an eye, he had swatted Lou’s hand away from hers, leaving four deep ghastly wounds on his hand, as blood dripped from his injuries. 
"Don’t touch her," Cane said coldly. He didn’t even flinch to see the killing intent in this merchant’s eyes. He was not a shifter, but judging from his looks, he was not as simple as a human. A sorcerer, perhaps? It was hard to tell. 
"You don’t need to be so furious, alpha," Lou said, right now, his tone had changed, he didn’t look like a flamboyant man anymore, as he turned very serious when he spoke, even Alan stopped cursing, as he stood behind Lou with Corry by his side. "I only want you to reconsider the price to buy my Asturi stem." 
"How much?" Cane jumped straight to the point. 
"I will give you the Asturi stem, but let me have a week with your girl and I will..." 
But, Cane turned around and tugged Iris along with him even before Lou could finish his words, which annoyed the merchant even further. 
On the other hand, Iris was startled to read such a bold suggestion, but even more surprised that Cane looked furious hearing what Lou said. 
"Three days! Three days and you don’t need to pay me anything!" Lou was furious, as he followed Cane all the way back to the door, heading toward the waiting room again. "Fine! One day! Give me one day and I will give you Asturi stem!" 
"LOU! YOU SHAMELESS BASTARD!" Alan was shocked to hear that suggestion, in other words, he wanted to give the Asturi stem for free? 
Cane didn’t even budge, while Iris kept looking back to know what Lou was suggesting and her heart lurched to her stomach when she read that. 
One day with him for the Asturi stem? Which meant, Cane didn’t need to pay anything and he could get the item if he just gave her up for a day. He could benefit from both sides! 
Iris could understand if he gave her up, but Cane was completely ignoring Lou right now. Why did he do that? 
Iris was indeed afraid that he would give her to him, but even bewildered that he didn’t. After all, he wouldn’t gain any benefit from keeping her. 
Yet, she didn’t say anything, fearing Cane would change his mind and agree with Lou’s suggestion. 
"Fine!" Lou stopped walking. He watched Cane and Iris walk across his yard to the front gate. This time, he turned around and looked at Alan with a soft smile on his lips. "Can you see the girl over there? Get her and I will let you buy the Asturi stem." 
How cunning he was to use someone else to get what he wanted! 
But, despite that, Alan was more than happy to start a fight with Cane after he brought up his mate. Therefore, after he made sure Lou wouldn’t go back on his words, he shifted into his beast and pounced on Cane. 
"NO! DON’T DO THAT!" Corry dreaded what would happen. "No! Stop him!" He couldn’t stop Alan by himself, if the two of them started fighting. And if he jumped between them, it would mean the end of him. "Stop him!" He glared sternly at Lou, but the man just chuckled, as if he was enjoying the sight. 
He couldn’t care less about the two men, because his eyes were fixed on the auburn haired girl. 
Alan’s attack was so obvious, especially the murderous intent that emitted from his body, the grey beast’s golden eyes, which were the signature eyes of the royal family’s beasts, were shining brightly, a predator looking at their prey. 
Cane simply pushed Iris aside before he shifted into his black beast, his golden eyes looked even brighter than this crown prince’s, they looked like molded gold. 
The grey beast raised its front legs, but the black one simply ducked to the side and attacked his stomach instead. His claws made a long gash, just like the wounds on Lou’s hand, but this one was deeper and way more dangerous. 
In a second, the grey wolf fell to the ground and started whimpering. 
"Enough! Enough!" Corry immediately rushed forward when he saw Alan shift back into his human form, lying in his own pool of blood, the sight made the old advisor feel like he was going to die! "How can you injure him like this!? Are you going to kill him!?" 
Cane shifted into his human form and simply threw a cold glare at the old advisor and then grabbed Iris’ hand to go away from this place. 
He knew Alan wouldn’t die, that kind of wound wouldn’t take his life, but it would make him bedridden for one to two days. 
But, as he walked out of this place, he looked at Lou, who was staring at Iris, his eyes were indecipherable and this alerted him. There was something about Iris’s origin that interested this merchant, but what was that? 
Iris tapped Cane’s arm when she wanted to talk to him, once they were out of their sight. "Is it okay for you to injure him like that?" She looked nervous. 
"Hm." It was not like Alan could do something about whatever happened in this place. 
"But, alpha..." Iris looked a little bit cautious when she spoke again. "That place... it is a mine, a magic stone mine." 
Cane stopped walking and looked at her seriously. "Are you sure?" 
Iris nodded. She was sure about what she felt back there.
###Chapter 137: HIS STRONG HEART
Chapter 137: HIS STRONG HEART
In this realm, there were only two mines, one of which were no other than the mines in the south kingdom, controlled by Howling Wolf pack and Blue Moon pack. These mines usually produced earth magic stones and in rare instances, they would be able to find water magic stones. 
The productivity of the mines in the south kingdom could be said to be higher compared to the one in the west kingdom, which was controlled by the Red Claw pack. This mine produced fire magic stones, but even though it was the largest mine, it was hard to mine the magic stones. 
However, the value of one fire magic stone could be compared to three to five times the price of an earth magic stone. It depended on the quality and the one Arthur gave to Cane, which now hatched into a little lizard, could be said to have the best quality for a fire magic stone. 
Cane had asked Arthur more about it and he told him that the fire magic stone was meant to be a memento. It was a keepsake, but his father had told him to take it, thus, since eleven years ago, the stone had been missing and the alpha didn’t have any idea where it was. 
Therefore, to know that there was another mine in this continent was something unthinkable. 
"Are you sure?" Cane narrowed his eyes to look at her. 
"Yes." Iris was sure the place that Lou showed to them, behind the door, was a mining site. "There were a lot of water magic stones there." 
Water magic stones... 
"Is that place as big as the mines in our pack?" 
"No, not that big... probably one third of it..." Iris replied after some calculation. One third could still be considered as a big place. "I didn’t tell you because there were a lot of people there and I am not sure if I should let them know about it." Iris hastily added when Cane didn’t say anything. 
Cane resumed walking toward their inn, while Iris followed one step behind him. 
Earth magic stones mine was in the south kingdom, fire magic stones mine was in the west kingdom and if the water magic stones mine could be found in this east kingdom, could it be the air magic stones mine was in the north? 
But, the only air magic stones mine existed in this realm was in the Holy Kingdom, the one under the possession of the Serafim. 
Cane was puzzled over this fact. Was it only a coincidence and he was just overthinking things? 
Once they got to the inn, Cane stayed inside the same room as Iris and asked her to teach him more Kars. 
"I thought you knew how to speak Kars." 
"I can just manage basic conversation and reading a few words." If he had to deal with people from Karam in the future, he needed to learn everything that he could about that continent and it would start from their language. 
"Oh, okay..." Iris was a little bit flustered when Cane asked her this favor, but she was more than happy to do it. 
He looked so diligent when he learned a new word and made a sentence from it. His dark eyes were hooded and he looked very focused on what he read, as he listened to her attentively. 
Iris had never thought that she would see this side of Cane. She really wanted to know how Cane was before her father attacked his pack, or how he would have been if he didn’t need to endure those ten years of slavery. 
Would he smile often? Would he be this cold? 
"What are you staring at?" Cane asked, as he scribbled something on the paper. He talked in Kars to her. 
"Oh, nothing..." Iris immediately lowered her head, embarrassed that she was caught red handed ogling at him. "What about the water magic stones? If we can’t get the Asturi stem, we can’t get the water magic stones from them either." 
"They are not the only ones who have water magic stones." That was a fact. It would be difficult, but it was not impossible. 
If Arthur and the others could get a high quality fire magic stone, they could find a water magic stone as well. It was not necessary for Cane to get the water magic stones from the couple. 
"Iris." Cane suddenly put down his quill. 
"Yes?" Iris was on high alert, especially after seeing those dark eyes, they looked very stern. 
"You have never met any of your family from your maternal side?" He asked all of sudden, Lou’s remark bugged him, though he knew there was no need for him to find out about her origins, since it didn’t concern him at all and didn’t have anything to do with him, but he simply couldn’t get rid of his curiosity.
"No." Iris shook her head. 
And with that, Cane didn’t ask more about her and Iris kept teaching him until dinner time, after which he went out to see Will, while Iris’ dinner was sent to the room. 
They stayed in the same room, it was a luxurious place with its own bathroom which had a hot tub. Also, the bed was spacious enough for both of them to sleep on their sides without bumping into each other. 
Therefore, when Cane didn’t return, Iris laid down on her side and dozed off, but it didn’t take long before she was woken up when someone suddenly touched her. 
Their strong arms sneaked around her waist and her neck, holding her close to his sturdy chest. 
Iris gave a start and opened her eyes in shock, she was about to scream, but then she saw it was actually Cane, who was holding her. He was hugging her from behind, burying his nose in the crook of her shoulder, as her hair tickled his face. 
"Al- alpha...?" Iris was not sure why he was being like this. Was he sleeping? Did he realize what he was doing? She was too stunned to think, as she could feel his strong heart beating against her back.
###Chapter 138: THEIR HEARTS WERE SO FAR APART
Chapter 138: THEIR HEARTS WERE SO FAR APART
Iris was sleeping when she felt someone hug her from behind, which shocked her, since their strong arms wrapped around her waist tightly and drew her closer to them. 
It was a man’s arms! 
Startled, Iris was about to scream when she turned her head and caught sight of Cane’s sleeping face. He had his face buried in her nape and breathed evenly. 
"Al- alpha...?" Iris’ eyes widened, as her face wore an anxious expression. Was he sleeping? Why was he hugging her tightly like this? 
All of a sudden, Iris felt her face become so hot as her throat dried. She wetted her lips and waited for Cane to move away from her, but he didn’t. 
"A- are you really sleeping?" Iris’ voice was so low, it sounded like a whisper and her skin became very sensitive when his warm breath caressed her neck. His strong heart was thumping against her back, because of how close they were. 
Iris could even feel her own heart beating so fast, but in the end, it fell into the same rhythm as his and it helped her to fall asleep again. 
The next day when she woke up, Cane was no longer there and there was a set of breakfast waiting on the table beside her bed. 
Iris pushed herself up and rubbed her sleeping face. She looked around her groggily and decided to wash her face first before she ate her breakfast. 
========================== 
"There is not much information about the efficacy of the Asturi stem I can find, but from what I gathered, the stem of the Asturi plant is used to lure poisonous beasts," Ethan reported to Cane after he was done trying to gather information on that item. 
Especially after he learned that the crown prince, Alan, also wanted the same thing and it was the order from the king. That old and lecherous sovereign must be up to something. 
"Poisonous beasts? What kind of poison beast?" Cane narrowed his eyes. He was in a good mood this morning because he had a good sleep last night, thanks to Iris. Somehow, holding her helped him to ward off his nightmares. 
Cane didn’t want to think about it too deeply and reasoned that it was the mate bond between them that helped him to calm down whenever he was with her. 
"Serpent and the like," Ethan said, he couldn’t say for sure because not many people sought out the Asturi stem. 
While the stem could be used to lure poisonous beasts, the flower itself was very poisonous, therefore, it was hard to get the stem. If you were not familiar with poison, it would be the end of you. 
"Serpent..." Cane rapped his fingers against the table, his eyes became slightly darker. "Poisonous beasts like serpents are mostly found in the North kingdom, Celestial Moon pack." 
The Celestial Moon pack was the only pack in the north, they lived surrounded by a fortress, where they had to ward off wave after wave of the monster attacks, most of which were caused by serpents and dragon subspecies. 
What did the king want the Asturi stem for? 
"You go out first and tell Nexus to investigate what happened in the Celestial Moon pack." Nexus was one of the six men that he met in the Bloody Wolf pack. His father’s spies. 
"Right away, Alpha," Ethan said. "Are there any more orders for the other men?" 
Cane thought about it for a while. "Is there any news from Aderan?" 
Aderan went to the Celestial Moon pack a few months ago in order to find a sorcerer, but the last piece of news that Cane received was on the day before they departed to the black market. 
"The last message was him finding a sorcerer in the Celestial Moon pack and trying to poach him to our side, but after that, there was no news from him." 
"Tell Nexus to find Aderan there and both of them can exchange the information," Cane said. 
That night, Ethan left the black market alone to meet with Nexus in the Arleen city and relayed the command from Cane. 
On the other hand, after they had gotten the rations and dried meat they needed, it was time for them to leave, but there was something that Cane wanted to check first and he needed Iris to come with him. 
"Where are we going?" Iris asked, as she followed Cane, walking a step behind. 
She would feel this strange feeling of being watched whenever she was in the public, but she couldn’t find out who that was. This made her restless. 
Cane said nothing, but he grabbed her hand all of a sudden to enter a shop, where he bought a huge hooded cloak to cover her auburn hair, which was very noticeable and also two masks for both of them.
Before they walked out of the shop again, Cane stopped to make sure there was no strand of her hair coming out of her hoodie and her face was indeed concealed behind the mask, with this, it was hard to tell that it was her. 
"Did you bring that creature?" Cane asked. 
"Yes, here." Iris showed her pouch to him and he nodded. This time, he took her hand to walk in the crowded street. 
Iris looked at his side profile and couldn’t help but remember what happened that night when he held her in his arms to sleep. 
But then, the moment they woke up, everything seemed like a dream. Cane didn’t say anything, it was not like there was something that needed to be said, but there was this tacit understanding between them that they wouldn’t discuss what happened at night in the morning. 
Cane was so different those two times. At night, he would hold her as if he didn’t want to let her go, but then when day came, he would put his guard so high and maintain some distance between them. He didn’t let anyone get close to him. 
Even though he was holding her hand right now, actually, their hearts were actually miles apart.
###Chapter 139: SERAFIM’S MYTICAL CREATURES
Chapter 139: SERAFIM’S MYTICAL CREATURES
Cane knew this place from Redmond, the place where you could buy all the information or at the very least, get someone to get the information for you. 
This place was owned by an old sorcerer and because of the exorbitant price, not anyone could afford his services. 
However, before they could meet with the sorcerer, there was a pageboy, who would ask what their business was. He would relay it to the sorcerer, but if that person didn’t deem the business was to his liking or worth his time, he would turn them down. 
"What do you want to know, Sir?" the pageboy asked, he looked so young, probably only eleven or twelve years old. He was standing behind the trellis, wearing shabby clothes that looked bigger for his thin body. Needless to say, he must have been a slave before he was bought and made to work here, even so he was still a slave. 
He looked so timid as he fidgeted nonstop, he was intimidated by the alpha’s towering figure. 
Cane tapped Iris’ shoulder and opened his palm. She understood and took out the little lizard from her pouch and dropped it on his palm. 
"Tell him, I want to ask about this," Cane said. He pinched the little creature by its tail and hung it in the air, as the little lizard breathed fire, but it was not enough to burn anything. 
The pageboy stepped closer to Cane and narrowed his eyes. He was not sure what to call this little creature, but he could describe it to the sorcerer. 
"Wait for a minute," the boy said, as he rushed into the house, leaving Cane and Iris alone in this secluded street. Not many people were passing by this side. 
Not only aboveground, even underground, the more secluded a place was, the more dangerous it could be. 
Iris tugged at his sleeve to get his attention, just like him tapping her shoulder whenever he wanted to speak to her. "Is it okay to let him know about this?" 
"It’s okay," Cane said, as he handed back the lizard to her, which she put inside her pouch. The color of the little lizard was no longer translucent red. It was simply red, but not as dark as her hair. 
"Oh..." Iris didn’t say anything again. 
Not long after that, the pageboy returned and opened the door for them to enter. He looked at Iris briefly, but then he led them to the innermost part of the house and knocked on a door. 
"Enter." 
An eerie sound reverberated from behind it and the door swung open, as if someone had pushed it open for them. 
"You can go inside," the pageboy said, as he stood at the side. He didn’t go in with them. 
Iris glanced at him, but he kept his head hung low and clasped his hands in front of his body, as if afraid to make a mistake. 
That was your fate when you became a slave, you would be punished even if you breathed in the wrong direction. 
Inside the room, there was this man, around the age of forty, who had been waiting for them. He was dressed in a simple white shirt and a pair of black pants, while his shoulder length hair was tied behind his nape. 
The room smelled of medicine and a few other acrid scents that made Cane knit his brows slightly because of his keen sense of smell. 
Iris followed behind him and looked around, until her eyes fell on a certain spot. There was a small box on the left shelf, which she was sure contained magic stones. Water magic stones to be precise. 
"I have never seen you here before..." The man said, as he walked back and forth between the bookshelves, putting back all the books that lay scattered around the room. He didn’t even offer Cane and Iris seats to sit down. 
Cane opened his palm again like before and Iris gave the little lizard to him. "I want to know what this is." He raised the little creature by its tail and tossed it to the man when he turned around to look. 
The little lizard flew in the air, breathing fire, as its tiny black eyes stared at Cane, surprised, for being tossed like a piece of trash. 
The sorcerer didn’t catch it, but he raised his hand and the lizard froze in the air, even the fire from its mouth froze as well, as if time stopped for this little creature. 
"Hm... interesting..." He looked at the creature a little bit closer. "I have never seen anything like this before..." he tapped his chin. "It should be a salamander, but this creature should have become extinct fifty years ago when the Serafim used all the salamanders to defend against the attack from the monsters in the Holy Kingdom." 
The sorcerer flicked his fingers in the direction of the lizard’s small body and it wriggled in the air, as if there was an invisible rope that was holding it. 
"Moreover, this creature is not originally from this continent." He made a waving motion and the lizard flew toward Cane, which he caught and gave back to Iris. "Where did you find it?" 
"Somewhere in the forest." 
The sorcerer furrowed his brows. "Weird." 
"Why is it weird?" 
"That thing is Serafim’s pet." He shrugged his shoulders and leaned his back against the bookshelf behind him. Actually, calling the salamander a ’pet’ was a degrading statement, he just simply didn’t like the holy priestess. "Her power is connected to creatures like that." 
Cane waited for the sorcerer to continue his explanation, but there was nothing more, thus he proceeded to ask. "What do you mean by creatures like that?" 
"Gnomes represent the earth, Undines represent the water, Salamanders represent the fire and Sylphs represent the air." He pointed his finger at the little lizard that Iris had just put back into her small pouch. "That is Salamander. Where did you find it? There is no way you found such a mythical creature in the forest when the current Serafim only has the Sylphs with her."
###Chapter 140: SOMETHING WAS BROKEN AND COULDN’T BE FIXED
Chapter 140: SOMETHING WAS BROKEN AND COULDN’T BE FIXED
Gnomes represent the earth, Undines represent the water, Salamanders represent the fire and Sylphs represent the air. 
Cane had heard that before, though his knowledge about Serafim from the Holy Kingdom was limited. If it was not for the magic stone trading, they wouldn’t be in a peace treaty with each other. 
While the magic users came from different continents, the only place that they could find the magic stones in this entire realm was in this Ogregon continent. 
It was ironic since they despised each other. The people from the Holy Kingdom thought of the shifters as no less than animals and barbaric brutes, since they could shift into their spirit animal, while the shifters didn’t like their high and pretentious attitude. 
They were nothing without their magic, which relied heavily on the magic stones. 
This was how the relationship of the Ogregon continent with the other four continents in this realm was, yet despite the disputes, they still coexisted together. 
"That is a Salamander. Where did you find it? There is no way you found such a mythical creature in the forest when the current Serafim only has the Sylphs with her." The sorcerer walked closer to Iris and was about to take off her hoodie and her mask when Cane grabbed his hand to stop him. 
"I don’t think I gave you permission to touch her." Cane looked at him deeply, a hint of warning spilling in the way he spoke. "Tell me more about Serafim and what happened fifty years ago." 
The sorcerer glared back at Cane, but he backed off immediately, since what he said was right. He was still bound to his code of ethics and would not jeopardize his business. 
More so, he didn’t have any desire to get to know more about something that had anything to do with Serafim. What he did was only out of pure curiosity and impulsiveness on his part. 
"There was a monster migration fifty years ago during which the Holy Kingdom was attacked and in order to protect the continent, the Serafim used all of her power, which resulted in the extinction of the fire Salamanders, since fire was an offensive attack, that poor creature took the brunt of what happened." 
"In other words, the Serafim can control mythical creatures?" 
The sorcerer turned around and continued to put away his books. "Not all. I don’t know the details, but from what I know, she definitely knows how to control her pet." 
Iris couldn’t read the rest of the conversation, because the sorcerer turned his body around and she couldn’t ask him to turn back, thus she glanced at Cane beside her, but his expression didn’t really give away what they were actually talking about. 
And what about this lizard? 
They stayed for another hour, but during that time, the sorcerer was busy moving around, which made it hard for Iris to follow their conversation. Her curiosity left her fidgeting in frustration. 
Not to mention her mask and hoodie that obstructed her vision. A few times she wanted to pull down her hoodie, but Cane would put his hand on top of her head to stop her, which made her lower her head even more. 
Cane tapped her shoulder and she looked at him. "We are leaving." 
And that was it. Iris had never been so frustrated to know something in her life. When they went out of the room, they met with the pageboy again, who escorted them out of the house. 
Once they were outside and the boy was about to close the door, Cane gave him a silver coin, which brightened his face. He grinned from ear to ear and thanked him profusely. 
However, Cane didn’t bother with him and walked away from there with Iris by his side. 
The walk was quiet as usual, Cane didn’t speak anything and Iris didn’t know how to ask him questions to curb her curiosity. 
In the end, they went back to their room and while Cane went out to see Redmond and Will, Iris went to take a bath, she dipped in warm water and stared blankly at the ceiling and then she shifted her attention to the lizard that perched on the bucket. 
"What did they talk about?" She pursed her lips. 
Only when the water had become cold did she emerge from the tub, dry herself and put on a dress. She felt energized, but also sleepy. She didn’t know whether this was night or day, because this place was akin to a massive cave with thousands of luminous pearls brightening it up round the clock. 
In the end, without anything to do, Iris took the book that Ethan had bought for her and read it until she fell asleep, but she woke up in the same state; Cane was hugging her from behind, while burying his face in her nape. 
He was sleeping, his breathing evened out and felt so warm against her skin. 
However, Iris was wide awake and wriggled her body, so she could face him. Even so, Cane didn’t stir awake, he looked so tired. Heavens knew what he had been doing in the past few days when he only returned to pass out like this. 
Iris took the liberty to stare at him, her eyes fell on the ghastly scar on his face, his knitted brows and how he pursed his lips. 
Seeing him so vulnerable like this felt so strange, because it was so different from the man that tortured her and had deflowered her the second time they met, or the man who had taken her roughly in the library. 
Iris still dreaded the memories, but then she remembered what he said the previous night when he started this habit of his to hug her while sleeping. 
I don’t want to do this... 
He didn’t want to do it. He was not that beast of a man that was driven by his lust. Amee had told her about his condition and his sex drive, which would spiral out of his control sometimes, therefore, he needed Aria to be by his side. 
Something in him was broken and couldn’t be fixed...
###Chapter 141: SOMEONE WAS HERE
Chapter 141: SOMEONE WAS HERE
Something was broken and couldn’t be fixed... 
Those ten years of slavery truly broke this alpha and his people to pieces, yet they refused to give up. Instead, they were determined to carry these scars for the rest of their life. 
They believed in him, that he could bring them out of the slavery and indeed, he did. They entrusted him with their lives and it was a huge responsibility that would drive one to loneliness. 
When there were many people leaning on you, you would have a hard time leaning on someone else, even if the weight of everything almost killed you. 
That was what the ugly side of bearing responsibilities looked like. 
Probably because Iris stared at him too intensely, the alpha opened his eyes feeling her heated gaze. Those eyes were very alert, as if he had not slept at all, which startled her. 
For a moment, time seemed to freeze. Both of them just stared at each other and Cane’s dark eyes looked very lucid. Did he even fall asleep earlier? 
His arms were still wrapped around her hips and their chests were pressed together, thus she could feel his heartbeat, so could he. 
Time seemed to stop and there seemed to be nothing else to think about. They only had each other in their eyes. 
But then, Iris saw how his brows knitted together. He was unhappy, maybe because his sleep was disrupted. 
Out of instinct, Iris raised her hand and caressed the furrow between his brows with her fingers gently. She thought he would swat her hand away for touching him. She heard he hated it when someone touched him, but he didn’t, instead, this made the alpha lower his gaze. 
Iris then became so bold, as she moved her hand around gingerly and patted his head. She remembered she did this that night and Cane fell asleep almost immediately. 
She was thrilled, she had never thought that she would be allowed to touch him like this. The feeling was surreal, this was almost like she was facing two different personalities of his. 
It was a magical moment, where he allowed someone to be so close to him and let them touch him. A rare moment, when he lowered his guard and showed a little bit of his vulnerable side. 
Gradually, his eyes closed and his breathing evened out, as he fell asleep again. 
Though this was not the first time that she managed to put him to sleep, Iris was still amazed that she could actually do that. 
"I hope you are no longer in pain," Iris said in a small voice and closed her eyes as well. 
Her hand fell out of rhythm when she fell asleep, as her hand rested on the side of his face. 
=========================== 
Because there was nothing else that they needed to do in the black market, the next night they planned to return to Arleen city, back to the same inn they stayed in when they arrived here for the first time, where Ethan had been waiting for them. 
But for now, they decided to stay in the same inn until the night came, thus they could cross the desert. 
Meanwhile, Iris was too sleepy, she was dog tired after she learned how to ride a horse the whole day with Redmond. She was not as painful as the first time she rode a horse, but still, her stamina couldn’t be compared to those shifters, who could run around even after a long journey. 
Right now, she was lying on the bed, trying to take a nap, but couldn’t sleep for long. 
From the window in her room, she was able to see the luminous night pearls embedded in the cave’s ceiling, casting golden light to every corner. It was a tranquil and peaceful time. 
But then, she saw a man, standing outside the window. He was wearing white shirt and a pair of black pants, his eyes were so green, like moss. 
Their eyes met and Iris was stunned, because she didn’t know what to do, since everything happened so fast when the man entered the room and approached her. 
He lifted the window glass and entered the room, his steps were so light like feathers, as if he was floating above the ground, instead of walking. 
The golden hue from the luminous pearls fell on his golden hair and it was a beautiful sight. Iris would have been entranced and enjoyed what she was seeing if it was not for the fact that this man was a stranger, who barged into her bedroom. 
"Who are you!?" Iris shrieked, she immediately got off the bed and glared at him, but the man only blinked his eyes and stopped walking, as if her fear made him hesitant to come closer to her. 
"Who are you? What are you doing here?" Iris asked, her voice full of wary, as she kept glancing at the door. She would run out of this room at the first chance, she knew that Cane and the others were just in the room next to hers. 
The man stared at her for a long time without saying anything, his eyes looking at her body up and down, but it was not a lewd gaze, more like he was trying to find something in her body, scrutinizing her. 
He didn’t move from his position, but Iris tried to move closer to the door, but then in a flash, he was already standing right in front of her. 
He cupped her face and stared into her eyes closely. He was so close, she could feel his warm breath fanning her face. Iris was about to raise her leg to kick him, but then, his green eyes flickered to the door and his figure disappeared in the blink of an eye. 
A second later, Cane entered the room and frowned when he saw Iris standing with a blanched expression, as if she just saw a ghost.
"What happened?" He looked around the room and picked up a strange scent in the air. "Someone was here." That was not a question, but a statement.
###Chapter 142: A MYSTERIOUS MAN
Chapter 142: A MYSTERIOUS MAN
Aside from Iris’ scent, which he was very familiar with, there was another scent that he couldn’t place. Someone was inside this room a moment ago, because the scent was still so strong, it actually lingered in this room. 
Cane knew that he was right when he saw Iris’ expression, she was stupefied. "What happened? Someone was here." He looked around him, but couldn’t find anyone. 
"There was a man. He came through the window," Iris said. She pointed at the window and Cane immediately looked outside. The window’s glass was open, but there was no sign of someone being there. 
The scent of that man must have been blown away with the wind, thus he couldn’t pinpoint the direction he had left. 
"What does he look like?" Cane closed the window and locked it before he approached Iris. His eyes were so calm, it was hard to read what he was thinking right now. 
"He looked so young, maybe twenty to twenty three years old, with green eyes and golden hair." Iris tried to remember her short encounter with that young man. 
"What did he say?" Cane narrowed his eyes and stood right in front of Iris, so she needed to crane her neck to look at him, because of the stark difference in their heights. 
"He didn’t say anything." 
"What did he do?" 
Iris’s cheeks dusted pink when she tried to explain, because no matter how she thought about their position earlier, it could cause a misunderstanding. "I was about to kick him, but I think he noticed someone was coming, so he stopped and disappeared, poof, just like smoke." She used her hands to emphasize her explanation. 
Cane looked at her closely, just like that man did, but this time, Iris shrunk back and lowered her head. 
Silence stretched between them in this room and Cane was deep in thought, until he heard the bell ringing in the distance, indicating that it was evening already. 
He tapped her shoulder to get her attention. "We will leave now." There was no way to find out who that man, who had entered this room, was. More so, they needed to leave this place, after Cane had sorted out all the things that he wanted to do in this black market. 
He didn’t come just to look for grains and dry meat. 
"Oh, yes..." Iris said softly and started to pack her things. Thankfully, she had enough sleep and felt a little bit better to have another long journey back to their pack. 
However, this time, Cane waited for her and together, they went to the first floor and had their dinner before they set out to leave the black market. 
"Where is Ethan?" Iris just noticed that the gamma was missing after they had their dinner. 
"He had already left, we will meet him in the Arleen city," Will replied. 
And then, they didn’t talk much. Cane didn’t talk about the mysterious man that had entered her bedroom and disappeared like smoke either. 
Because this was the black market, of course, there would be some sort of people. That man could be a magic user, but for what intention he came to see her, Cane couldn’t think of a reason for that. 
Their plan was to leave the black market after this dinner, but when Iris was about to finish her meal, she could feel the tension from the three men at the table and lifted her head only to see their eyes fixed on a certain someone behind her back. Their eyes were filled with malice. 
Out of instinct, Iris turned around to see who was that, only to figure out it was the crown prince, Alan, and his old advisor, Corry Maleen, along with five guards behind them. 
"Here you are! I thought we would never see each other again!" Alan said smugly, he walked closer to Cane’s table, while Corry kept frowning, he was trying to tug his sleeve and stop this clueless crown prince of his, but it was a futile attempt. 
"I hope I will never see him again, actually," Will muttered under his breath, while Redmond snickered. 
"We are leaving now," Cane said curtly, as he stood up, but at the same time the crown prince came closer to him and blocked their way. 
The five men behind him also surrounded them, which attracted a few people’s attention. 
Iris also stood up when Redmond and Will fell into positions behind Cane. They looked at the crown prince and the other people with him frostily. 
"Who told you that you can leave?!" Alan looked so haughty, while Corry looked so distressed by his actions. They shouldn’t have provoked Cane in the first place and avoided him altogether. 
However, as usual, Cane didn’t waste his breath and focused on making his way out of there, followed by Will and Redmond, who took Iris with them as well. 
Yet, before they could reach the door, one of the guards that Alan brought with him blocked his way and locked the entrance door, trapping them inside. 
People around the table became more and more interested in what would happen next. Some of them knew that this was the crown prince, but since your title meant nothing in this place, they didn’t look at him deferentially. He was the same as the others. 
On the other hand, Alan moved around Redmond and snatched Iris’ hand to pull her to his side, something that they didn’t expect. 
Iris shrieked and tried to wriggle her hand, but his grip was so tight and she felt her bone would break because of it. This man didn’t even consider his strength at all. 
"I will borrow her for a while," Alan sneered at Cane, who looked at him frigidly. "Don’t worry, I will return her in one piece after Lou is done with her." 
However, after saying that and before anyone could react, Alan suddenly let go of Iris’ hand abruptly, as if he had just been electrocuted. 
His glaring eyes landed on her. "What is that?!"
###Chapter 143: SHE COULD LEAN AGAINST HIM
Chapter 143: SHE COULD LEAN AGAINST HIM
Iris was startled when Alan dragged her away from Redmond’s side all of a sudden and told his men to surround the alpha, Will and Redmond, so they couldn’t do anything to help her. 
No matter how much she tried struggling to get away from his grip, she couldn’t free herself, instead, his grip became only tighter and she felt like he was going to crush her bones. 
This despicable man! 
Right at that time, Iris remembered the little lizard and opened her pouch a little bit, just enough for its little head to poke out of the pouch around her waist and shoot fire at his hand. She didn’t know how, but somehow, she knew that she could make this little creature do what she wanted it to do. 
It came so naturally to her, just like breathing. 
"AH! What was that?!" Alan immediately let go of her hand, but when he raised his hand to take a look at the ’assaulted’ part, the burning was already healed. 
Actually, that kind of fire wouldn’t harm him, but Alan didn’t expect to feel the burning sensation, thus he became hysterical. He had a tendency to be a little bit dramatic from how Iris saw it. 
Thankfully, because all of their attention was on Cane and the others, no one saw how Iris’ little lizard had taken care of her offender. 
Once he freed her hand, Iris immediately rushed toward Redmond and stood behind him, while Alan was still wailing like a little boy. 
"What have you done? What was that?!" He looked angry because he lost his grip on Iris. Lou refused to give him the Asturi stem, no matter how much he offered to pay. He wanted that girl. Why would he want that deaf girl? 
"What happened, My Prince?" Corry immediately went to his side. He was confused, but he couldn’t see any injuries. 
"She burned me!" Alan pointed an accusatory finger at Iris, as he wailed agitatedly. He must have never been hurt before to fuss so much over such a little move. 
"I didn’t do anything," Iris said, she opened both of her palms to show him that she wasn’t holding anything that could burn him. Her big, blue eyes looked at him innocently. 
That was right, it was not her who had done it, it was her little lizard, so she didn’t lie. 
Alan and Corry didn’t have any idea how she could burn him, but of course, the three men around Iris knew what was going on. They sneered in their hearts. 
"If you don’t have anything to do, get lost!" Cane was furious because Alan’s man was still blocking his way. He shoved the man aside, which caused him to tumble on the floor. He used so much strength when he did that and the powerful aura that surrounded him was unmatched, even compared to the crown prince. 
"Alpha Cane, we can talk about this peacefully, you don’t need to be so angry, you know how Alan is. I hope you don’t take this matter seriously." Corry then bravely added with a light tone. "In this place, his title meant nothing, but you don’t live in this place forever, do you?" 
As expected of an advisor, his words were so smooth, even when he was throwing threats at the alpha. 
Cane narrowed his eyes, as he calculated the situation. Being on the royal family’s bad side was not something that he could afford any time soon with his pack’s current condition, he had to tread his path carefully. 
"What do you want?" Cane asked coldly. He didn’t really back down, but he was open for a discussion. 
"Don’t you hear me?! I want that woman! Give her to me!" Alan was furious. His hand was no longer in pain, but he didn’t like it when he was being attacked like that, especially by a woman, a runt on top of that. His big ego couldn’t take it. "Give her to me or else, I will make you regret it once we get out of here!" 
"’That woman’ is my luna. There is a rule for this out of this black market, you will not live in this place forever, will you?" Cane talked to Alan, but his eyes were directed at Corry instead. "Open the door." This time, Cane didn’t talk to Alan. He ordered Will to open the door instead. 
Corry used the mind-link to calm Alan down. Whatever he said, it seemed, it managed to make the crown prince step aside and let them go. 
Will opened the door for them and Cane took Iris’ hand, as he walked out of this inn, under the infuriated glare of Alan. 
Outside, there were three horses that had been waiting for them, but this time, Cane helped Iris onto his own horse, instead of letting her go with Redmond as usual. 
"I can go with Redmond." Iris was trying to remind him, but Cane said nothing, as he mounted the horse and overwhelmed her with his masculine scent. He looked so calm, despite being so aggressive a moment ago. "I will go with..." 
"Quiet." 
That was only a single word, but it managed to mum her. This was the second time for her to ride the horse with him. His strong arms caged her body, making her feel safe, but she was so tense. 
Iris could be casual when she was with Redmond, she could lean her body forward and rest against his back, since she was sitting behind him, but right now, Cane made her sit on the front and the only option for her was to lean her back against his chest. Would he allow it? 
All the way from the inn to the exit gates of the black market, Iris tried to keep her body straight, but she was not sure that she could keep the same up for a half day more journey. 
Yet, as if sensing how tense her body was, it was Cane who pushed her body against his chest, as if telling her that she could lean against him.
###Chapter 144: I NEED YOUR MATE TO FIND IT
Chapter 144: I NEED YOUR MATE TO FIND IT
Cane pushed Iris’ body against his, so she could lean on him instead of being so taut and hurting herself. He knew that she was still in pain learning how to ride a horse all day the day before, thus it wouldn’t help her or him if she kept being so tense. 
On the other hand, Iris licked her lips at the gesture, she was unsure if this was alright, but then when she let her weight fall on him, he didn’t say anything, even when she wriggled her body to find a comfortable position, Cane still said nothing. 
This made Iris smile, she could finally relax and not dread their long journey back to the Arleen city. Actually, this was way more comfortable than riding with Redmond, because she wouldn’t be afraid of falling if she felt sleepy, since Cane’s strong arms would keep her in place. 
However, before they could reach the exit gates, someone blocked their path and made their horses almost run into him. 
Cane didn’t pull the horse to a stop until it was so close to that man, as if he would really run him over, which caused him to tumble back and fall on his butt. 
"Alpha Cane! You are so ruthless!" Lou grumbled, as he stood up and rubbed his back. His butt hurt, but once he faced the alpha, he was all smiles. "Long time no see, Alpha." 
Lou grinned from ear to ear, as he glanced at Iris, who was sitting on top of the horse. Cane’s body towered above hers, making the stark difference between them look very clear. Iris looked so small compared to the alpha. 
"I thought you wanted to get the Asturi stem. I waited for you, but you didn’t come, so I humbled myself to come looking for you." 
Lou was still wearing his red cloak and looked very dandy, if only he was wearing a dress and had long hair, he surely would look even prettier than the queen herself. 
"Scram!" Cane glared at him and made the horse raise its front legs, as if about to kick away the annoying man. 
He was not a shifter, so if the horse really kicked him, he would suffer serious injuries. However, despite knowing that, he still stood in front of them with his brilliant smile, which Redmond found annoying. 
Redmond didn’t like this man at all, ever since he met him for the first time when he went to the Rosantine guild with Mason. 
"Ck, ck." Lou clicked his tongue. The alpha didn’t even get down from his horse when he talked to him, making the respected guild master look like a peasant. 
Fine. 
Lou was very curious about that girl with auburn hair, thus he couldn’t help but lower his ego. And when he learned that the stupid crown prince had failed to bring her to him, he went there by himself. 
But, this alpha didn’t give him face at all and acted so arrogantly. If this was any other day, he wouldn’t let just anyone treat him like this. 
"Can’t we talk over dinner? I have a jar of good wine, you must try our Karam wine first before you leave. You will not be able to find it anywhere." 
This time, Lou didn’t talk in Kars, but he used this continent’s language. 
"Let’s go, there is no need to talk to him. He is a swindler," Redmond said begrudgingly, as he moved his horse away, but to their surprise, the alpha agreed to that. 
"Okay." And after saying that, he made the horse turn around, toward the black market, and rode away. 
Will didn’t expect this, but he followed his alpha immediately, while Redmond grumbled under his breath. He didn’t have any other option but to follow as well, leaving Lou alone behind. 
"Wait! Is there no one willing to give me a lift?" Lou was gobsmacked by their rudeness. "Fine! What a bunch of annoying shifters! They really lack humanity!" 
It didn’t take long before Lou arrived as well, he was riding a dainty white horse, which only made him look even more extravagant in his red cloak. He nimbly got down before one of his subordinates took the horse away. 
The sight of it made Will and Redmond cringe. Didn’t the rumors say that the Karam people were barbaric? What was with him? Was he an exception? 
"Come inside!" Lou said cheerfully, waving his hand to make them follow him into the house, as if he was not cursing along the way from the exit gates to here, because they abandoned him. "Bring our best wine for our guests!" 
Cane helped Iris to get down from the horse. The only reason he agreed to come here was because Iris told him about the mines behind that door. She said there was a mine filled with a lot of water magic stones inside. 
They went into the house and sat down in the waiting room, it was similar to the one from yesterday when Cane had to wait for Lou with Alan. 
"I want to see the Asturi stem first." Cane got down to business once they were inside the house. He didn’t even sit down, as he stood behind Iris’ chair. His domineering aura filled the room with tension in no time. 
"You are very impatient, aren’t you?" Lou chuckled, but when no one laughed with him, he coughed lightly and ordered his subordinate to bring over the item. 
"What kind of pet do you want me to get?" Cane asked. He was not here to drink with him. Moreover, there was another matter that he had to get done. 
"Lil Thing!" Lou said with an exaggerated sigh. "This animal went into that room a week ago and refuses to come out." 
What nonsense. How could a room with its door sealed by magic be entered freely? Both of them knew how ridiculous the story was, but Lou was so shameless to insist on that story line. 
"That’s why, I need your mate to find it." 
"If even you can’t find it, what makes you think she can?"
###Chapter 145: STEALING THE STONE
Chapter 145: STEALING THE STONE
What the guild master spouted thus far was utter bullshit. How could his pet enter a door that was sealed by magic? 
"I need your mate to find it." Lou looked at Iris with interest, though he was talking with Cane right now. His eyes were filled with curiosity upon seeing her auburn hair. 
Auburn hair and clear blue eyes... those were not common traits in this continent. About that, he was very sure. 
And that kind of gaze didn’t go unnoticed in Cane’s observant eyes. "If even you can’t find it, what makes you think she can?" 
"Huh?" Lou seemed to recover his wits and laughed awkwardly. He didn’t think of that question at all. "Lil Thing is very special and I am sure your mate will be able to call it out of its hideout." 
Even Will was able to realize that this man was talking pure rubbish, but he didn’t voice his opinion, while Redmond had long ignored the conversation, because he knew this man was a swindler and it was already a mistake for them to come here in the first place. 
"What kind of place is that?" 
"Just an abandoned cave." Lou shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. 
"Just an abandoned cave? So, there is nothing inside, right?" Cane repeated the same thing. He looked at the head of the guild and nodded. "Okay." Even though his excuse didn’t make any sense, he still agreed. 
Will and Redmond frowned. They knew the alpha was up to something, but they didn’t know what it was, thus they could only wait and see what he was going to do. 
"So, what are you waiting for?" Cane asked, as he took Iris’ hand. 
The corners of Lou’s lips twitched, this was his place, his guild and his request, but why did he feel like he was the one who was being ordered around? While this alpha could do whatever? This didn’t feel right at all. 
But, even when he was thinking that way, he couldn’t retaliate against him, which only vexed him further. 
"Only you two will go inside, the rest will wait here," Lou grumbled, as he led the way. 
Upon hearing that, Redmond and Will were about to argue, but Cane shot them a glance, which silenced them, as they could only watch their retreating backs disappear from their view. 
"What kind of person is this Lou?" Will looked at Redmond once it was only the two of them inside this waiting room. 
Redmond flopped down and grumbled again. "A busy body," he replied curtly, but that was all, because that was the truth. 
On the other hand, Iris glanced at Cane beside her, as she could feel his callous hand wrapped around hers. His hand was so big and warm and it gave her a sense of security. It was weird she felt that way about the man that had hurt her. 
This was the second time they were here and the same old man had been waiting for them in front of the door, before he opened it. Iris watched how the door glowed with golden light before it was opened. 
"Here." Lou leaned lazily against the door frame and glanced at Iris once again, before he looked at Cane. "Thank you for your cooperation. I hope to see my Lil Thing again." 
Cane said nothing and walked past the door with Iris close to him. "How can I get out of here?" 
"Don’t worry, he will be inside as well." Lou nodded at the old man who stepped in as well before closing the door behind him. And right now, it was only the three of them behind the door, while Lou was on the opposite side. "I hope to see my Lil Thing very soon!" Lou shouted. 
However, inside the cave, Cane ignored him completely. 
"Are we going to find the animal?" Iris lifted her head to look at him. 
"No." Cane shook his head and then walked further inside the cave, so the old man couldn’t see or hear them. "Find the stones." 
She knew it! 
Iris couldn’t help but chuckle. Cane wouldn’t have come here again if she didn’t tell him that this cave was filled with water magic stones. 
"Is there something funny?" Cane frowned at her happy little face. 
Iris immediately stopped herself and shook her head. "I- I will start looking for the stones," she said hurriedly. 
Actually, she didn’t need to look for them, because they were literally surrounded by the stones right now, but Iris tried to keep herself busy. 
"Are you sure that this is alright?" Iris was a little bit hesitant. 
"This is an abandoned cave, he said it himself." 
"Should we find the pet first?" 
"I have never said that I will find it." 
Okay, fine. The alpha became very cunning. 
"Here and here..." Iris pointed out the spots where he could find the stone, while Cane easily dug into the stone wall and retrieved the magic stones from the crumbling rock. He could do it without any tools. 
Because of how efficient they were, within an hour, Cane had dug out around fifteen water magic stones and the number would only increase. 
At this point, both of them had forgotten about their mission to come here in the first place, as they enjoyed what they were doing. 
In Iris’ mind, these stones could be sold and they would get more money, but she was not sure what was in Cane’s mind, since he looked so calm and serious with what they were doing right now. 
But, whatever it was, Iris liked this quiet moment between the two of them. 
Iris tugged at Cane’s sleeve and then pointed at the small mound of stones on the other side. "How do we carry them out?" 
Right now, there were around thirty stones the size of two fingers each that had been piled into a tiny mountain, therefore it wouldn’t be easy to carry them out with only both of them. 
However, Cane was already prepared, as he took off his travel cloak and put all the stones inside, before folding it like a bag. 
"Don’t you feel like we are stealing these stones?" 
"No," Cane replied simply, guilt- free.
###Chapter 146: LIL THING
Chapter 146: LIL THING
Iris felt like they were robbing Lou by taking these many stones from his place, more so she was not used to acting like this, thus she felt guilty, adding that to the fact Cane didn’t show any indication that he would search for the pet. 
She tugged at Cane’s sleeve. "Don’t you feel like we are stealing these stones?" She asked hesitantly. 
"No, this is an abandoned cave," Cane replied simply. "Find more." 
Iris grimaced, but she was curious enough to see how Lou would react when he learned that Cane robbed him right under his nose, under his own roof. 
All her life, she had struggled to survive under her brother’s torture and tried to help the slaves as much as she could, but she didn’t know you could fool others like this with wordplay and Cane was really good at it. 
Oh, the more Iris saw it, the more Cane seemed undaunted and even a little bit... brazen. 
"What are you waiting for?" Cane frowned when Iris looked at him intensely, deep in her thought, until she didn’t realize that she had been gawking at the alpha. 
Iris hurriedly lowered her head and then moved away from him to find more stones hidden inside the rocks. 
An important thing that you had to pay attention to when you were digging out the magic stones was; you couldn’t do it carelessly, because the magic stone was a frangible item, once your tool hit it and it cracked, it would turn into something invaluable. 
Therefore, it took time to get the magic stones out, let alone the effort to find the exact location. But, Iris could do it without any problem. 
As Iris moved away to find more stones, Cane stood up all of a sudden when he heard something approaching them. 
The sound of its footsteps echoed in this cave and from how the ground was shaking a little bit, you would know the creature approaching you was big enough to create such vibration just by moving. 
Iris seemed to feel the ground shaking as well, as she retraced and stood next to Cane. "What happened? Is something happening?" She looked at his grim expression. 
"Stay back," Cane said curtly, he pushed Iris aside and handed the bundle filled with magic stones to her. 
After that, he shifted into his black wolf and stood right in front of Iris. His wolf was bigger than any other shifter because he was the alpha, the height of this wolf even reached Iris’ shoulders. It was twice her size. She could literally ride him. 
Well, she wouldn’t dare to think about that... 
The black wolf stood guard in front of Iris, as its golden eyes looked intensely at a certain point behind the stalactites. A low growl could be heard rumbling out of its throat, a warning. 
Iris couldn’t hear that, but she could see how the wolf was ready to tear its opponent apart once it felt danger approaching them. 
However, after they waited for a bit, the ground stopped shaking and instead of that, Cane heard a soft whiny sound from behind the stalagmites. 
Iris frowned because the ground stopped shaking, but she didn’t have any idea about the whiny sound. As far she could see, the black wolf moved toward a certain point, where he had been glaring at. 
Her heart beat so fast, because she was afraid something bad would happen or they would meet some ferocious monsters. 
Iris tried to crane her neck, but she couldn’t see things here, aside from the light from the luminous night pearls that scattered around the cave, there was no source of light here, thus it was rather dim and to be left alone like this, made Iris conscious of her surroundings. 
"Alpha?" Iris tried to call him. She was upset because she couldn’t hear a thing. Was there a fight? Were there roars? A growl? Was there a commotion? 
But if that was the case, the old man, who was standing near the door would come to check, right? Or he went out and left them here? 
"Alpha?" Iris tried to call him again, but there was no way for her to know even if the black wolf replied to her. 
And after some time, Iris braced herself and walked closer toward where Cane had gone, hugging the bundle of water magic stones in her arms. She looked vigilant, as she tried to gauge the situation. 
There were a lot of stalagmites here, thus it obscured her vision. 
Not too far, she saw a river and the black wolf, it was Cane’s beast, but he stayed still for a bit, as if puzzled and then shifted back into his human form. 
Seeing that, Iris assumed they were no longer in danger, therefore, she approached him. 
"What happened?" Iris followed his line of sight and gasped at what she saw. "What is that?" She blinked her eyes in disbelief. 
Right in front of her was a polar bear, as big as Cane, its fur was pure white with emerald eyes. A golden necklace hung around its thick neck. 
"Is that the pet that he wants?" Cane knitted his brows. "Lil Thing?" He scoffed disdainfully. "That crazy guild master..." 
Which part of that thing was little? Even its paw was the size of Iris’ face. 
Cane was sure this big fur ball was the pet that Lou had called Lil Thing, because of the golden necklace. Who would be crazy enough to give an expensive golden necklace to a random creature. Moreover, buried in its fur was a thumb sized ruby stone. 
However, it was not the only thing that Cane noticed, but also the fact that this creature was sitting leisurely against the stalagmite and crushed the stalactite above him, as it ate the rock. 
"That bear is eating the water magic stone," Iris said. 
Only after she mentioned it, did Cane notice the shards of magic stones. 
But then, the bear tossed the piece of stalactite away and looked at Iris with interest and moved lazily toward her.
###Chapter 147: THE GREEDY ALPHA
Chapter 147: THE GREEDY ALPHA
By any means... this bear didn’t even look scary or dangerous at all. How could a creature that was having a hard time moving its own butt like this could put you in danger? 
Cane didn’t even move when the bear dragged its big tummy toward Iris and nuzzled the bundle in her arms. This bear knew that this bundle was filled with the water magic stones and wanted a share. 
And when Iris didn’t move, it started to whine pitifully, trying to get her sympathy while acting all cute and spoiled. 
"You want this?" Iris took out one of the water magic stones and the bear rolled on the ground happily. "Is it really a bear? Why does it act like a dog?" She murmured to herself. 
The bear slobbered her hand and crunched on the water magic stone, just like a little kid who got a candy. 
Iris laughed lightly, but when she saw the bear’s saliva on her hand, she grimaced. Agh... she used Cane’s cloak, which was now the makeshift bundle in her arms to wipe it off, while the bear seemingly enjoyed the treat. 
"Is there a creature that eats magic stones?" Iris looked at Cane puzzled, but the alpha didn’t seem to have any idea about this either. 
"Let’s go. We found it." Cane walked away. 
Actually, it would be right to say that this bear was the one that found them... 
Iris followed Cane, so did the white bear. It rolled its body lazily and moved its chubby butt to follow her, asking for more treats. 
"How extravagant is this beast to snack on a magic stone?" Iris mumbled. Where did the rich merchant get a pet like this? 
But right at that time when Iris was puzzled over this strange bear, the little lizard on her pouch poked its head out curiously. 
Not only that, it jumped out of the pouch and perched on the bear’s muzzle and what happened next was something that Iris didn’t expect at all. 
It happened so fast, she couldn’t even react in time. 
The little lizard perched on the bear’s muzzle, but then the bear caught it quickly. This was a quick movement, especially after she witnessed how lazy this big fur ball was moving, and then swallowed it. 
"Arggh!" Iris screamed in panic, which made Cane turn around in an instant, thinking the bear bit her or something. 
But what he saw was; Iris pointing her finger at the bear, while the creature sat looking all docile with its foolish expression, munching on something. 
"What happened?" Cane was confused, there was nothing out of the ordinary that happened here. She wasn’t even hurt, nor was she injured. 
"That furball ate my lizard!" Iris cried in panic. She was on the verge of tears. If Lou thought of that bear as his pet, so did Iris with her lizard. 
Actually, it was not a lizard, but a fire salamander, but in her eyes, they looked the same.
Hearing that, Cane was at a loss. What should he do? He was curious about the lizard, but he didn’t mind if he had to lose it either. As for that silly bear, he didn’t think he would be able to make it spit the lizard, but then Iris was tugging at his sleeve, urging him to do something to save her little pet. 
Fortunately, just a few seconds later, the bear spat out the lizard on its own, as the little creature tumbled on the dirt, a wisp of smoke emerging from its mouth. It seemed this little one had tried to burn the bear’s mouth from inside, which caused it to spat it out. 
"Oh!" Iris immediately crouched down and wiped the little lizard and put it safely into her pouch, after that, she approached the bear and snapped angrily. "Bad bear!" 
At this point, Cane had walked away, he didn’t want to waste his time with those silly creatures, as they needed to go back to the Arleen city and leave this pack as soon as possible. 
If it was not for a good chance to snatch these many water magic stones, he wouldn’t even have come here. 
"Open the door and call your master," Cane said curtly to the old man. 
The old man was surprised to see the white bear, but it was not like this was his first time to see it, thus that chubby bear must be the so-called Lil Thing. 
He opened the door and right behind it was Lou, he smiled brightly to see the white bear and immediately rushed forward to hug his pet. 
"Lil Thing!" 
Cane beckoned Iris to come with him, because he didn’t want to be there to witness such a sentimental reunion between the two weird creatures. 
Iris rushed toward him and left the cave with her bundle, but the bear whined, wanting to follow her. 
It took Cane around three to four hours to leave that cave with Iris, thus when he returned to the waiting room, Redmond and Will had become impatient and were about to question their whereabouts. 
"I thought I will never see you again," Redmond said to Iris with exaggeration, which made her purse her lips. "What is that?" He pointed to the bundle. 
"Water magic stones," Iris replied in a low voice, but it was not low enough, because Lou, who just entered the room with the bear behind him, heard that. 
"You took my water magic stones!" Lou hollered. "How can you find that many stones?!" No wonder Lil Thing wanted to follow her. 
"That’s an abandoned cave, remember? You said it yourself." Cane stood in front of Lou. "Now, where is the Asturi stem?" 
Based on the rule of this continent, an abandoned place had no owner, thus whatever you found there, it would belong to you. The same rule was applied here. 
Lou was furious, he didn’t believe what he heard. "You just robbed my water magic stones and you want the Asturi stem as well?! Don’t you think that you are so greedy?!"
###Chapter 148: MISCHIEVOUS GIRL
Chapter 148: MISCHIEVOUS GIRL
Lou was lost for words for a moment when Cane dared enough to ask for the Asturi stem after he literally robbed him off the magic stones, but then he was having an outburst. 
"You just stole my water magic stones and you want the Asturi stem as well?! Don’t you think that you are so greedy?!" He shot a dagger look at the bundle in Iris arms, while trying to keep Lil Thing from going forward, approaching her. 
"Deal is a deal," Cane said coldly, he looked at Lou squarely. He definitely knew what he was doing, but the alpha simply couldn’t care less about that. "Where is the Asturi stem?" 
"You must be sick in the head if you think I will give you the Asturi stem! Give me my stones first!" Lou was furious, his beautiful face contorted with unhappiness at this turn of events. 
Cane simply gave him a look and then walked out of the waiting room, indicating that Lou could bark all he wanted, but he wouldn’t cater to his demand. 
However, before he walked out of the door, he turned around and beckoned Iris to come to him, which made the bear knock Lou aside and frantically follow her. 
Actually, Cane’s main goal was getting the water magic stones. He had never wanted to get the Asturi stem in the first place, but because this foolish bear followed Iris around, it didn’t hurt to get the exact same thing that the crown prince wanted. He wanted to know what the king would do with this poisonous vegetation. 
On the other hand, Redmond and Will grasped the gravity of the situation quite fast, since they knew Iris’ ability. 
Both of them made way for the white bear, as it followed Iris looking all docile. 
"Stop right there!" Lou was furious. He chased after his bear, stomping his feet. "How dare you take my pet away!" 
"Actually, your pet is the one that is following them, you should train that thing not to follow strangers," Redmond cackled behind him, as Will shot him a glance. He didn’t want to make a ruckus and this man’s intention was clear, he simply wanted to provoke Lou. 
Ignoring what Redmond said, the guild master glared at the alpha and then huffed. "Fine! Here! Take it!" He fished something out of his pocket and tossed it to Cane. "Give at least five water magic stones, so Lil Thing can stay behind, after that, all of you can get lost!" 
At this moment, Cane was helping Iris to sit on the horse, while Will and Redmond mounted their horses as well. 
Iris, who kept staring back and forth between Cane and Lou until them, fixed her eyes on the alpha, who was about to mount the horse as well. 
Only after Cane nodded did Iris slip her hand inside the bundle, but it was not five as what Lou demanded, but only one, as she hurled it as far as she could. 
Lil Thing saw it and immediately rushed toward the stone, knocking the old man aside, as he tumbled against Lou. 
Unexpectedly, Iris had good arm strength, as she tossed the stone quite far away. It provided enough time for them to leave, while leaving the bear behind. The corners of Lou’s lips twitched, watching what transpired. This young woman was a little bit mischievous and petty... 
On the side, Redmond, who saw this laughed without scrupulousness, he mocked the head of the guild openly, while Will chuckled lightly. 
"Give the bundle to Redmond," Cane said to Iris, which she complied with. "Wash your hands." He then gave a waterskin to her to wash her hands. 
"Why is this wet?" Redmond mumbled, as he felt the bundle was a little bit slicky. 
And with that, Cane’s small party left with the Asturi stem and a bunch of water magic stones. They really didn’t waste their time there. 
Once they left, the anger on Lou’s face immediately dissipated, as he grinned at their retreating backs. His eyes flashed with excitement, but this only made the old man, who was standing beside him, shudder. 
Every time his master smiled like that, he would be busy brewing a plan in his mind. 
"Master, the girl can sense magic stones," he stated. 
"Yes, just like I had expected." He cackled and then muttered to himself. "Howling Wolf pack..." 
=============================== 
Because they had to stay behind for a few hours to get the water magic stones from Lou’s hidden mine, they were still in the Lucent Sand desert when the sun rose and the heat was so suffocating. 
At night, the sand would look so beautiful, shimmering like stars, even without the moonlight, but once the sun rose, the sand could burn your feet, because it would be so torrid here. 
Iris felt her skin burning and she was having a hard time breathing because it was too hot and humid for her, but they couldn’t stop, or else, their situation would be even worse than this. 
Cane even let her drink their last waterskin, but it didn’t help much. 
Only when they got out of the desert and returned to Arleen city, could they breathe a sigh of relief, but Iris had lost her consciousness. Her body was burning. 
"Find a healer," Cane said, as he carried Iris to their inn, where Ethan had been waiting for them. 
"What happened to her?" The gamma asked, he frowned so hard to see how red Iris’ face was. 
On the other hand, Redmond had dashed out of the inn to find a healer. He knew this place pretty well, thus it was not hard for him to find one. He soon brought an old healer to check Iris’ condition. 
"She needs plenty of rest and can’t take a long journey in the meantime, I will come back in two days to look at her again." The old healer wrote down a prescription and handed it to Redmond. "Her fever will go down by tomorrow." 
"Cane." Ethan pulled Cane aside. "It is the new moon in two days."
###Chapter 149: CANE WAS SICK OF IT
Chapter 149: CANE WAS SICK OF IT
"Cane." Ethan pulled Cane aside, as he spoke in a low voice, so it was only the alpha who could hear him. "It is the new moon in two days." 
Their original plan was; in two days, they would have headed back to the Howling Wolf pack and would be in the mountains. At that time, Cane could be with Iris, while Ethan would make an excuse to send Redmond and Will away. 
Right, even Will didn’t know about Cane’s predicament. 
He had seen it before how the lycan was calm enough with Iris close to him, based on that knowledge, it was safe to say the lycan wouldn’t run rampant with her there and they could go through the night and keep the secret safe. 
However, it would be too risky if they let him shift in the middle of this populace, with so many people around. 
They would immediately know about the lycan if there was a mishap. It was too risky to stay behind. 
Ultimately, Cane didn’t need Ethan’s reminder to remember all of that, he was highly aware, after all, that was the reason he brought Iris along to begin with. 
They had spent a lot of time in the black market, more than they predicted. 
"What are you going to do about this then?" Ethan looked at Cane, but before the latter could answer him, Will came into the room. 
At this time, Redmond was walking the healer out and after that, he would go buy the medicine for Iris. 
"Alpha, this is not good," Will said, he looked flustered and his face indicated that whatever he was going to say would be anything but good for them. "Alpha Gallot is downstairs with the Crown Prince, he knows we are here." 
"That damned prince! I really want to cut his tongue, so he will not be able to blabber anymore!" Ethan was seething. Who else would tattle to Alpha Gallot if it were not him?! 
It would have been fine even if Alpha Gallot knew they had been there after they left his pack, but right now, they couldn’t even leave with Iris being sick. 
"Why didn’t you kill him in the black market?! It will save us a lot of time and trouble!" Ethan couldn’t stop cursing, while Will waited for Cane’s orders. 
Despite the situation not being in their favor, Cane still looked unperturbed, he was calm enough to tell them to stay with Iris in this room. 
"Are you going to meet him?" Ethan was puzzled. 
"Do you expect me to run away?" Cane glanced at his gamma briefly and left. 
Ethan was speechless. He knew that Cane was a taciturn man. And after all those years of torture that they had endured together, the more he kept everything to himself. He rarely talked about what was in his mind and only told them the things that they needed to know or gave a bunch of orders, as if he was determined to take the brunt all by himself and not share it. 
On the other hand, Cane climbed down the stairs and found Alpha Gallot, the alpha of the Moon Dew pack, was about to climb the stairs after finding the room that he was staying in. 
"Alpha Cane!" Alpha Gallot greeted him enthusiastically, his eyes lit up at the sight of him. 
Alpha Gallot was a big man, his body was so tall, he reached over two meters in height, with black hair and brown eyes, he could be considered as a big man even among the other shifters. 
"I didn’t know that you came here. Why didn’t you let me know? I would have thrown a welcome party for you in my pack house!" His voice thundered, as he guffawed. "I will feel offended if you come to my pack without giving me any notice." 
Though his voice was light, Cane could feel that he was not pleased with his decision to go to his pack incognito. 
"I don’t intend to stay for long, so I will not bother you. I know you are very busy." Cane stopped in front of Alpha Gallot. He was the same age as his father and they had met a few times before when his father was still alive. 
Alpha Gallot was not a lecherous man like the other five alphas in the south kingdom, but he was a treacherous one. 
It took Cane great pains to get his disapproval against the king’s order for the matters in the Blue Moon pack. If he could, he would stay away from him. He was not easy to deal with. 
"Why are you so formal with me?!" Gallot wrapped his arm around Cane’s shoulders. "I have prepared a welcome party for the crown prince, you also need to come! I heard you have brought your mate along? Gerald’s daughter? You really know how to choose a woman." 
Gallot didn’t mean to mock him for choosing his enemy’s daughter, but he was implying the Blue Moon pack, after all the king agreed to leave that pack in Cane’s hands because Iris was his mate. 
"Where is she? I have never seen her, even when I went to the Blue Moon pack, that Gerald had never brought her out." He looked around, as if Iris would appear out of thin air. 
"She is sick," Cane said simply. "We will stay in the inn and leave after she feels better." 
The arm that wrapped around his shoulder tightened when Gallot spoke again, though his voice was still as boisterous as earlier, he seemed impatient now. "I insist that you come with me. How can I leave a new alpha in this inn?" There was a tinge of warning in his voice this time. "You will not let me down for the second time, right? I feel like I am begging you now. I have ordered a three night and three day party because the two of you are here!" 
Party. 
Most of the shifters loved partying, but Cane was sick of
###Chapter 150: UNDRESSED HER
Chapter 150: UNDRESSED HER
Again. The dream of the five swords and the empty hall. What is that? 
The dream came so often, which left Iris doubtful that it was just a coincidence, but if it was not, what was the meaning behind it? 
She felt like she was missing something, yet she couldn’t remember what, nor could she pinpoint what it was. Was it a person? A thing? She didn’t have the slightest idea about this strange feeling. 
But then, as soon as she touched one of those swords, she would wake up, even though she knew that she was dreaming every time she ended up in that room. 
Iris opened her eyes sluggishly and then looked around her, she was aware that she had fallen sick because of the heat and also how Readmond had called a healer for her. Her consciousness drifted in and out, but she didn’t remember that she was moved to a carriage. 
This carriage was small, only enough for herself and she was currently the only one who occupied it. 
Sluggishly, she pushed herself to sit down and opened the small window on her left. She noticed Ethan and Trion, riding their horses, but there were around ten more people around them, whom she didn’t recognize. 
This place also was not the way out of Arleen city. 
Still feeling dizzy, Iris laid back down on the makeshift bed inside this carriage. As long as she noticed people that she knew, she would be fine. She would ask Redmond later. 
And with that, Iris drifted off into sleep once again, her dreams became more and more frivolous, which she would forget once she woke up, but the dream in that empty hall with five swords would come so often. 
Once they arrived at the pack house, alpha Gallot called over his servants and issued orders to help them to their respective rooms, because night had become deeper. They would leave the conversations and the pleasantries for tomorrow. 
"Crown Prince, we can’t tarry," Corry said impatiently. "We need to get the Asturi stem, or else the king will punish us. We have gone for so long." 
"Ck!" Alan clicked his tongue in annoyance. He glared viciously at his old advisor. "Are you dumb? Lou said it himself that he will not give the Asturi stem without that bitch! Do you think you can force him to hand it over?!" 
They were currently in a guest room, in the Moon Dew pack’s pack house. 
Once Alan learned Cane was in the black market and how he injured him viciously and humiliated him thoroughly, he sent his man to notify alpha Gallot and added a few words about how Cane was roaming around incognito in his pack, instead of announcing his arrival. 
His goal was simple, since he couldn’t get the Asturi stem because Cane didn’t want to hand his mate over and seeked trouble with him, he would give him the real trouble back to him. 
Alan was still unaware that the Asturi stem he wanted was already in Cane’s hands. 
In the opposite room of Alan’s, Cane was given one room for him and Iris, while Redmond, Ethan and Will would stay in the next room. As for Trion and Avid, they were sent to the warrior’s quarters. 
Cane had carried Iris himself to their bedroom and laid her down on the bed, only to find out her dress was drenched with sweat. She was sweating profusely. 
Her fever had not yet gone down, but she was sweating and mumbling something incoherently. Her parched lips slightly parted and her brows knitted tightly, as if she was in pain. 
Before this, Cane had asked Ethan to boil the medicine and all he needed to do right now was to feed her. 
"Wake up for a while, you need to take your medicine," Cane said, though Iris didn’t hear him. He shook her body lightly, until she opened her eyes. 
Cane propped her body up, placing her in his lap, while she rested her head against his chest, he cradled her with one arm and lifted the bowl of medicine with the other. 
"Here, drink this." Cane brought the bowl to her lips and slightly tilted her head back so she could drink it, but she coughed and dirtied his shirt. 
"I- I am sorry..." Iris said weakly. She felt so hot, she felt as if her entire body was on fire, tears streamed down her cheeks, not because she wanted to cry, but her eyes felt like they were burning. 
"Slowly," Cane ignored her apology and brought the bowl to her lips once again. He held her body firmly. 
Iris tried to drink it again and this time, she took her time, so she wouldn’t spit it up for a second time. The medicine tasted so bitter and she hated it, but Cane didn’t budge until she finished it all. 
Once she finished, Cane took a glass of water and let her drink, to wash away the bitterness. After that, he put her back on the bed and started to undress her. 
Sensing his hands on her body, Iris became alert, she opened her eyes and looked at him with fear, she tried to stop his movements, but she was too weak to begin with. 
"Wh- what are you doing?" There was no way he wanted to do it, right? She was sick and if he forced himself on her in this condition, it would be the same thing as him trying to kill her. "St- stop." 
Cane stopped, his eyes met hers, as he spoke indifferently. "You are drenched in sweat. Your condition will get worse if you let the dress dry on your body." 
"Oh..." Iris felt her face become even redder now. "I- I can do it..." She sluggishly tried to cover her body, instead of taking off her dress. 
However, Cane didn’t have patience for that, so he pulled her hands away and continued what he was doing earlier. "Let’s get it done quickly, both of us need to rest." 
Cane then undressed her swiftly, without much resistance from her this time and soon enough, Iris was stark naked before his eyes.
###Chapter 151: ALL THE SCARS
Chapter 151: ALL THE SCARS
This was not the first time he saw her naked, but under this particular circumstance, she felt more self- conscious than ever. 
Lying on the bed, crossing her arms across her developed chest, Iris shut her eyes close. Her feverish little face became even redder at this moment. 
Under this light and clear mind, her scars looked even more palpable. They were ugly. It was not even a passable sight to say the least. 
Though the worst scars she got were on her back, there were a few little scars that littered her chest and her stomach. One could only imagine what Mason had done to her, despite being his only little sister, she didn’t deserve his cruelty at all. 
Her milky skin was slightly red because of her fever. 
For a moment, Cane’s eyes darkened. This was the first time for him to see her naked body with clear conscience, without anger or revenge plaguing his thoughts, nor being in the throes of the heated moments. 
But what he saw was not something that he wished to happen to anyone. 
From what he learned, Mason would punish her so badly whenever he found out Iris fed the slaves. But then again, he was not stupid enough to leave scars on her face, even though he didn’t care to spare her body. 
Also, because of the reason she was his sister, he didn’t throw her to the guards and let them have their way with her. It would also have smeared the Alpha’s name after all. 
However, that couldn’t gloss over what he had done to her. 
Now, Cane could see clearly that every scar on her body was the reason for them to be able to survive this long. She wouldn’t have been punished severely by Mason if she had quit after the first time. If she gave up after the first beating, she wouldn’t have suffered, but then, she had chosen to go through all that because she was willing to help them. 
Yes, they had suffered in those years, but she also suffered with them. 
Meanwhile, Iris kept her eyes closed because she wanted to pretend that she was not here, she didn’t want to know what kind of look that Cane had right now. She covered her breasts with her arms, but she couldn’t stop squirming out of discomfort. 
However, after a few minutes passed and she didn’t feel any movement from Cane, Iris opened her eyes and at the same time, Cane averted his gaze to grab the towel and started wiping her body. 
There was a complicated look in his dark eyes, yet he said nothing and did his job thoroughly. When he helped her to put on her dress, he saw her back again, but Iris immediately turned her body around, so he couldn’t look at it for long. 
"Th- thank you," Iris said in a small voice. Her heart was thumping loudly, feeling embarrassed. She really wanted the ground to crack open so she could hide in it, but the worst part was; Cane didn’t say anything. He did all of that in silence, as if this was only a menial task that had to be done. 
Perhaps, that was a good thing, since there wouldn’t be any topic appropriate to talk about in such a situation. 
In any case, once Iris was comfortable in her dry and clean clothes, and her head touched the pillow, she started to doze off. She didn’t notice how Cane tucked her in or lay next to her afterward. 
Just like before, he hugged her in his arms, before he drifted off to sleep. He could only ward off his nightmares when he had her close. 
The next morning, Iris woke up groggily and found she was alone in her bedroom. Cane was nowhere in sight, but there was a tray of breakfast waiting on the table next to her along with a letter, telling her that he would return this noon. 
It was only a simple letter, but it was enough to dust her cheeks pink again as she recalled what happened last night. 
Thankfully, she was feeling better this morning, though a little bit sluggish. She ate her meal and rested again. 
On the other hand, Cane was having breakfast in the dining hall, along with Alpha Gallot and Alan. All of them were there. However, it was clear that Ethan was very impatient to leave this place soon. 
The new moon would be tomorrow night and they were surrounded by the people who would tear Cane apart if they found out that he engaged himself in the dark magic and would turn into the cursed shifter, the lycan. 
The King would be delighted to get his hands on such a fact and they would be doomed for sure. It was a higher risk to stay than offending Alpha Gallot, but Cane still looked so calm. 
Didn’t he take this matter seriously? Couldn’t he look at the bigger picture? 
Ethan was restless, he didn’t eat much and only stabbed at his meat occasionally, while Will, who was sitting next to him, could feel his sour mood. Only, he couldn’t understand why he was being like this. 
"I have arranged a three day and three night party for all of you, starting tonight! We have two guests of honor!" Alpha Gallot announced and the members of his pack pounded their fists on the table, making an uproar. They loved parties, since there would be lots of food, wine and women. 
Slavery in this part of the kingdom was not as bad as in the south, but still the slaves would be treated less than humans. 
"I have prepared a few women for the two of you! Hehe..." Alpha Gallot laughed mischievously. 
While Alan was filled with delight upon hearing that, Cane didn’t seem bothered with that, as he continued to eat his meal. 
"I am sure you must miss these kinds of moments. I still remember what people said that whenever Alpha Gerald threw a party, they would call upon you the most!" Alan sneered, he reminded Cane of his slavery days. "Why don’t you call the savages, Alpha Gallot? Alpha Cane and his people surely miss the taste of them!"
###Chapter 152: STUPID ALAN
Chapter 152: STUPID ALAN
Everyone knew what kind of past that Cane and his people had to endure in the hands of Alpha Gerald, but then for Alan to bring it up at a time like this was not at all appropriate, since they shouldn’t talk down or shame a fellow alpha. 
This was an unwritten rule among the twelve alphas in this continent. 
"Why don’t you call the savages, Alpha Gallot? Alpha Cane and his people surely miss the taste of them!" Alan stared at Cane with eyes full of ridicule, while Corry was trying to make him stop talking. He nudged his arm incessantly, but of course, this didn’t have any effect on him. 
On the other hand, Ethan had balled his fists tightly, until cracking sounds reverberated from his joints, while Will was trying to calm him down. It wouldn’t be good on them if the gamma lost his control and fought with the crown prince. No matter what, it would add to their Alpha’s troubles. 
Redmond, who was sitting next to Ethan, simply tilted his head. He was actually looking forward to seeing such a fight. Since he couldn’t beat the Crown Prince himself, it would be nice even if someone else did it in his place. 
"How dare he talk about the savages..." Redmond was trying to flame Ethan’s anger, but Will shot him a dagger look, which made him stop himself. Ah! He only wanted to see a little scuffle!
Yet, the person that Alan targeted didn’t even budge, Cane simply ate his breakfast, as if he didn’t hear anything, which drove the crown prince madder. The Alpha from Howling Wolf pack was indeed very good at ignoring people, Redmond had tasted that first hand. 
"The savages..." Alan tried again, his veins popped on his forehead, marring his features with angry lines, but then it was Alpha Gallot’s voice that stopped him from complaining like a baby. 
"The savages that had killed my daughter?" Alpha Gallot asked. His voice was so cold and callous. "You want me to invite those motherfuckers here?" 
With that being said, the dining hall plunged into silence, one could even hear a drop of a needle. Everyone stopped eating, while all the pack members’ eyes were on Alan. 
When the crown prince talked, he was hissing under his breath, thus only people sitting close to him could hear that, but when Alpha Gallot opened his mouth, his voice boomed inside the dining hall. After all, his voice was exceptionally louder with a thick and deep tone, not to mention he didn’t try to sound soft at all. 
"You want me to invite those creatures?" Alpha Gallot asked Alan point blank. 
Shit. 
Alan completely forgot about that! 
Five years ago, the second daughter of alpha Gallot was raped by savages and was left to die in the Lucent sand desert. Her body was burned, until she was almost unrecognizable. 
Since then, they hunted down any savages in this pack. They would kill them on the site if those moronic creatures tried to come closer to his territory. 
"That’s what you meant?" Alpha Gallot’s voice echoed throughout this silent dining hall, but the eyes of the pack members of the Moon Dew pack became even more horrid, as they shone with rage upon the mention of the Alpha’s deceased daughter. 
"No.... it was..." Alan stuttered, he found himself unable to speak after he tried to aggravate Cane, he couldn’t even meet alpha Gallot’s eyes. He glared at Cane instead who was still eating his meal in silence. He looked unperturbed. 
He didn’t even need to say a word to cause this Crown Prince any trouble, because stupid people often dug their own graves when they were being impulsive and driven by their emotions. 
"It’s not like that, Alpha Gallot," Corry finally said, trying to save Alan from the wrath of the Alpha. Though Alpha Gallot wouldn’t be able to do anything atrocious to Alan, he could make trouble for him by complaining to the King and banning them from entering the pack ever again. 
In that case, they couldn’t go to the black market as well, which was a great loss for them. 
"The Crown Prince is only thinking about how to liven up the party, because most of the packs will invite the savages to perform." He tried to lighten the mood and scolded Alan lightly. "He is being insensible and immature to come up with such an idea in front of you, may you pardon him." 
"He is a twenty nine year old man who will inherit the throne in the future, and you are saying he is still immature? How many years more before he can be mature enough to not let the kingdom down?" Cane finally spoke, he put down his cutleries, his eyes fixed on Corry. "There will be a day when the kingdom will be doomed in his hands, if he doesn’t start to learn how to conduct himself." 
What Cane said was right and this displeased alpha Gallot and the rest of his pack members. 
"Don’t talk trash about me!" Alan could be provoked so easily. Cane only needed to say a few words and he would blow his top. 
There were so many people that didn’t agree with the King’s decision to choose him as the crown prince, but King Aeon was so adamant about his heir. Cane wanted to know how long Aeon would put up with it for the sake of his bratty son. Sometimes, to topple someone so high and mighty, you could start from the people that they cared for. 
Corry, on the other hand, was trying to calm Alan down, which he managed to do after mind linking a few words to him. 
And with that, the breakfast ended in awkward silence, as Alpha Gallot looked so mad while his pack members ridiculed the Crown Prince behind his back. 
Alan was so mad, he started smashing all the things inside his bedroom, but the party still happened at night, where there were so many beautiful slaves, appetizing dishes and barrel after barrel of alcohol. 
Shifters enjoyed partying the most.
###Chapter 153: THE PEACEFUL ALPHA
Chapter 153: THE PEACEFUL ALPHA
Iris spent her entire morning sleeping, until it was noon and when she woke up, she found Cane sitting on the windowsill. He had his eyes closed. The breeze from outside tousled his dark hair and he looked so peaceful. 
Was he sleeping? 
Iris stared at him for a long time, she was still sleepy, thus seeing his picturesque profile made her feel like she was dreaming. 
Does he dream when he is sleeping? If he does, what kinds of dreams will he have? Iris was curious to know more about Cane. She couldn’t help it. This pull was getting stronger by the day and she knew why. The mate bond started to grow between them after the marking and the mating processes. 
Does he feel the same? Does he hug her every night because he felt the pull as well? 
There were various questions in her mind right now and she couldn’t find answers to any of them. She was idle enough to think about them in the first place. It seemed her mind had not yet started functioning well, since sleepiness was still lingering in her form. 
In the end, she stared at Cane for close to an hour. The sky was so clear, she could see it from the window, where the alpha perched on, it was a bright day. 
On the other hand, Cane was not sleeping, he just closed his eyes and felt the wind that carried the smell of rain in the air, but the strongest scent that he could sense came from the very woman who had been staring at him. 
At first, he wanted to open his eyes and tell her to stop ogling at him like that, but then he was too lazy to exchange words with her, especially when he didn’t know what kind of conversation they had to have. 
He preferred this silence, since his headache bothered him so much, as it would be the new moon tomorrow night. Her scent helped him to reduce the pain. 
He liked this quietness. 
But then, he heard a soft creaking sound from the bed before her light footsteps approached him. 
What was she going to do? Cane was puzzled, but he didn’t move a muscle. Still pretending to be asleep, Cane soon felt a warm blanket draped over his body. 
She tried to cover him as gently as possible, so she wouldn’t wake him up. What she didn’t notice was Cane’s body had noticeably tensed up. 
Her fingers brushed his skin lightly and this sparked the sensation that you could only feel whenever you have skin to skin contact with your mate. The delightful feeling hummed through his body with that feather-like touch. 
Thus, when Iris withdrew, he felt an emptiness. 
However, Iris didn’t leave, she actually heaved herself onto the other side of the windowsill, so the two of them could sit facing each other. She then continued to stare at him. 
Iris seemed to take the liberty with the fact that he wasn’t looking at her, to stare at the Alpha to her heart’s content. 
Yet a moment later, Cane opened his eyes. His bright and dark eyes clouded at the sight of her. She looked a little bit pale and skinny for a shifter, her body constitution wasn’t even on par to be called a shifter in general. 
Probably it was because she was a runt, but then runts were so rare to be found, thus he couldn’t find any comparison. 
Disregarding that, Cane found the sight of her lovely. She looked bashful as a tinge of red started to spread from her cheeks to neck, still, she refused to lower her gaze. They stared at each other in silence for a few moments. 
A breeze of gentle wind caressed her cheeks and played with her auburn hair, her big curls made her face look small. A few strands of hair got stuck on her lips, still, she didn’t avert her gaze from him. They seemed to be locked in their own world. 
Instinctively, Cane raised his hand and caressed her cheek, as he pulled away the strands of her hair from her lips gently, but then his fingers lingered on her lips. 
Her petal-like lips were so soft when he caressed them with his thumb and she was slightly startled by the sudden action, yet it didn’t stop him. 
His palm that cupped her face was big and warm, his thumb was coarse against her lips, but she stayed still, because she didn’t know what he was going to do next. His dark eyes looked even darker, like a pair of bottomless pits, swirling in them were so many complicated emotions. 
Cane leaned forward, as if the proximity was not close enough for him to look at her, but then he did a double take when Redmond’s voice rang from behind the door. 
"Alpha! You need to come! Your gamma is in trouble!" He pounded his fist on the door, as if he was punching someone that he hated. "Alpha! Do you hear me!?" 
Iris dropped her gaze when Cane suddenly withdrew and walked away toward the door. She didn’t hear Redmond’s cry, but the way he turned callous and the speed he changed tracks left her dumbfounded. 
What was that earlier? 
Only when she saw Redmond behind the door and talked so fast to Cane did she realize that he had been pounding the door while shouting earlier. 
"You need to come!" Redmond said impatiently. He didn’t care much if Ethan fought with Alan actually, but then, things escalated pretty quickly and now, Alan was a mangled mess being roughed up by the gamma. 
Things wouldn’t be good if this kind of thing reached the King’s ears. Cane’s troubles would implicate Iris as well. 
"A few warriors tried to stop him, but they couldn’t!" 
Cane didn’t waste a second longer as he rushed toward the backyard, where all of this commotion happened. 
He knew how Ethan would look like when he lost his control, letting his anger drive him. He attacked to kill and wouldn’t let go of his prey until they died, even after that, it would be hard to stop him.
###Chapter 154: KILLING INTENT
Chapter 154: KILLING INTENT
"You need to stop your gamma! How dare he hurt a member of the royal family!" Corry shouted at Cane once he saw the alpha walk toward them. 
The beautiful garden was ruined and the fountain had been destroyed, leaving water to splash everywhere. The once velvety, lush lawn was now uneven, full of patches, while in the middle of that chaos was a brown wolf, none other than Ethan’s, growling viciously at five other warriors. 
Even though he was outnumbered, not even once did the brown wolf back down. 
On the side, Alan was crying pitifully, cursing, shouting to Alpha Gallot’s warriors to kill his gamma. He sustained grave injuries, severely bleeding from the deep wounds on his stomach. 
If it was not for Will, who stopped Ethan in the nick of time, this problematic Crown Prince would have died by now. 
However, Will was not in good condition either, he suffered severe injuries as well. 
"How will you explain this to the King!?" Corry approached Cane, because he didn’t say anything. He just stared at the situation before his eyes, calculating everything. "Hey! Can’t you hear me?!" 
"Scram!" Cane snarled at him, which made the advisor take two steps back. He was scared and for a moment, he was stupefied by the intense anger in his eyes. He even looked scarier than the King himself. 
The aura around him shifted and Corry found himself unable to look him straight in the eyes. In the end, the old advisor shrunk back and walked back to the Crown Prince, who was still cursing and yelling. 
"KILL HIM! KILL THAT BASTARD! I WILL MAKE SURE MY FATHER KNOWS ABOUT THIS! HE WILL SHRED YOU TO PIECES!" 
That was right. Ethan could be killed on the offense of trying to murder the Crown Prince. The problem was; that was true. Ethan indeed wanted to kill him. 
The brown wolf snarled ferociously when one of the warriors made his move on him, trying to tackle him down. Ethan dodged swiftly and clawed his back instead. 
He was in his battle mode and every move that he made was deadly. The experience of battle and suffering that he had gone through couldn’t even be compared to that of these warriors, thus he easily overpowered them, even though he was outnumbered. 
Not to mention them, even Jace would be hard pressed if he had to fight him one on one, though he was a rank higher than him. 
"Back off!" Cane glared at the Moon Dew pack’s warriors that surrounded his gamma. 
All of them turned their heads briefly toward him, but then sensing the alpha from the Howling Wolf pack was even scarier than this unhinged wolf, they backed off. 
Cane took a step closer to Ethan, and looked him dead in the eyes. "Shift."
The air felt so heavy, as the tension was so thick at this very moment. The onlookers even stopped breathing for a second, waiting for what would happen. Would the crazy wolf shift back? Just by a single order? 
Even the Crown Prince forgot to curse. He sat down on the ground, like a pitiful man-child, staring at the tense scene before his eyes. 
"Shift!" This time, Cane didn’t sound like he was telling him to shift, as it sounded more like a direct command. His voice was laced with authority and he didn’t hold back when using his alpha’s voice, causing the brown wolf to whimper. 
Yet, his gamma was still stubborn, his eyes dead set on Alan. His killing intent could be felt by everyone present there. 
"SHIFT!" Cane’s voice hardened. He literally roared at him. His anger suffused in the air, pressing down Ethan’s killing intention and a moment later, the gamma shifted back into his human self. He had his head hung so low. "Take him back to his room." 
Cane glanced at Redmond and this time, the warrior didn’t dare to put on airs and immediately did what he was told. 
He paused for a second to look at Ethan, only when he thought he was safe to be approached, did he proceed to walk toward him. 
On the other hand, Alan finally snapped back to his senses and glared at Cane, ignoring Corry’s advice to leave the alpha alone and get his wounds treated first. 
"Do you think you will get away with this?!" Alan shouted at Cane. "My father will have his head hung on the gates!" 
Cane stopped walking and approached him instead. 
Alan was still sitting on the dirty ground, while the Alpha was towering above him and from this angle, he felt so intimidated by him. 
"If you don’t like running your mouth so much, you will not end up so pitiful like this," Cane said, his voice trickling with disdain, as if he was looking at something unpleasant. 
However, after saying his piece, he simply walked away, not heeding to Alan’s curses that were directed at him. He only stopped when he saw Iris, standing on the top of the stairs to the pack house. She was standing too far to hear the conversation, but then she didn’t need to hear to understand what they were talking about even if she was not able to. 
Beside Iris was Alpha Gallot. His expression was hard to read, he didn’t seem frantic to see how his warriors had been injured by Ethan. 
"Alpha..." Iris started, but Cane simply walked past her and didn’t look back. He still nodded at Alpha Gallot, though he didn’t say anything to him either. 
Once Cane’s retreating figure had disappeared, Alpha Gallot tapped Iris’ shoulder to get her attention. "I told you, right? Your pack is helpless. Do you really want to let someone like him be the Alpha of the pack?" 
Iris stared at him. 
"People who escaped slavery will not be able to be in their right mind. Them becoming unhinged is inevitable. Just because Alpha Cane acts normal now, you cannot think that he is not crazy." Alpha Gallot smirked, his eyes lit up. "If you want, I will help you to free your pack and be independent."
###Chapter 155: HURT PEOPLE, HURT PEOPLE
Chapter 155: HURT PEOPLE, HURT PEOPLE
Alpha Gallot saw the opportunity to sway Iris to his side, thus he thought why not give it a shot. Magic stones mine was a valuable asset after all. It would be a waste if Cane was unable to exploit the benefits of having one to the fullest. 
He had tried to hint to him on the collaboration between them, where he could offer a platform for Cane to sell the stones, since the black market was located in his pack. Only, he didn’t seem interested in the idea.
"If you want, I will help you to free your pack and be independent." Alpha Gallot could provide her with many warriors to take her pack back from Cane’s hands. 
More or less, he could read into the struggles that Cane had to face when he claimed the Blue Moon pack, or else he wouldn’t have asked Alpha Gallot to veto his claim against the King’s wish. 
"You can rule your own pack and I will help you to set a strong foothold." Alpha Gallot waited for her reaction, but Iris simply looked at him, which made his smile falter until he started doubting whether she could understand what he was saying or not. 
However, he kept pushing his luck with her. 
"Almost everyone that escaped from their slavery days will not be themselves anymore." He waved his hand to the yard, where the fight broke out a few moments ago. All the people had dispersed already. "You saw it. How unhinged the gamma is. I am sure your Alpha also hurt you before and he will hurt you again. I am here to save you from it." 
Hurt people, hurt people. 
Iris remembered Hanna told her that. Hurt people would, intentionally or unintentionally, hurt the people around them. They would shut them out and hurt them, because they were in so much pain. They didn’t know what to do with that pain or how to get rid of it. 
They would have a hard time showing their emotions, being kind was out of options, because they had been exposed to so much anger and a lot of issues long took root in their twisted minds, thus they reacted to that emotion by hurting the people around them when they were triggered or when they couldn’t control it anymore. 
"I can help you and protect you and your people," Alpha Gallot said gently. He was not part of the Southern Alphas, thus he was not really close to Alpha Gerald and his peculiar parties, which included so many depraved and debauchery activities. "With my power, I can help you restore your pack to its past glory." 
Iris stared at him, waiting for him to spill all the ideas that he had in his mind, while she kept her silence. 
"What do you think?" Alpha Gallot asked her, a little bit impatient now because Iris didn’t say a peep. 
"He is my mate, I will never betray him." Because Alpha Gallot asked what she was thinking, Iris gave it point blank to him. 
Hearing that, Alpha Gallot was stunned, but then he guffawed in his deep and thick voice, as if Iris had said something so funny and he couldn’t hold himself back from laughing. 
He was like that for a few seconds, but when Iris became irritated by how he didn’t take her words seriously and was about to leave him there, the man held her elbow and forced her to face him again, as he talked. 
"I am sorry for my rude behavior." He wiped a tear from the corner of his eyes and grinned at her. "But, I don’t believe such a wicked Alpha like Gerald can have a pure daughter like you. How can you talk about loyalty when Alpha Cane already has a woman by his side, who had fought alongside him for years, while you are just the daughter of his enemy?" 
Iris’s heart quivered when she was reminded of that reality again. "He is my mate," she said stubbornly. 
Alpha Gallot snickered. "Sure." He nodded and then freed her elbow. "He is your mate, but remember, you are not his first mate. Your father killed his destined mate along with their firstborn. Once he no longer needs you, he will get rid of you." 
Iris’ eyes flickered with fear at that cruel reminder. 
"You will not be able to survive in this world with that simple mindset of yours. You are too na?ve for this world, Iris." And with that being said, Alpha Gallot strode away. He acted like nothing happened. 
Though he didn’t manage to get Iris to his side, at the very least, he had planted a seed of doubt in her heart. It would come in handy in the long run. 
========================= 
Redmond scoffed, he wanted to reprimand Ethan for his reckless actions, but he was still scared to see how crazy this shifter could be when he was triggered, thus he focused his attention on bandaging Will’s injuries at the moment. 
Even though Will had stopped bleeding, his wound was so deep, it would take a few hours for him to heal it. 
The room plunged into silence, until Cane came not long after that. 
"Are you okay?" Cane asked Will, he scrutinized his bandaged stomach and his pale face. 
"I am fine, Alpha. The wound will heal in a few hours." This was not the first time for him to be gravely injured, thus he had his own estimation over his healing ability. 
Cane nodded and then shifted his attention toward Ethan, whose head was hanging low. "Walk with me." 
Ethan knew that he wouldn’t be able to escape his Alpha’s wrath. He had messed up big time by what he had done to Alan. That fucking Crown Prince! 
Resigned to his fate, Ethan followed Cane out of the room, he walked beside him, as the latter led him to the balcony that oversaw the lush greenery of the small forest behind the pack house. 
"Do you know that you can be sentenced to death for your actions?" Cane asked.
###Chapter 156: WE CAN’T ESCAPE
Chapter 156: WE CAN’T ESCAPE
"You know that you can be sentenced to death for your actions?" Cane asked, after turning around to face his gamma. His expression was unreadable, it was not clear whether he was angry or disappointed, but what he said was true. 
Ethan said nothing, he kept his head low. 
"Raise your head and look at me," Cane said, his voice calm, but firm. "What did he say until you got provoked?" 
Cane thought Ethan had turned a new leaf and he could keep his demons at bay, but he knew he was wrong as soon as he saw how brutal his gamma was when he killed those savages in the forest. He was not getting any better, because he was simply bottling everything up. 
Ethan raised his head and met his eyes. "You know what he said." 
Cane could figure out what trash that Alan had spouted to trigger him. "I thought you were better than that." 
"Apparently, I am not," Ethan scoffed, then he added. "I didn’t regret beating him up, I only regret that I didn’t kill him and my actions have implicated you, other than that, I don’t care. I was long dead." 
"We survived, Ethan." 
"Then why do I still feel that I was inside that damned dungeon? Waiting for my turn to be called upon and tortured? My nightmares haunt me even when my eyes are wide open!" 
Cane could see pain and anger in his eyes and he could understand what he meant by that. He knew how it felt when you couldn’t even rest since your body was beyond drained while the nightmares would keep reminding you about those things that you wished to forget. 
That was also the reason why Cane kept Iris by his side impulsively. He wanted to escape that torment. 
"Let me go if you have to." Ethan thought, once they freed themselves from their slavery chains, they would get the freedom that they wanted, but as it turned out, it was not that easy to escape such anguished feelings that they had harbored for years. 
If after being freed from the slavery couldn’t stop his suffering, then what else could? 
Cane stared at his gamma for a long time and Ethan thought he would blow his top and scream at him for causing trouble, but in the end, he simply sent him back to his room, as if he was a petulant child. 
"Go back to your room, we will leave tomorrow morning." 
"You won’t punish me?" Ethan asked,feeling a little bit bewildered. This was his only reaction after what he had done? 
"Me punishing you can’t be compared to the one that you will receive from the palace. So what’s the use of that?" Cane leaned his body against the wrought- iron railing of the balcony, as he watched his gamma’s expression change. 
Ethan was just fifteen years old, a teenager, when their pack fell in Alpha Gerald’s hands. He lost his family and used to cry every night during the first month of their incarceration and even more under duress. 
It was when he was nineteen that alpha Gerald introduced him to those savages that something shifted in him. He stopped crying. 
Heavens only knew what they had let those savages do to him for three days straight, because the day they returned him to the dungeon, he looked half dead. If it was not for the medicine that Hanna had smuggled into the dungeon, which now they knew was from Iris, he would have long died. 
Iris must be only fourteen at that time, but she had helped them a lot even in her adolescent years. 
"Stay in your room, Ethan." He didn’t say it as an alpha to his gamma, but as a brother. It was strict, but there was no anger or malice. 
Ethan gritted his teeth. He would feel better if Cane had cursed at him, punched him and broken every bone of his for ruining everything for him. He had literally pushed their pack into danger by his reckless actions when he caused trouble to a member of the royal family, all of them knew that the King had been trying to find a mishap and he wouldn’t let this matter go easily. But to his incredulity, not only did Cane explode with anger, he actually talked to him calmly. 
"Tonight..." Ethan said in a small voice. He didn’t need to continue, because Cane knew what he was hinting at. 
Tonight was the new moon. 
"I know," Cane said solemnly. 
"What are you going to do?"
========================== 
Iris didn’t have a dress to wear for tonight’s party, she was in low spirits to begin with and there was no way she would enjoy it, but she didn’t have any other choice, since Cane told her to tag along. 
He told Redmond to tell her this, as the warrior brought over a beautiful blue dress that complimented her blue eyes. She didn’t have any idea how Cane could get his hands on this dress. 
But, what annoyed her more was the fact that Alpha Gallot didn’t even cancel the party after what happened this morning, even though the Crown Prince was bedridden and barely able to get off the bed even after hours of lying down, waiting for his injuries to heal. 
Redmond had blabbered about what happened that morning and told her that Ethan would be sentenced to death. 
Okay, he was not really a good storyteller, since he exaggerated a few things, which made Iris’ heart sink. 
"The Alpha scolded him so much, he became so silent when he returned to his room, as quiet as a mouse." 
That was what Redmond told her, though he didn’t hear their conversation, since he was in the room with Will then. 
So, the three of them wouldn’t attend the party, which they didn’t mind at all. In their minds, nothing good came out of it. 
Therefore, right now, Iris perched on the windowsill, waiting for Cane to come. She didn’t know where he had gone this whole morning and afternoon. 
She stared at the night sky, dreading this night. Cane must have not forgotten that it was a new moon and it was just three hours away from midnight.
###Chapter 157: HE IS NOT A GOOD PERSON
Chapter 157: HE IS NOT A GOOD PERSON
Iris was staring into the distance, she became more anxious because it was only three hours before it would be midnight, which meant they needed to find a secluded spot for him to shift into his lycan form without anyone noticing. 
Even then, Iris was not sure if she could keep the lycan calm enough to not make any noises that would attract attention from the others until sunrise. 
She wanted to talk about this with Cane, ask him what he was going to do about this situation, but he didn’t show up for the entire morning and noon. 
A little while later, Iris caught movement from the door and saw Cane walk into the room. He was wearing a gray shirt and a pair of black pants. It was not formal attire, but since it was simply a welcoming party that Alpha Gallot was throwing for him and Alan, especially when they were not prepared for this, it was justified. 
But at the same time, Iris got a sense that he didn’t even want to put much effort into finding a nice shirt for himself. 
"Let’s go," he said when Iris raised her head to look at him. 
Cane was about to turn around, but Iris quickened her steps before he could walk out of the room and tugged at his sleeve gently. "I want to talk with you for a moment." 
Cane tilted his head and looked at her expectant blue eyes. She looked beautiful in that dress, though it was a little bit bigger for her petite body, because she needed to keep pulling up the front of the dress, so it wouldn’t expose her chest and the length of it fell past her feet, she still looked pretty in everything that she wore. 
"What do you want to say?" Cane closed the door and faced her, he gave her his undivided attention. 
"Alpha, tonight..." 
"I know, I have prepared everything, I just need you to stay with me." 
The sound of him saying that he needed her to stay with him sounded pleasant in her ears, but Iris knew he said that because he needed her, not because he wanted her. 
"What have you planned?" Iris wanted to know, aside from curbing the urge to feed her curiosity, she felt like she was walking in the dark. It would have been fine if this was not something so significant like the new moon, she could brush it off, but she felt anxious for not knowing anything. 
Cane, like always, rarely explained things to others if he thought it was not necessary. "Let’s go." 
But, Iris grew bolder, as she held his arm again to stop him. "Alpha, I don’t know if I can do anything for you." She sucked in her lips. "How can you be sure that I can keep your beast calm?" She muttered listlessly.
"You can," Cane said simply. 
He knew that she could, because he could keep his mind clear during the process and even when he shifted into his lycan form, he still had his consciousness intact. 
Before, all he knew was pain, he was engulfed by pain and he wouldn’t have any control over what he was doing, nor know how to control his aggressiveness. 
Yet, with her close to him, feeling her existence alone lessened the pain. He couldn’t explain how it worked that way. 
However, when he was about to leave, Iris tugged at his sleeve again, which made him lean his back against the door instead. He looked tired, but he listened to her questions, though his replies were very short and didn’t really answer them. 
"Alpha Gallot talked to me this afternoon when I saw the fight break out outside." Iris was talking about the ruckus that Ethan had created. "He said that he wanted to help me get my pack back and he also offered his help to lend his men to me." 
Iris ended up telling him everything that Alpha Gallot had told her, except for the part when he provoked her, where he reminded her of her status as Gerald’s daughter and how Cane already had Aria as his mistress. 
She didn’t want to bring it up, because it was not important, since Alpha Gallot’s intention to say those things was only to rile her up. More so, Iris didn’t want to remind Cane about that fact. He would never forget that after all. 
"You need to be careful with him, I don’t think he has good intentions. He is trying to sow discord between us." Iris’ blue eyes glimmered with anxiety, she was really concerned about this. 
It surprised her how Alpha Gallot could throw them a welcoming party, while he was trying to stab Cane behind his back by trying to manipulate her. 
But then, she knew so little about those crafty alphas and the malicious plans in their twisted minds. This was how this world worked, she just got a miniscule glimpse of it. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t show any reaction. He let her finish her report. Iris looked like a little child, who was tattling about others. 
In the end, Iris narrowed her eyes. "He is not a good person." 
Cane didn’t know what to say when he heard her conclusion. Probably, it was only her, who thought Alpha Gallot was a good person in the first place. Her little face was so serious when she warned him over something that was so obvious. 
"Why didn’t you agree with him?" Cane asked. He just wanted to hear what her answer would be. 
Iris blinked her eyes upon hearing that question. "You are my mate, I will never betray you." 
This was the same answer that she gave Alpha Gallot, which he laughed at her for, but she was serious with that simple and na?ve answer. 
People like Alpha Gallot wouldn’t understand that and would brush it off, since that kind of answer was laughable. 
Cane said nothing and just realized that Iris was quite a chatterbox. "Let’s go." He caressed her cheek casually and then took her hand, so she wouldn’t hold him back again.
###Chapter 158: NIGHT OF THE PARTY
Chapter 158: NIGHT OF THE PARTY
The party was very lively, despite the absence of the Crown Prince. He was still bedridden as of this moment and could only watch from his bedroom’s window. 
People spilled into the yard when the alcohol started being passed around. It would be an understatement if one said that the shifters loved parties, no, they were crazy about them! 
Alcohol was being poured out like rain and every few meters, you could see several guards, warriors and even women of higher ranks of the pack having the time of their lives; fucking each other with abandon. 
There were dozens of slaves that Alpha Gallot released and they could use them to satisfy their needs and lust. 
There was nothing atrocious or brutal like when Alpha Gerald held a party, but still, having to see almost two hundred people naked, while the air reeked with the smell of sex was not something that Iris could enjoy. It was a good thing that she couldn’t hear how they moaned loudly while spewing dirty words, even the music in the background didn’t help to muffle it. 
The air grew so intense and wherever she looked, those slaves would have one or two men doing them. 
Iris couldn’t handle the sight any longer, as she tried to shrink her presence and buried her face in Cane’s arm. She was trembling. This was very terrifying. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t do anything, he drank his wine casually. He looked so callous. The sight before his eyes didn’t bother him at all, since he had seen enough of it. 
"Hey! Go and please him! His little mate doesn’t seem to understand how to party!" Alpha Gallot sent one of his mistresses over to Cane, while he still had five others surrounding him, trying to touch every inch of his body. 
The woman looked so pleased to come over to Cane, because who would choose Alpha Gallot if there was one that was so pleasing to the eyes? His nonchalant attitude made it even more intriguing. 
The woman had black hair that cascaded down her back and also well developed breasts. Her voluptuous body was so tempting, as she walked toward Cane with her seductive smile on full display.
"Teach that little girl how to please her mate!" Alpha Gallot laughed joyfully, as he pressed one of his mistress’ heads against his crotch. 
Iris was not aware that there was someone approaching them until she sensed someone close to her. She turned her head to see a woman pulling Cane’s hand to touch her breasts as she moved closer to kiss him. 
She was stupefied, she felt her whole body turn numb as she watched the entire thing from a third person’s point of view. 
However, before the woman could kiss him, Cane tilted his head and then nodded at the glass in front of him. 
"Drink," he said calmly, while his hand was still trapped between her well rounded breasts and her hand. 
The woman did not become alert, she took the glass and tilted her head back, she finished it in one gulp and then put down the glass on the table. 
But then, Cane poured her another glass and put something into it. "What is that?" The women frowned. She quickly glanced at Alpha Gallot, who grew interested in knowing what Cane wanted to do with his mistress. 
"What did you put in the drink? This is a party, not a funeral, I don’t want to have someone die here," Alpha Gallot warned him. 
"Floence powder," Cane said simply. 
Floence powder was an aphrodisiac and all of them knew about it. 
Hearing that, Alpha Gallot guffawed. "You know how to have fun!" He said loudly and then nodded to his mistress. "Drink it! He has a peculiar taste from his days with Gerald!" 
Alpha Gallot was a little bit drunk, the words just slipped past his lips, but Cane simply pretended he heard nothing. 
The woman drank the wine and smiled sheepishly at him, as she made a move and started to kiss Cane’s neck. His body became so stiff, but he held his ground. 
Only when this woman tried to kiss his lips did Cane finally stand up, he bent his body slightly and caressed the woman’s head, as he offered his hand to help her stand up. 
The woman was so excited, because she knew that he would take her somewhere private. Alpha Gallot loved to have sex in public areas like this, but privacy was something that women like her preferred the most. It was way more intimate and less degrading. 
But Cane only took a few steps away from there when he turned around and frowned when he saw Iris staring at him blankly. She was too stunned to speak. She looked like an abandoned child, on the verge of tears. 
Iris thought Cane would like to have an intimate time with this beautiful woman, so there was no way she wanted to go with him. What was she going to do? Watch them? Or he would ask her to join too? 
Either option didn’t sit well with her. 
"Are you not leaving?" Cane asked, his voice was stern. He didn’t move until Iris stood up and followed them to take the furthest room from the big hall, where the party was happening. 
She couldn’t hear how Alpha Gallot was laughing at her blanched face, because right now, Iris’ mind was filled with the many things that might happen. What were the three of them going to do? Would Cane have them at the same time? 
On the other hand, the woman didn’t stop rubbing her body against Cane’s, the floence powder seemed to have taken effect on her already. 
Once they were inside the room, Cane used a piece of cloth to cover the woman’s eyes, at which she grinned from ear to ear, excited to have some intimate time with this alpha. 
"Blow out all the candles," Cane ordered Iris, which she did hastily, but once all the candles had been blown out and the room was so dark, someone else entered the room through the window.
###Chapter 159: STAY WITH ME. DON’T LEAVE
Chapter 159: STAY WITH ME. DON’T LEAVE
Cane had calculated everything. Things weren’t going well for him, especially after what Ethan had done. Now, there was a death sentence hanging over his gamma’s head. 
However, there was a more urgent thing that he had to take care of first. He had spent this entire morning and noon preparing just for tonight. 
It was getting closer to midnight. It was less than an hour before he would be forcefully shifted into his lycan form and he needed an ample plan to be able to go through this night without anyone knowing his deepest and darkest secret. On top of that, he wished his calmness and consciousness would still remain intact, exactly how he felt the last time he was with her in his lycan form. 
His mind had been pretty clear then, so he could control his outburst and prevent himself from running rampant. 
Cane was sure that was not simply a coincidence, but things could go south pretty fast. 
After he blindfolded the woman, she didn’t stop rubbing herself against him, as the floence powder started to take an effect on her. 
"Blow out all the candles," Cane ordered Iris, which she complied with hastily. She felt aghast to see the girl keep trying to touch him intimately, but she kept it to herself. 
Once the room was so dark, Iris felt suffocated, but was even more shocked to see someone else enter this room through the window. 
Iris was about to scream, but then she realized it was actually Redmond. He pressed his finger to his lips, telling her to be quiet. 
At this point, she was completely confused about what was going on and what would ensue with Redmond also in the picture. 
Seeing Redmond had come. Cane leaned over and whispered something into the woman’s ear, but Iris couldn’t read what he was saying because it was too dim for her to look at his lips. 
"Go to the bed and lay down. Don’t ever take your blindfold, understand?" 
The woman looked happy to oblige the Alpha’s words, her face lit up. She was thrilled and excited to get his attention just for herself, because when she was with Alpha Gallot, there would be at least three women vying for his attention, trying to to please him at the same time. 
"Yes, Alpha..." she nodded obediently and Cane took her to the bed. But after she laid down on her back, squirming her body uncomfortably, because she wanted someone to touch her so badly, it was Redmond, who approached her to fulfill her desires. 
The warrior was grinning from ear to ear to have a taste of Alpha Gallot’s mistress. This was the best assignment that he had ever had and he liked Cane a little bit for this. 
On the other hand, Cane pulled Iris to him and through the same window that Redmond had jumped in, he leapt into the backyard and the last thing that Iris saw was Redmond having his fun with the woman, who thought it was Cane and couldn’t stop pressing her body closer his. 
She kept calling him the Alpha and for some reason, Redmond liked being called so. He felt powerful and it fed his ego well. 
======================== 
Cane pulled Iris through the woods, where he had scoured around to gather as much information as he could. This place was free from the guards, because the nearest guard would be around two hours away from here, while there would be no patrol, since all of them would be busy indulging themselves in alcohol and between women’s legs. 
If there was a good thing that came out of Ethan beating Alan up, it would be; the Crown Prince couldn’t get out of the bed for the entire night, so Cane could be less concerned about him. 
Cane’s movements faltered when he felt the familiar pain shoot throughout his body, but he needed to go deeper into the woods, so he could be sure that they were well hidden. 
However, Cane couldn’t take another step more when he fell on his knees. Iris also tumbled down with him. She grimaced when her knees hit the hard ground and Cane suppressed a vicious growl that rumbled in his throat. 
She knew what would happen next, this was not the first time for her to see him like this and it was not surprising for her when she started to hear his low growl, as his body shifted into his lycan form. 
The sound of breaking bones rang throughout the woods, sending birds that perched on the branches nearby flying into the night sky. 
The last time Iris saw the transition, Cane was chained, double chained, to the wall and barely able to move. There was also either Jace or Ethan with her, both of them would jump to help when they thought Cane became dangerous, but right now, she was alone here and seeing him up close like this made her shiver with fear. 
Iris thought she overestimated herself by thinking that she could get through this. Seeing him so close and hearing his vicious growl so clear, her body couldn’t stop trembling. 
She was afraid. There was no one here and if he lost his control and decided to attack her, no one would be able to save her. She would die. 
The horrible thought evoked her survival instincts, as she tried to move away from him. The problem was; she didn’t have strength even to stand up. But she still struggled, until she saw Cane mouthing a few words. It made her stop trying to run away. 
"Stay with... me." 
Cane was in the middle of his transition and he looked in so much pain, as he gritted his teeth to prevent himself from letting out a loud roar, because they could attract attention. It was not safe. 
It was not about him, but also all the people in his pack. He would be prosecuted if he were found using black magic to turn into a lycan in order to win the fight against Alpha Gerald. 
And his pack members would return to their slavery days. 
"Don’t leave..."
###Chapter 160: THE QUIET NIGHT
Chapter 160: THE QUIET NIGHT
"Don’t leave..." Cane’s voice was so soft, until it almost sounded like he was pleading. He could care less about his own life, but there were so many lives hanging above his head if something were to happen to him. 
On the other hand, Iris stopped moving away from him and even though she couldn’t hear the pleading tone in his voice, she could hear the low, distressful growl from the beast. 
She was still trembling, but she balled her hands into fists to stay where she was. It took everything in her just not to run away and leave him behind, which could expose Cane’s curse and the consequences that ensued would be so dire. 
Seeing Iris sit silently not too far from him, staring at him with eyes filled with fear, Cane couldn’t do much. As he felt the pain course through his veins, he had a hard time breathing while his senses to his surroundings intensified. 
Yet, the only scent and presence that was prominent to him was; Iris’. Her scent made him draw closer to her. Despite the pain that he had to endure when he moved his body, the lycan moved closer to the terrified girl. 
At this point, Cane had fully shifted into his lycan’s form, which was larger than his usual beast’s form. Its fur was so dark, as if he blended with the night. 
Slowly, the lycan prowled toward Iris, as if he was staring at his prey. His movements were so smooth and prudent, while his eyes stayed fixed on her. His elongated canines were on full display and once you were clamped between those razor sharp canines, not only your flesh that would be ripped apart, but your bones as well. 
In this moment, just one mishap could end Iris’ life. 
Silent tears fell on her cheeks, she was too scared to even say anything. She even felt her life flash before her eyes and her heart rose to her throat when she watched the beast stalk closer to her before its soft fur brushed against her arm. 
The lycan was so big. This creature was as big as a bear with sharp eyes that filled with anger. Those eyes were so horrifying. 
Iris jolted when she felt the beast come closer to her and snuggled its head against her face. Its nose was on her neck and he could snap her into two without any effort at all. 
She closed her eyes because she was too afraid. There was no one here to save her if things went south. Yet, it was at that very time that she heard the beast whimpering, while she felt something nudging her hand. 
She ignored it, but the beast kept nudging her hand persistently. The next second, she felt something fall on her lap. It was so heavy and out of curiosity, she pressed down her fear to open her eyes to see the lycan had its huge head on her lap, its eyes closed shut. 
Iris couldn’t believe what she was seeing. 
Probably the thought that Ethan and Jace were not here clouded her mind and made her forget that this was the same beast that had saved her from the Brinetallon, the monster that had attacked the Blue Moon pack on that same full moon night. 
Cane was right, his lycan form looked calm enough, even without the chains that held him back, he didn’t run rampant and if they could go through this night like this, everything would be fine for them. 
Slowly, Iris braced herself before she raised her hand and caressed the beast’s head, like she did with Cane. At first, the beast gave a start, which made her pause her movements, but then its body gradually relaxed. 
Surprisingly, despite how ferocious the lycan appeared, its fur was so soft, Iris almost felt like she was caressing a rabbit instead. 
It didn’t take long before she could hear the beast purring. Yes, this cursed creature actually purred softly under her touch. 
"How can I be deaf for the whole world, but can hear you?" She muttered to herself. 
The night was so quiet, there was only the occasional chirping from the birds in the distance and when the wind blew and the leaves rattled, it spread a fresh woodsy scent in the surroundings. 
Above them, the sky was so dark, you couldn’t see the moon, but it gave you a good view of the twinkling stars. Once the clouds disappeared, you would be able to see the sky full of stars, it had its own beauty and mystery. 
Meanwhile, the lycan and the runt made a perfect picture, where they looked so peaceful. The quietness between them was precious. 
Probably, this was the most serene new moon for the cursed beast. The pain was still there, but his consciousness was intact. He could feel everything around him, even the birds that perched on the branches, yet he only focused on one particular presence. 
Time slipped away and Iris didn’t stop running her fingers through its fur, but after two hours of silence, she started to hum, it was not really a song, as she simply made a series of soft noises in the back of her throat. 
After three hours had passed, she started to talk to the lycan and occasionally muttered to herself. 
"Should I tell you a story?" 
"What story do you like?" 
"Have you ever heard the story about the little girl and the monster?" 
"Hanna used to tell me stories when I was a child." 
"She told me stories even after I have grown up." 
"Should I tell you one?" 
"This one is my favorite." 
And because there was no response from the lycan, she proceeded to tell him her favorite story anyway. 
Cane appreciated the silence, but in the end, he didn’t mind hearing her voice. 
He was right when he thought she was a chatterbox... 
The environment where she grew up made other people think she was as quiet as a mouse, but as it turned out, she loved telling stories and sharing her feelings.
###Chapter 161: PEACEFUL TIME
Chapter 161: PEACEFUL TIME
"I am tired of talking..." Iris murmured. After she told the lycan three of her favorite stories, she curled her body on top of the beast and stared at the sky that started to gradually turn bright. 
It was just a few minutes before the sunrise and she was glad there had been no mishap tonight. It went uneventfully. 
Not long after, Iris could feel the lycan’s body shivering, thus she sat straight and watched as the beast shifted back into his human form. 
The sound of bones-cracking could be heard quite clearly in this crisp morning, as his bones got rearranged. A low growl followed by a whimper reverberated around her as that happened, but as the pain subsided and Cane returned to his usual self, Iris’ world fell so quiet once again. 
"Are you okay?" Iris was concerned because Cane looked unusually pale. He was even panting slightly. 
"Hm," he intoned. "Let’s go." He pushed himself up before reaching out his hand to help her stand up as well. The secret was still well hidden and this could prevent a huge trouble coming his way. It was all thanks to this woman, but then, it was still a mystery as to how she could have such an effect on him. 
Iris took his hand, yet when she pushed herself off the ground, her legs gave away. She fell to her knees after the first step. 
"What is it?" Cane was still holding on to her hand, his brows furrowed. 
"I think my legs are numb," she said sheepishly. "Give me a minute." 
The beast had used her legs as his pillow for the entire night, which was no less than six hours and now she couldn’t feel them. 
However, Cane simply knelt down, giving his back to her. "Hop on." 
"What? No. I can walk, I will catch up to you if you want to go ahead." Iris stared at his wide back. 
Yet, the alpha didn’t have patience, nor did he have the energy to coax her, thus he simply pulled her onto his back and secured her legs between the loops of his arms and then stood up, carrying her on his back. 
Cane was so tired and his strength decreased significantly, something that was normal to happen to him after every new moon ordeal. Even so, Iris felt so light in his arms, she almost weighed nothing. 
On the other hand, Iris felt awkward to be carried like this by him. 
"Stay still." 
Given that order, Iris stopped moving around and simply laid her head on his shoulder. She wriggled a bit to find a comfortable position, because her back was killing her. 
In the end, she resolved to wrap her arms around his neck, but she was so tense, she was afraid Cane would reprimand her, since she couldn’t hear his voice and read his lips, after all he was not fond of people touching him, but after some time, he didn’t seem to mind it at all. 
Thus, Iris nestled on his back, she was so tired and sleepy after staying awake the entire night. Now that she was comfortable, the exhaustion hit her hard and she couldn’t resist closing her eyes. She slept with the thought that Cane would wake her up once they arrived at the pack house, or she would wake up when he put her down. 
It didn’t take long before her breathing evened out and her arms around his neck loosened. 
Cane’s expression didn’t change, as he kept walking through these woods, while the sky became brighter and brighter. It was a quiet morning with Iris’ warm breath brushing against his neck while her heart was beating steadily against his back. 
He didn’t walk too fast, because this allowed him to think, to dissolve the entangled thoughts in his mind. 
However, in the end, he arrived at the pack house in no time. In the distance, the building looked so magnificent and gloomy with moss covering its stone walls. Alpha Gallot didn’t seem to pay close attention to this building. 
Once Cane got closer, he entered the room through the same window and saw Redmond was still sleeping with his face buried between the woman’s chest. She was still wearing her blindfold.
The floence powder that Cane gave to her was mixed with sleeping drugs, thus he knew she wouldn’t last for long before she fell asleep, just in case, she pulled the blindfolded off her eyes. 
Behind his back, Iris was still sleeping when he approached the bed and kicked Redmond’s naked ass. 
"Wake up." 
"Hm?" Redmond opened his eyes, he looked so bleary. The smell of alcohol and sex were so strong on him. 
Redmond was pissed because the woman fell asleep too fast and he had to settle to intoxicate himself by gulping down bottle after bottle of alcohol. 
"Get back to your room." 
"Five minutes..." Redmond fell asleep again, nuzzling his face against her breasts. 
However, Cane kicked him again, this time a little bit harder, because he fell from the top of the woman’s body to the floor. 
"Damn it!" Redmond cursed under his breath, he was stark naked, but he was not timid at all. Thankfully, Iris was still sleeping soundly. "Can’t you be more considerate?" 
"Get out of this room." Cane was blunt with his order. 
Grumbling, Redmond covered the naked mistress on the bed with a blanket and sighed regretfully, such a beauty... it was a pity that she fell asleep too fast. 
Only after Cane saw Redmond put on his clothes and jump out of the window, did he turn to leave the room through the door. He then headed to his room on the second floor. 
The reason, holding a party to welcome Cane and Alan, was just a baseless excuse, for Alpha Gallot didn’t really care that the two figures were not at the party at all. 
The corridor was filled with the smell of alcohol and sex, as there were still a few people that sat on the floor, naked. They were not sober enough to even move their bodies. 
On the second floor, Cane saw someone standing in front of his door when he arrived.
###Chapter 162: HIS CHILD
Chapter 162: HIS CHILD
Alan was furious and the first thing he did in the morning was to go looking for Cane. He missed the party because his bastard gamma had left him bedridden and only now could he get out of the bed. 
However, he was not in the room and no one was remotely clear headed to tell him where he was. 
He had been waiting for Cane for an hour before he saw him climbing the stairs with Iris on his back, sleeping. 
"Where have you been?!" He asked harshly. He was alone now, while his old advisor was nowhere to be seen. Meaning, there was no one there to hold him back from being so arrogant and advise him to read the situation before doing something at this moment. 
On the other hand, Cane was too tired to engage in contention with this spoiled brat of a prince. He didn’t act his age at all. It seemed his brain stopped growing after he crossed his eighth birthday. 
"Scram!" Cane growled, which made him jolt in surprise to hear such a dangerous tone. 
Yet, Alan recovered quite fast and puffed out his chest with his nose high in the air. "I have sent a letter to my father about what atrocious act that your gamma had done! He will summon you to the palace and hang that imbecile right before your eyes!" He was so riled up when he threatened him, he wanted to see this haughty alpha cower in fear. 
But, Cane only responded with one word. "Okay." There was not even a trace of fear in his expression, if anything, he looked irritated. 
"Your gamma will die!" He emphasized it again, like a child. 
"Move." 
"He and your pack members will..." 
"MOVE!" Cane roared angrily. Unconcealable murderous intent flashed in his eyes, which made Alan jump to the side, he blanched. 
Once his path was no longer obstructed, Cane kicked the door open and went inside, but he swiftly kicked it close behind him with a loud banging sound, making debris fall from the ceiling. 
On the other side of the door, Alan was petrified. He didn’t even dare to make another sound, let alone knocking on the door. He remembered how Ethan almost mauled him if it was not for the others helping him to get the gamma off of him. 
It was a terrifying experience and the first time for him to feel like he was on the verge of death. 
Meanwhile, inside the room, Cane put Iris on the bed. He saw that the entire room was a mess, which meant Alan had rummaged through this place, but he couldn’t find anything valuable or important enough to pay any attention to. 
Yet, Cane didn’t have time to think about the messy room, as he climbed on the bed and pulled Iris close to him, as he fell asleep with her in his arms. 
This became a habit of his without him knowing it and he did it so naturally, as if they had done it countless times, as though there was no hatred, or bad blood between them. 
He only sought peace, something that was so scarce for him, because his demons from the past wouldn’t leave him alone and he found it in her. 
It was noon when both of them woke up and they prepared to leave the pack. Alan started throwing a temper tantrum when he saw that they were leaving after Cane talked to Alpha Gallot and thanked him for hosting them. 
"The King knows where to find me," Cane simply said, which meant, if the King really wanted to issue an order to call him to the palace, so he could punish Ethan for his actions, he could find him in his pack, he was not running away. He was just returning to his place. 
Those simple words managed to shut him up. He didn’t have any grounds to prevent him from leaving. More so when he couldn’t get the Asturi stem, needless to say, his father wouldn’t be happy about it at all. 
Generously, Alpha Gallot lent a carriage for them, so Iris wouldn’t need to go on a horseback and gave enough provisions for their long journey. 
"I am glad to have you here," Alpha Gallot embraced him briefly, which Cane endured and reciprocated with a pat on his shoulder. 
He looked like a father figure for Cane when he guffawed and talked casually, while he walked them out of the gates. 
But, his warm expression immediately changed when Cane’s group was out of sight. "Call Sofia." He stood there, staring at the bustling roads, as the sun reached the peak of its apex overhead. 
There was no such thing as generosity and kindness without motives in this world. They were shifters, which meant, part of them was animalistic and it was their instinct to prey on the weak and from what he saw, Iris was the weakness, the very spot he could strike on. 
"Yes, Alpha?" Sofia came to Gallot’s side. She was the woman that had spent her night with Cane last night, or so according to what they thought. 
"Did he come inside you?" Gallot asked bluntly. It sounded vulgar, but it didn’t make things awkward between them, since Sofia knew her assignment. 
"Yes, Alpha," she replied. She lowered her head, staring at her shoes. She didn’t look like her confident self from last night. "He came twice, but after that, I passed out..." She fiddled with her fingers. 
"Don’t take any drugs, I want you to carry his baby." The drug that Alpha Gallot meant was the drug that could induce abortion. 
Those mistresses and slaves would take abortion drugs or Dragonheart tea after every intimate night to prevent themselves from carrying the baby of their Alphas or masters. 
"Understood, Alpha." Sofia bit her lips. She remembered her passionate night and she couldn’t help but blush. If she carried his child, she could be with him again. 
Meanwhile, the first thing that greeted Cane when he arrived at his pack was a decree from the King to enter the palace, along with Ethan and Iris, because their ceremony would be carried out simultaneously with Ethan’s punishment.
###Chapter 163: HE LOOKED SO LONELY
Chapter 163: HE LOOKED SO LONELY
The grains had been sent over to the Howling Wolf pack four days before Cane and the others had arrived. Jace was responsible for the distribution and had allocated half of it to the Blue Moon pack as well. 
During the absence of the Alpha and the Luna, it was the Beta who had handled everything, thus Cane would only need to follow up with everything. 
However, a few hours before Cane’s party arrived, he got a decree from the King, summoning Cane and Iris for the ceremony and also Ethan for his punishment, because he had attacked a member of the royal family. 
Jace was not aware of what had happened, but from what he heard from the messenger, he knew it was a great offense. 
"What the fuck was he thinking?!" Jace roared in anger after he got the detailed report from Will. 
Currently, they were in the Alpha’s study room, but Ethan was not there, he had gone somewhere once they entered the borders of the pack. 
"Well, I can’t really blame him, that bastard of a Crown Prince could really be a testament to your patience." Will frowned when he remembered how Alan had provoked Ethan. He knew how to stab him with his nasty words. 
Meanwhile, outside, the temperature had dropped drastically and the weather had turned cold, still it hadn’t snowed yet. 
With the grains that they got from the black market, they could go through this winter, but if the King became extremely petty, he could find fault with Cane for buying something from the black market. 
People didn’t talk about the black market openly, it was a public secret and a hush- hush topic, where the royal family could be hypocritical about it. 
They could punish anyone for going there while at the same time ignoring the fact that they usually indulged in the same dirty trade. 
"This is a serious matter," Jace said grimly. "What are you going to do about it, Alpha?" 
Yet, before the conversation could continue, someone entered the room without permission. The door suddenly burst open and Aria strode inside with a huge grin on her lips. Her eyes lit up to see Cane. 
"You have returned!" Aria rushed toward Cane like an arrow. She raised her beautiful dress, so she wouldn’t step on it when she ran. 
On the other hand, Jace and Will grimaced to see her. It was a habit of Aria to enter the room without knocking or asking for permission first, she really acted as a mistress of the pack, the Luna even. 
On any other day, they could ignore her behavior, but when they were in the middle of an important discussion like now, it was annoying to be interrupted like this. 
"Aria, I think you need to leave for now, we are in the middle of a discussion," Jace said, but she simply walked past him and approached Cane. 
"I really missed you!" Aria said. She was about to throw herself into his arms when Cane held her by the shoulder to stop her from coming closer to him. 
"Leave," he said shortly, his voice firm. "We are in the middle of an important discussion." 
The smile on Aria’s face immediately faded away. She bit her lip, as if she was going to cry. She wanted to retort, but she could feel there was something wrong with the atmosphere here.
She didn’t know about the decree from the palace involving Ethan, thus she didn’t have any idea about what they were discussing right now, but she knew one thing for sure; she couldn’t piss Cane off at this moment, because all her efforts would go in the drain if he avoided her again like before. 
"I understood, I am sorry," she muttered, her eyes hooded when she backed away. She felt her heart stifle for how callous Cane was. Though he had never been particularly warm toward her, she thought after years of being together, she could change that. 
Cane let go of her shoulder. It could be said that he was very lenient of her. If it was someone else, they wouldn’t be able to leave unscathed without facing consequences for barging into his study. 
But still, Aria didn’t see it that way. She only saw rejection and this made her heart harden. 
"What are you going to do now?" Jace continued the conversation once Aria closed the door behind her. They acted like there was no interruption. 
"I will go see Mason first," Cane replied. 
"What are you going to see him for?" Will couldn’t comprehend this, so couldn’t Jace. 
========================= 
Near the fireplace, Iris was chatting with Hanna, sitting on a comfortable rug while warming their bodies with a glass of hot chocolate each. 
"This lizard is so cute!" Hanna cradled the little creature in her hands, as it curled its body comfortably. "It will make it easier to light up the fire!" She was so excited. 
The fire in the fireplace was also lit up by this little fellow. 
Iris didn’t tell her that the lizard actually came from a magic stone. Cane didn’t allow her to tell anyone about this, therefore, she told Hanna that she found it. 
"This little thing is so cute," Hanna gushed. "Can I show it to my friend? I will get us another serving of hot chocolate each!" She saw Iris’ glass was already empty. 
"Okay." 
Hanna then hastily walked out of the room, with a tray of two glasses in one hand and the lizard in the other. 
"Friend?" Iris muttered to herself, her face became gloomy when she heard that word. 
It was so easy for Hanna to find a friend, while she only had her. But then, she couldn’t say they were friends either. The status difference between them was there and Hanna would never call Iris her friend, no matter how close they were. 
Feeling dejected, Iris walked toward the window and saw a familiar figure there. He looked so lonely. "Ethan? What is he doing there?" 
Iris took her cloak and when Hanna returned, she couldn’t find her anywhere. She was gone. 
"Where is she?" Hanna couldn’t help frowning.
###Chapter 164: CANE AND MASON
Chapter 164: CANE AND MASON
Iris rushed toward the vast meadow, where the grass had long turned yellow. This was the place she saw Ethan from her bedroom’s window, but she couldn’t find him. He was nowhere to be seen. 
She should have run faster. If she had, she wouldn’t have lost him now. But then she was not a good runner to begin with, even now, she was panting heavily. 
"Where is he?" Iris looked around her and started walking in the direction she thought Ethan had gone. The cold wind made her shiver and her nose started to turn red. If Hanna saw this, she would reprimand her. She got sick easily when it was winter, but here she was, exposing herself to the cold wind. 
Iris strode further from the pack house and the more she walked, the more she liked it. It felt so peaceful and refreshing when she could see the world clearly, as it changed its colors to welcome the winter. 
She walked toward an oak tree that stood solemnly alone in this vast meadow. From her window, she could see it every time. She knew that the tree must be very huge, and upon a closer look, it was indeed very magnificent, though it had started to shed its leaves. 
And there, under the tree, she found Ethan sitting. With his back resting against it, he stared blankly at the clear sky. Although it was noon, the weather was not scorching hot. 
Iris walked toward him and sat down beside him. Ethan must have sensed her presence a long time ago, but he chose not to say anything, letting her accompany him in silence. 
"I regret not killing him, then my punishment will be worth it," Ethan said after half an hour passed. 
But, Iris missed that, she caught movement from the corner of her eyes and turned her head to look at him, but she couldn’t catch what he said. 
"Hm?" She tugged at his sleeve gently. "What did you say?" 
Ethan tilted his head and then grinned, showing his wolfish smile. For a moment, he looked like his usual self again, easy going and carefree. "Nothing." 
Silence ensued between them after that. 
Iris had never been in this situation before, nor did she know how to comfort the others. She didn’t even know the right words to say. If it was Hanna, she would know what kind of comforting words that you could give to your friend. 
"Let’s go back, I am hungry," Ethan said after two hours of silence. He stood up and patted the dust off of his pants with his hands. 
Above them, the sun was already leaning westward and because it was the beginning of winter, it would become dark soon. Day time was so short. 
Iris walked beside the gamma and he slowed down his pace on purpose. He didn’t ask why she approached him, nor did they talk much, but the silence was not awkward. 
========================== 
Jace didn’t understand why Cane suddenly wanted to visit Mason in his cell, while they were facing an important problem with the decree from the King. They should have discussed their options thoroughly on how to save the Gamma. 
Even if they couldn’t save him, the King wouldn’t let this go so easily and it would implicate their pack without a doubt. 
Yet, Cane chose to visit Mason first. 
Most of the time, Jace couldn’t read what was actually inside Cane’s head. What was he thinking? He always kept everything to himself. 
"Leave us alone," Cane said, as he entered the cell. Mason was sitting at a corner, dirty and smelly. 
They had never taken care of this cell, aside from giving Mason rotten food to keep him alive, since a shifter wouldn’t die so easily from consuming something like that, they couldn’t care less about taking care of the other things. 
This cell smelled acridly bad. Jace and Will furrowed their brows when they stepped in, but Cane didn’t even change his expression. 
"We will be right outside," Jace said and then stepped out with Will, leaving the two of them alone. 
This part of the dungeon had four cells. Mason was confined in the cell at the farthest end, while the other three were empty. 
Inside his dirty cell, Mason wasn’t wearing anything. His hair grew so long and messy. People who knew him in the past wouldn’t be able to recognize him now. 
Meanwhile, the corner of this cell was filled with filth and feces, while not too far from it was a bowl of rotten food that the guard graciously gave to him. 
Within a few months, he was already unrecognizable, but his eyes that glared at Cane were sharp enough to let him know that he was still in his right mind to answer his questions. 
Cane took his time, he didn’t immediately bombard him with questions. Instead, he walked toward the fireplace, placed in between Mason’s cell and the one opposite to his. It was long dead. He took his time lighting it up. 
The warmth from it immediately dissipated the coldness in this dungeon. 
Once the fire illuminated every dark corner of these cells, Cane walked back toward Mason and stood right in front of his cell. 
"Tell me about your mother," Cane asked him coldly. He didn’t look like he was in a rush, though the decree told him to come to the palace right away. He had thought it over and had his own arrangements. For now, there was a mystery that he wanted to figure out and it bothered him. 
Unfortunately, it was not easy to get Mason to talk when he was determined to keep mum. 
Cane waited and even after half an hour passed and Mason still said nothing, the Alpha walked back to the fireplace, where he had left an iron rod, which they usually used during the torturing sessions, to heat up. 
Cane held the handle, but the other tip was spiky, it could be used to stab anything. 
"You don’t need your eyes to answer my question, do you?" He asked lightly, as he entered the cell and approached him.
###Chapter 165: TELL ME EVERYTHING
Chapter 165: TELL ME EVERYTHING
"You don’t need your eyes to answer my questions, do you?" Cane asked lightly, as he entered the cell and approached Mason. 
Cane’s question made it clear that he didn’t take pity on him. He would extort an answer from him even if it meant he had to leave him half dead by the end of this. 
"KILL ME! KILL ME! IF YOU DARE! KILL ME!" Mason roared, immense anger flashed in his eyes, but there was a thread of fear as well when he saw the red tip of the iron rod. 
How ironic! Even after Cane got tired of saying those exact words, they kept him alive in the past. Because death was so easy, while being alive was the real torture. 
Cane lit up the fireplace not only to warm this cell, but also to heat this rod. When Mason thought Cane was giving him time and looked so patient to wait for his answer, it was actually him waiting for the iron rod to be ready, so he could use it. 
"Sure, I will kill you, after you answer my questions," Cane replied languidly. He was already standing in front of Mason now. He always dreamed of a day like this, where he could exact his revenge on this man, when his life was finally under his mercy. 
He thought he would be free when he reached this point, but his heart was as hollow as ever. There was no joy to know that he could kill this trash on a whim. 
After all, his death wouldn’t bring back those people that were dear to him. 
"Do you really think I will answer you?! Arrghh!" 
Once Mason retorted, Cane stabbed his thigh with the iron rod. He drove it deep into his flesh before pulling it out ruthlessly, so it would exacerbate the wound.
"I AM GOING TO KILL YOU! I AM GOING TO KILL YOU! YOU NASTY MUTT! ARRGGH!" 
This time, Cane stabbed his shoulder and when he didn’t get the answer, while Mason wouldn’t stop insulting him, he stabbed his arm, stomach and his castrated manhood. 
In the end, Mason couldn’t utter a single word, he was in so much pain, even to continue with his insults. 
Only then did Cane stop. 
However, he only stopped because the iron rod was no longer hot. He needed to heat it up again, which gave Mason time to heal his wounds and they would start from the beginning not long after. 
It was convenient for the shifters to have this kind of healing ability, but in this situation, it was simply detrimental! 
Mason could indeed heal in no time, but he was not immune to pain. 
"What do you want to know?!" Mason barked, once he had his strength back. He was lying on the dirty ground, still unable to push his body up to sit down. 
"Tell me everything," Cane said unhurriedly. 
If looks could kill, then Mason would have shredded him into a million pieces. He regretted that he didn’t kill this man sooner, when he was still within his palm. He even entertained the thought of raping Leane, his dead destined mate, before Cane’s eyes. He wondered how crazy Cane could have become then... 
========================== 
It was too early for dinner, but both Iris and Ethan were too hungry to wait. 
Once they stepped into the pack house, Iris could finally breathe. It was very cold out there, though she was wearing a thick cloak, it was not enough to block the cold wind completely. 
"Come, sit here," Ethan said, as he waved his hand at Iris, after he lit up the fireplace for her in the kitchen. There was a lot of food here and a few people greeted them. 
They looked delighted to have Ethan around, but they were still a little bit awkward around Iris. 
After everything was revealed, they didn’t have a lot of interaction with her, thus they were not sure how to act around her. From their understanding, she was very quiet and had difficulty hearing. How could they communicate with her then? 
Meanwhile, Iris went to sit in front of the fireplace, as she stretched out her hands to warm them. She felt a little bit uncomfortable around these people and could feel their eyes on her, but she wanted to know them. She would live with these people for a long time after all. 
So, there was no harm in trying to be close to them. 
Iris stole a glance at Ethan, who was talking merrily with the omegas. He didn’t seem to be in a bad mood. No one would be able to tell if he had committed a great offense against the Crown Prince and probably, this would be the last time he would be around, before they set off to the capital city. 
Right at that time, a young warrior entered the kitchen, he had a few bruises on his face and arms, but he was greeting them happily. 
"Can I have a glass of warm water, please?" 
Iris turned around because suddenly all of the people in the kitchen directed their attention toward a certain person and she saw him, the young warrior she met during their journey to the Howling Wolf pack. 
His name was Joel, if Iris was not mistaken. 
The young warrior seemed to notice that Iris was there and went toward her and greeted her as well. 
"Good evening, Luna Iris!" he said crisply. 
"Good evening," Iris replied. She felt a little bit awkward to be called Luna, since the title was too heavy for her. Not everyone could see her as the luna of the pack, though she bore the Alpha’s mark. "What happened to your face?" The bruises were not bad and it looked like he would heal in less than an hour. 
"Oh, I was training earlier and someone beat me up," Joel said, still in his happy- go- lucky style. 
From behind, Ethan wrapped his neck with his arm. 
"Be careful, he is injured," Iris said with concern, but Ethan just laughed at her worrying self.
###Chapter 166: THE WARM ROOM
Chapter 166: THE WARM ROOM
From behind, Ethan wrapped his arm around his neck. "Young man, you should be able to beat them up too, why is it only you who gets beaten up always?" 
"Be careful, he is injured," Iris said with concern, but Ethan just laughed at her worrying self, while Joel grinned at the Gamma, though he grimaced when Ethan touched his wound in a not-so-gentle-manner. 
"You don’t need to worry, he is not going to die." Ethan tightened his arm around Joel’s neck and both of them started to brawl on the floor in no time. 
Iris looked very anxious to see this, she was afraid that Ethan would aggravate his wound, but when she looked around, the others didn’t seem to be concerned about it at all, some of them even laughed, as they watched them go at it. 
Was it really okay to leave them like that? Iris was puzzled. They wouldn’t go overboard, right? 
"You don’t need to worry, Luna," a woman, around her late thirties approached her and took her hand to make her sit at the table. "They are usually like that." 
"Oh..." Iris mumbled, she stared at the two of them, still brawling on the floor and after a closer look, she realized what the woman said was right. They were hitting each other playfully, no one was harmed. 
"Are you hungry? Do you want to eat something?" The woman asked her sincerely, while the other five omegas in the room were glancing at her stealthily. 
"Yes, please..." Iris smiled sheepishly. 
And, when Ethan heard them offer Iris food, he immediately shoved Joel away from him and rose to his feet. 
"I want to eat too, I am famished!" He grumbled and then slumped his ass on the chair on Iris’ right side, while Joel joined them and took the seat on her left. 
"I want to eat too, please," he said cheerfully, despite the bruises on his face. "I am so hungry, the weather is so cold!" He whined. 
The other people laughed and then talked at the same time, one after another, which made the banter too fast for Iris to keep track of what they were talking about, but she could tell that they liked this young warrior and he frequently visited the kitchen to get extra food before dinner time. 
The room was so warm, but it was not only because of the fire burning in the fireplace and the braziers, but also because these people made it so. 
Iris had never been in this kind of situation, where they teased each other and could laugh freely, although she missed a few of their words and it confused her, she still felt happy. Her heart felt so warm, as if there was a little brazier inside her chest. 
Is this what they call having friends? No wonder Hanna always looked exceptionally cheerful after she met with her friends, despite her tiring day. 
=========================== 
"Speak," Cane said coldly. He leaned his back against the wall, staring at Mason with disdain. The man tried to sit down with so much difficulty, while his injuries started to heal and the iron rod in the fireplace changed its color to bright orange, which meant it was ready to be used again. 
"Why do you want to know about my mother?!" Mason barked out. His mother was the destined mate of Gerald, but Iris’ mother became the Luna of the pack because the Alpha was apparently very smitten by her beauty. 
While Iris’ mother died when Iris was one year old, Mason’s mother died because Alpha Gerald killed her for having an affair with the King’s first son. 
Gerald caught them in the act and killed Mason’s mother in the heat of the moment, but the royal guards burst in before he could kill the Prince as well. 
Unfortunately, in the fit of his rage, Gerald managed to wound Kellan’s legs pretty badly and now he was not able to move his legs. He crippled him. 
All of that happened only six months before the attack on the Howling Wolf pack. Mason was eighteen years old at that time. 
However, there was something strange about the whole thing. There was no way the King and Gerald reconciled so quickly, especially after the alpha injured the Prince badly, which crippled him and made him step down from Kellan’s position as the Crown Prince. 
From the notes that Cane’s father left him, he was hinting that something was not right, because Kellan was not that kind of person. He had an upright personality, despite having the King as his father, he was fair and just.
That was why Cane’s father and alpha Derick from the Celestial Moon pack in the north, supported his claim for the throne. 
Everything happened too coincidentally, from stripping Kellan from his position and removing the Howling Wolf pack, one of his supporters, while Alpha Derick was kept occupied in the North because he was too busy controlling wave after wave of monster attacks on his pack. 
This reminded Cane of the efficacy of the Asturi stem. 
"What? Do you miss your mother, so you want to hear a story about mine?" Mason laughed wryly, he glared at Cane. He made sure that he wouldn’t make it easy for him to get the information from him. He had to eke out for it 
Yet, Cane didn’t play his game. 
He walked toward the fireplace again and then took out the hot iron rod before retracing his way to Mason. 
"Fine! I will tell you everything! You want to know about her death, right?!" Mason was disgusting, but at the very least, he was not really stupid not to understand Cane’s intentions to question him about this. 
However, Cane simply stabbed his right thigh with an expressionless face, watching Mason scream in agony, because the wound from earlier was reopened. 
"STOP IT! ARGH! I TOLD YOU I WILL TALK! I WILL TALK!" Mason dreaded Cane now, because he looked so calm. 
There was no hatred, satisfaction or enjoyment when he did that. There was nothing in his dark eyes. 
And the room was soon filled with the smell of charred flesh.
###Chapter 167: FIRST KISS
Chapter 167: FIRST KISS
"It was a stage! In order to strip Kellan from his position and smear his name!" Mason spoke through his gritted teeth. He glared at Cane viciously, as he curled on the dirty ground because he stabbed his thigh again, which was now bleeding profusely. 
"What was their deal?" Cane asked, walking back to the fireplace to heat the iron rod again. The sight of it alone made Mason sick. 
"I don’t know! What do you think an eighteen year old boy knows about their deal?!" 
As the only heir to the Alpha title of one’s pack, at the age of eighteen years, you would find yourself involved in many things and have long familiarized yourself with a lot of aspects that you would inherit sooner or later, especially things like a long term plan for the pack. 
At the age of eighteen, an heir should be able to have a voice of opinion and learn about most of the deals within the pack, they would also be included in decision making. 
However, it seemed, that was not the case with Mason, because he was very ignorant about all of that, but then, after ten years of observation, Cane didn’t find it really surprising. 
"So, you want to say that the King was involved in the attack on my pack ten years ago?" Cane asked languidly, as he poked at the firewood with the rod. 
Cane remembered that his pack was overpowered at that time, but based on what he knew, there was no way Gerald’s warriors alone could outnumber them. He must have gotten outside help. 
And his best guess was the King’s royal warriors. 
Mason scoffed. "No way. My father conquered your pack with our own warriors! He conquered your measly pack by himself!" He said proudly. 
Cane glanced at Mason over his shoulder and could tell that he was genuinely bragging about what he believed to be true. It was either he was right, or he was completely ignorant about the whole thing, but Cane was more inclined toward the latter. 
"What about Iris’ mother? Why did she die?" Cane asked again. There was no official report about her death. It only said; one day she got sick and then died. It was ridiculous, since a shifter wouldn’t die just by getting sick. It was even a rare case to find a shifter getting sick. 
"She got sick and then died," Mason said simply. 
Hearing that, Cane closed his eyes. He wasted his time here. Even though there was a possibility of Mason trying to hide the truth, for someone as observant as Cane, not to mention how overly conscientious and cautious he was, his words seemed believable. 
Gerald didn’t let his son delve too deeply into his dirty plans, knowing his personality. In the end, that old man was very cunning and vigilant, even with his own son. 
"Do you know any living family from Iris’ mother’s side?" 
============================ 
Iris laughed at the story that Ethan told everyone, as they surrounded him, eagerly listening to his story from his youth, the time when the Howling Wolf pack was still under Cane’s father’s reign. 
He was a good storyteller. 
"...I saved the beauty and she gave me a kiss on my left cheek! That can be said as my first kiss, right?" Ethan looked at them smugly. 
"It wouldn’t count if it’s not on the lips!" Joel sneered at him. 
"You brat! What do you know about that? You are only fourteen!" A devilish smile tugged at the corners of Ethan’s lips, which was not a good thing. "Say! Have you kissed someone already?" 
"What are you talking about?" Joel rose to his feet and his face turned red. 
There was an uproar as everyone started laughing at Joel’s reaction and how red his face became, as they teased him mercilessly. 
Iris couldn’t help but laugh at how Joel was trying to explain himself, that he had never kissed anyone before and how he was waiting for his destined mate. 
"You have never kissed anyone, but have you ever been kissed by someone?" Ethan didn’t let it go easily, as he drove the young warrior to exasperation. "Be honest with us! We can give you a few tips!" 
"No!" Joel howled. "You are smearing my name in front of the Luna!" 
At times like this, they could forget about every gruesome thing that they had gone through during their slavery days, as if those were only part of a long nightmare. 
They could tease the young Joel about his pure and innocent first kiss. 
To think about that, Iris herself had never been kissed and had never kissed anyone before. They had done the deed, but it was out of pure carnal desire, a physical thing and it was always painful for her. 
However, to see how Joel was so bashful when they talked about the first kiss, Iris became curious. How would it feel to be kissed so innocently like that? 
"Miss Iris! You are here?! I have been looking for you for hours!" Hanna entered the kitchen with her lips pursed. She looked like she was about to cry. 
Only then Iris remembered that she had left the bedroom without telling her anything when she went to fetch hot chocolate for both of them. 
"Oh, I am sorry," Iris said regretfully. 
"I thought something happened to you." Hanna went to hug Iris and then chatted with the other omegas. She knew every one of them, even Joel looked like they had met a few times already. "Don’t disappear like that again!" 
Iris was a little bit jealous how easy it was for Hanna to blend with the other people. She too really wanted to be like that, but she didn’t know what to say to prolong a conversation. 
After chatting for some time, Iris and Hanna went back to her room. 
Iris waved at them and they asked her to visit the kitchen whenever she felt hungry. This gesture lifted up her mood slightly, knowing they wanted to chat with her in the future. 
But, on the way to her room, Iris met with Cane and Will. 
"Walk with me," Cane said casually.
###Chapter 168: WILL YOU PUT IT ON ME?
Chapter 168: WILL YOU PUT IT ON ME?
Even though Cane didn’t get all the things that he wanted to know from Mason, because he was way more ignorant than he thought him to be, at least, he could conclude one thing; his guess was right. All the horrendous events that happened ten years ago were all fabricated and the King was behind it. 
And if King Aeon had gone all those extra lengths to get a hold of the two packs, the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack, under his thumb then, he could do the same thing again now. Not to mention he got a suitable weapon to ruin Cane because of the incident between Ethan and the Crown Prince Alan. 
It wouldn’t take long before he reached the point where he needed to choose between letting Ethan go or rebelling against the King, between the two the latter being out of the options. His pack couldn’t afford to go to another battle. 
Meanwhile, Will walked next to him while he was on his way to his bedroom. He wanted to ask what the conclusion of his meeting with Mason was, but seeing how serious Cane’s expression was, he swallowed his question. As for Jace, he took his leave from the Alpha earlier because the Beta needed to go look for Ethan. 
The gamma had been missing ever since they entered the pack grounds. 
Jace wanted to give him a piece of his mind, because he was being so reckless as to give the King the right ammunition to attack them. 
However, before they could reach Cane’s bedroom, they saw Iris and Hanna coming from the opposite direction. 
They ran into each other because the Alpha and the Luna’s rooms were literally next to one another. 
Will was about to greet Iris and Hanna when Cane talked first. "Walk with me," he said curtly, but because currently Iris didn’t see him, she didn’t know that he asked her to go with him. 
Even so, instead of notifying her like usual and repeating what he said, Cane simply took Iris’ hand and walked away with her. 
Iris was confused because Cane was pulling her away all of a sudden, she looked at Cane and then at Hanna, giving her a questioning look before Hanna mouthed what the Alpha had said earlier. 
Only then, did Iris walk away with him willingly. 
When Cane noticed that Iris followed him without posing any resistance, he let go of her hand and walked ahead. 
Iris didn’t know where he wanted to take her, but she couldn’t question him. Somehow, he gave off this humorless vibe, he looked very serious, deep in thought. 
"Where are they going?" Hanna asked Will, as she watched their retreating backs. 
"I don’t know." Will shook his head. He was too clueless about what was in Cane’s mind. He looked like he was doing a bunch of random things, but there was no way he would do something wasteful when his gamma’s life was on the line. 
Jace suggested letting Ethan escape to a different continent, but Cane didn’t give him his opinion on that idea at all. 
"Is the Alpha in a bad mood? Will he hurt my missy?" Hanna was worried. She couldn’t do anything if Cane indeed wanted to harm her. But, based on what Iris told her, the Alpha treated her well during their journey, which made her think that their relationship got better. 
"You don’t need to think too much. The Alpha will not hurt her." Will looked at Hanna helplessly. 
"I am glad," she muttered. 
But then, there was this awkward silence between them, which made Will scratch his head nervously, while Hanna wanted to go, yet she found herself unable to do that and ended up waiting for him to speak, so they could be together a little bit longer. 
Will had been away for almost a month and this was the first time they were alone. 
However, Hanna couldn’t come up with a topic and it would sound a little bit forced if she asked him about his journey. 
"I- I will go to my room," Hanna mumbled. "Good night, Will." She turned around. 
"Hm, Hanna?" 
"Yes?" Hanna wanted to kick herself because she turned around a little bit too fast, as if she was so eager to stay, fortunately, Will didn’t notice that. "Do you want to say something?" 
"Actually, I bought something on our way back, I thought it would be nice on you, but I don’t know when I will meet you, so I kept it in my room." Will felt like he rather wanted to fight a monster right now after he blurted out those things. "Do you want to come to my room?" 
Hanna raised her head immediately when Will said that, but then the poor warrior immediately realized that he phrased his words wrongly and it sounded very ambiguous. 
"No, what I meant is... I will go get it from my room, you can wait here if you want, I will come back real quick!" he hastily explained what he meant before Hanna got the wrong idea. 
Will gritted his teeth, he wanted to kick himself for his clumsiness, but his body stiffened when he felt Hanna stopping him. She grabbed his arm and looked at him with her lucid eyes. 
"Let me go with you. Your room is far from here." It would take a lot of effort and time if he had to run back and forth. 
"Oh, right... okay." Will scratched his head and Hanna walked with him. 
Neither of them talked much as they walked to the warrior’s quarters. They ran into a few warriors, but before they could tease them, Will would glare at them to shut their filthy mouths. One look from him was enough to make them mum. 
Probably, Cane’s coldness rubbed off on him, thus he could pull off such a threatening look. 
"I don’t know if you’ll like it, but I think it will look good on you." Will pulled out a necklace with a small pendant from the drawer. 
Seeing how nervous the man was, Hanna couldn’t help but tease him. "Will you put it on me?"
###Chapter 169: I WANT YOU TO MEET MY FAMILY
Chapter 169: I WANT YOU TO MEET MY FAMILY
This was probably the first time for Hanna to enter a warrior’s bedroom and Will’s was very orderly. Everything was neat and clean, even though there were not a lot of things inside this small room, it still portrayed his simplicity perfectly. 
"I don’t know if you’ll like it, but I think it will look good on you." Will held out a necklace which had a small blooming flower as its pendant and dropped it in her hand in such a way that made it look like it was not any special gesture. 
Meanwhile, seeing how nervous the man was, Hanna couldn’t help but want to tease him. "Will you put it on me?" She handed the necklace back to him and then turned around. She pulled her hair to the side and showed her neck and shoulder to him. 
The necklace slipped from his hand and fell to the floor with a soft clink, which snapped him back to his senses. 
"Sure, I will." Will bent down his body and picked the necklace up, his hands were shaking a bit when he tried to clasp it. His face looked very serious, as if he was solving a difficult riddle. 
It took him a full four minutes, before he could secure the necklace around her slender neck. 
"Okay, it’s done." Will’s voice was a little bit raspy and he cleared his throat when Hanna turned around and showed the necklace to him. 
"Does it look good on me?" Hanna asked, her voice was soft and small. 
"Perfect." 
========================== 
Iris had never been in this part of the pack before, but after walking for so long, she felt her feet hurt so badly, especially when they had to climb the hill. They actually took a mountain path. She was not sure where Cane wanted to take her. 
They were out of the fortress, which meant they were out of the protection of the pack. 
There was even some point where Iris entertained the thought that Cane would kill her when it was only the two of them, out of people’s sight, but then, he didn’t need to come all the way here if he really wanted to do that. 
Or perhaps, he simply wanted to take a walk, since that was what he said to her earlier. Only after they reached their destination did Iris know where he took her. 
It was the Howling Wolf pack’s family tomb, where all the dead members of the pack were buried. 
"The pack house and the fortress were built solely on the purpose of protecting the people from the attacks and monsters, while this place was built outside of the fortress so that the warriors wouldn’t have to worry about protecting it even if we are under attack. So, it wouldn’t be another spot that needed to be protected." 
Cane answered Iris’ question when she asked why the tomb was placed out of the pack house. He was quite generous with his explanation, as he talked a little bit long. It seemed, his mood was not that bad. 
"If it was built inside the fortress, in case of an emergency situation, they will try to protect this place too, even if they were told not to." 
That made sense to Iris, because no matter what, even if it was only the remains of the dead bodies of the people that they knew, buried deep in the ground, there would always be a sentiment there. 
Even so, a pack tomb was not something that could be built anywhere and abandoned, therefore, it was built closest to Goffa mountain, the mountain that stretched across the two packs, which was also a strategic point for a battle. 
"Cold?" Cane asked when he noticed Iris was ’unusually’ quiet. 
"Not really." 
Despite her answer, Cane took off his cloak and draped it around her shoulders. It was too big and too long for her, until the hem of it swept the ground with every small movement of her. It almost looked like his cloak buried her.
Cane frowned, but said nothing, as he strode ahead. 
Meanwhile, Iris was thankful for the cloak, now she felt warm, only... this cloak was really heavy... She wriggled her way to follow Cane. 
Cold wind buffeted Iris’ hair, as her hair started coming off from her braid. She walked right behind Cane to take shelter, because his tall and broad back could shield her from the wind. 
"Alpha, Luna," a young warrior greeted both of them in front of a building that resembled a small chapel. "I have been informed that you will come tonight." He handed two small pouches to Cane. 
Iris observed her surroundings, her eyes widened and the first thing that she noticed was a sturdy stone tower. 
Cane handed one pouch to Iris, which she realized was filled with silver coins. Why would she need these coins when they were here to visit a tomb? 
She thought she would figure it out later, thus she didn’t need to ask. 
Cane led the way and entered the small chapel first and Iris followed behind him, while the young warrior stayed in his place, it seemed, he wouldn’t come with them. 
Once they were inside the chapel, she could see nothing but a huge set of stairs that was leading to the underground. 
"It is down there?" Iris stared down the stairs and felt uncomfortable because it was dark. She hated darkness. She felt like it suffocated her. 
Cane didn’t answer her, instead, he lit up the torch and then lit up another torch that was close to the stairs. The light illuminated every dark corner of this place and made it more bearable for her. 
"Why are we here?" Iris asked, she followed Cane closely, walking down the stairs, as he lit up all the torches along the way, until it was so bright here. This place was like an underground cave. 
They first headed to the outermost chamber, where there were five stone coffins encased within a rock altar. The carved stone slabs on each had inscriptions on them. 
"I want you to meet with my family," Cane said. His voice was solemn.
###Chapter 170: I WILL STAND BY HIM
Chapter 170: I WILL STAND BY HIM
There was a small crest of black wolf, the crest of the Howling Wolf pack, on each slab and below it, there was a poem. 
** I hope the universe delivers my prayers to you, 
I hope they jump over barriers to get to you, 
I hope they cross the oceans to reach you, 
I hope they finally bring me back to you. 
I miss you, I will see you soon. ** 
Josh Desgar Nortern of Howling Wolf pack, may your soul rest in peace until the day we are together again. 
** And through these prayers, I ask the universe to keep you warm, despite the cold that tries to creep in, to hold you tight when you feel like sinking, to wipe your tears that are falling, 
To let you know that you are loved. ** 
Crystal Nortern of Howling Wolf pack, may your soul rest in peace until the day we are together again. 
The other three were small coffins that belonged to Rora Nortern and Edgar Nortern, Cane’s twin siblings and the smallest one was Jedith Nortern’s, Cane’s first born, the poor baby that was not even given a chance to live in this world. The baby that was ripped out of his mother’s womb. 
Iris had never mourned anyone before, she didn’t know much about how to do it either. Every pack had their own tradition that they followed, thus she stayed silently behind Cane’s back, staring at the poem. 
Cane tapped her shoulder. "Put the silver coins on the coffins," he said. His voice was soft and solemn. 
The coffins were only artificial, since the remains of his parents had never been found, while the other three managed to be preserved because of Iris. 
Cane took the urns from below the tree on the hill and brought them back home after a decade. The place that they belonged to. 
This place was so quiet and warm, as if there was nothing that could disturb the tranquility in the air surrounding. Iris felt like they were in a different world entirely and her mind wouldn’t stop playing ’what ifs’. 
What if her father didn’t attack them? What if they survived the attack? 
The answers were far too simple, these people would still be alive now. Meanwhile, his twin siblings would be around her age, only they were frozen in time already. 
Below the small coffins there was a poem, the same poem that Iris had carved on the root of the tree for them. 
Somehow, Iris felt suffocated. She felt a lump in her throat when she put the silver coins on each of the coffins. Her vision was blurry because of her tears. 
Her hands were shaking when she offered the silver coins. She bit her lip to prevent herself from crying. They were so young and the baby was not even born then. 
Iris knew what her father had done to them down to every detail and to remember such a painful thing right now, Iris felt her heart being torn apart. It took everything in her not to break down, crying. 
She was not even sure if it was right for her to be here. 
And as if Cane could hear what was in her mind, he spoke as soon as Iris turned around after she had placed the coins on the five of them. 
"We will go to the capital city and have our ceremony, which will attest to your position as the Luna of the pack, so I need to take you here to know about my family, as you will be part of this pack." 
Part of the pack... 
She had never been part of anything in her entire life and was not sure if someone wanted her to be part of them. Her brother’s words kept echoing in her mind about how a useless creature like her should be grateful for being alive and shouldn’t ask for anything else. 
Mason always said that he and father only tolerated her existence because of the blood that coursed through her veins. 
Iris lowered her head when she followed Cane to the innermost chamber, where there was only a coffin there, decorated beautifully. 
It was the coffin of Cane’s destined mate. Leane. 
This time, Cane said nothing, he silently placed the coins and then turned around, but Iris couldn’t take it anymore. She fell to her knees and sobbed. Her heart was in agony. Guilty feelings ate her alive. 
"I- Is it alright for me to be here?" Iris asked between her sobs, but she couldn’t find the answer, because she couldn’t see Cane. All she saw through her tears was the poem on the slab. 
** There is freedom in loving you, in letting go of all the feelings. I have tried so hard to subdue. 
There is freedom in loving you, in giving my all, leaving nothing left, never holding back. 
Knowing you would do the same, knowing you feel the same. ** 
Leane Nortern of Howling Wolf pack, faithful and beloved mate, you are loved, despite the distance between us. 
"I- I am sorry... I am truly sorry..." 
Iris knew it was not her who had done this. She was not responsible for anything that befell upon them, but for some reason, the guilt suffocated her and she couldn’t hold herself back any longer. 
This agony gnawed at her heart, and she felt stifled. She couldn’t stop her tears. 
This was not her fault, but why did she feel this way? Wave after wave of sadness hit her so hard. 
’I promise you, I will keep him safe on your behalf. I will do everything that I can to help him. I will cherish him and stand by him, even if the whole world is against him.’ 
Iris prayed, she promised her. 
She didn’t know why she felt that way, this strong desire to protect Cane, though there was nothing much that she could do. Probably because Cane was her mate and the mate bond had grown stronger each time they were together or probably because of her guilt over what her family had done to his. 
Or maybe, it was a mix of both. 
On the other hand, Cane stared at her. His dark eyes were akin to a pair of bottomless pits. No one could tell what was in his mind.
###Chapter 171: EXHAUSTION AND NIGHTMARE
Chapter 171: EXHAUSTION AND NIGHTMARE
If the attack hadn’t happened, then Cane would have been a great parent to his ten years old son with his destined mate, who more than deserved the title of the Luna of this pack. 
It would have been Leane who went to the capital city and had the ceremony. It would have been her name that would be engraved beside Cane’s name, as the Luna of the Howling Wolf pack. 
Her father had destroyed their lives and it was Iris that would take Leane’s position. 
Iris cried so hard as she kept asking for forgiveness for something that she didn’t do, something that she couldn’t prevent and something that she was not part of. 
Meanwhile, Cane waited until she calmed down enough before he told her that they needed to go because it was almost midnight. 
They returned to the pack house on the horse, the guard prepared one for them, thus they could be behind the fortress faster. 
During their trip back, neither of them said anything, even after they reached the pack house, both of them went to their respective rooms in silence, there was no word to exchange. Both of them were deep in their own thoughts, immersed so deep in their own agony and grievances. 
That night, Cane had his nightmare again. 
It was the time around his three years of slavery, this dream looked very lucid with all the gruesome details that he really wished to forget. 
Mason had this idea to abandon all the elderly of the Howling Wolf pack in the Goffa mountain. He then forced Cane to watch them being mauled by the monsters there. 
Most of the elderly were those who were no longer able to fight and even too old to walk on their own and needed constant assistance. 
Therefore, Mason deemed them as a nuisance and a waste of space and food. There was no fun in keeping them around, as they were too weak for any twisted entertainment in his mind. 
In that case, he came up with this brilliant idea to get rid of them all. 
And that was where Cane found himself, staring from the fortress, watching twenty three elderly people that he had known for his whole life being ripped apart by the monsters. Their screams kept echoing in his mind even when he woke up. 
The fear on their faces... How they begged for mercy from Mason, who just kept laughing at their misery... 
The smell of their blood... 
It was a complete massacre, since none of them could fight those monsters. 
In less than three hours, those monsters killed off those elderly without even leaving any bones, only leaving trails of blood in their wake when they finally left after they were done with their feast. 
Cane sat down and closed his eyes, but the darkness only intensified his memories, thus he got off the bed and went to his study room. 
"Call Mal and Lex," Cane ordered the guard, who was standing outside of his bedroom. 
Mal and Lex were the spies that he found in the other pack during his journey to Moon Dew pack. 
Cane tried to track down all the spies that were scattered in the other packs; he had been reconnecting the chain of information that his father had built, because this was important for his grand plan. 
The sun had not yet appeared and the sky was still so dark, but the Alpha didn’t have any desire to fall asleep again, without her around, those nightmares kept haunting him restlessly. 
=========================== 
The next day after her trip to the Howling Wolf pack grave, Iris didn’t go out of her room, she spent her time sitting on the windowsill, staring into the distance. She had not yet mentally recovered from it. 
Cane didn’t have any bad intention when he wanted her to see his family, because after the ceremony, she would claim the position of the Luna of the pack and no one could say otherwise, nor could they question her status. 
However, Iris’ mind was all over the place, she was mentally drained and this cost her physic too, because she felt exhausted to even talk with Hanna. 
Meanwhile, Hanna had tried everything to find out what had happened, but her missy simply dismissed her and told her to leave her alone. It was clear she didn’t want to be disturbed. 
At the same time, Hanna had her own conundrum and she couldn’t discuss this with Iris because she was like that, thus most of the time, they spent their time in silence when they were together in the room. 
On the other hand, Jace had been trying to pry about what was the plan in Cane’s mind. He became so frustrated when Cane didn’t start their preparations for their departure to the capital city, despite the decree being arrived three days ago. 
"Cane, are you trying to push the King to his limits? Or are you trying to wage a war against the Crown?" Jace asked the Alpha with a frown. 
Usually, he was the cold headed among the three, but this time, Ethan simply appeared not to care about his own predicament at all as he spent his time with all the people around him to his heart’s content. 
Other people might see him as his usual self, but in Jace and Will’s eyes, he looked more like someone, who thought that they would never see these people again, thus he wanted to spend his time with them to the fullest, which could be said to be true, because his offense was too severe to be pardoned. 
"If you really want to go on a war against the Crown, at least tell me, so I can prepare our warriors!" Jace was frustrated. The idea of going to a war was ridiculous, because the outcome of it was very obvious, but if that was what Cane wanted, he was ready to serve him until his last breath. 
"No, there will be no war," Cane replied. 
But, before the discussion could go any further and Cane could explain his plan, someone burst into the room without permission.
###Chapter 172: A LESSON FOR ARIA
Chapter 172: A LESSON FOR ARIA
Before Jace could hear the explanation from Cane about what he was going to do regarding the matter with Ethan, someone interrupted them. 
Jace didn’t need to turn around to know who that was, because her scent was the first thing that hit him. He closed his eyes, trying to rein in his anger. 
In the beginning, the Beta didn’t think much about it, but it didn’t take long for him to feel frustrated and now he was so angry because of the interruption. 
"You can at least knock on the door," Jace said when Aria walked past him, but the woman just threw him a glance and strode toward Cane nonchalantly. 
They were inside the study room, though there was no guard before the door, Aria must know Cane was inside. If not her, who else could enter his study room, a place where the Alpha would hold important meetings, without permission, or even a knock on the door. 
"There is something important..." Aria was about to talk to Cane, but the Alpha looked at her coldly. 
Aria had done this countless times and this definitely was not the first time for Cane to remind her to knock on the door. 
It was a very basic thing and it had nothing to do with status or anything, but Aria seemed very confident to forget about it every time she entered the room. She didn’t even put an effort into remembering that. 
"Go out and knock on the door and don’t enter until I give you permission," Cane said coldly. He didn’t raise his tone, nor did he word it viciously, but it was enough to make Aria stop in her tracks. She was dumbfounded. 
"I am sorry, I forgot, but this is an important matter..." Aria tried to explain herself, she stuttered, but Cane was firm with his stance. 
"Don’t come in without permission." 
Jace remained silent on the side, he was quite surprised to see Cane being finally fed up with this attitude of hers. It was a simple thing that they could overlook if they were only talking about trivial matters, but when you were in the middle of something important and got interrupted, it was a normal thing to be very pissed off, especially when this happened constantly. 
"I..." Aria wanted to retort, but then she bit her lips and walked back to the door. She closed it and knocked on it, but there was no answer from inside. 
Aria knocked again, but she didn’t get the permission, thus she needed to wait until Jace came out. 
"No, there will be no war," Cane continued from where he left off, as if there was no interruption in the first place and Jace was glad that he finally taught Aria some discipline, so she could learn not to do that again. 
After all, it was common sense to do. 
"So, what will you do about it? By making the King wait for a long time, you are really testing his limits. You’ll make things even worse, if you march to the palace under his wrath." Jace sounded very anxious about the unknown. 
It was not because he was afraid of the King or anything, it was simply because Cane refused to explain things. 
If they really would go to a war against the Crown, he wouldn’t step back and would fully support him, despite the result. But right now, he couldn’t help feeling anxious with a lot of questions in his mind and this guessing game about what Cane might do, simply drove him insane.
"I am waiting for news from Nexus," Cane said. 
Ethan had told him everything about the six spies of Cane’s father they met during their journey, though the Beta condemned them for disappearing in time of need for years when the pack had fallen, albeit there was not much they could do to fight against a whole Blue Moon pack, he couldn’t deny that they really needed to build the chain of information again. It was a vital point. 
"What news are you waiting for?" Jace narrowed his eyes. 
"Something that can threaten my uncle." 
Jace chuckled when he heard Cane calling King Aeon ’my uncle’, because it sounded like he was mocking him instead. 
=========================== 
"Miss, you need to see this! Come here! Quick!" Hanna’s face was red, her eyes lit up and she was very enthusiastic, which made Iris unable to refuse her when she finally dragged her out of the bedroom, after she holed herself up in there for three days straight. 
She had been very gloomy during these few days and Hanna couldn’t stand her being so sad like that. 
"Where are we going?" Iris was panting, as she tried to match her pace with Hanna’s, but she was too fast for her. 
"We need to go faster, or else, we will be late," Hanna said, as she turned her head toward Iris, while they were running. 
"Late for what?!" Iris felt like she was about to cry again when her lungs started burning, but she didn’t get the answer from Hanna and she didn’t have any other choice but to run with her. 
Hanna literally dragged her along, looking very impatient. 
They went through the main hall, the front yard and then the small woods next to the pack house. It was so cold this morning, but for the first time, Iris didn’t feel the chill, because sweat started to form on her forehead, as she tried to run alongside with Hanna. 
After whizzing past several trees, they finally reached a cleared area, where Iris could see Ethan and Ania scooting down near a mound. 
Hearing them coming, both of them whipped their heads in their direction and waved their hands frantically, asking them to run faster. 
Iris was lightheaded, she was out of breath and felt like she was going to collapse at any given second. 
Ania then stood up and excitedly rushed toward Iris, she took her other hand to make her move faster. Iris felt very frustrated when they rushed her like this without saying anything. 
"Come here! Quick! You are going to miss this!" Ania chirped.
###Chapter 173: IT’S A NEW LIFE
Chapter 173: IT’S A NEW LIFE
Aria ended up waiting for almost two hours when, finally, Jace came out of the study room. He looked helpless when he saw she had been crying, while she was waiting. 
"Cane wants to see you," he said simply, while Aria glared at him and wiped her tears with the backs of her hands, as if it was Jace who had made her wait for hours. 
Seeing that, the Beta shook his head and went away. He had a lot of things to do and didn’t have time to indulge in the problem with Aria. 
Inside the room, Cane was putting back a book that he had just read and glanced over when she approached him. 
"I am sorry, Alpha. I will remember it next time," Aria said, lowering her head. She looked ashamed. She had said the same line in the past several times when Cane reminded her about this trivial matter, but she kept forgetting about it. 
This time, it was different, there was a consequence that she had to face, thus she would be careful with this next time. 
"What do you want to say?" Cane turned around and looked at her. He didn’t look angry, nor did he look disappointed, but he seemed so distant, as if Aria was staring at a different person entirely. 
"There is a problem in the orphanage," she said in a small voice. "A little girl fell sick three days ago and today, we found two other children suffering with the same symptoms." 
Cane frowned. Shifters didn’t usually get sick, even though the little ones didn’t have the same healing ability like that of an adult shifter, but their immunity to illness was above average humans. 
"Has Grace been informed?" Cane started to walk toward the door, while Aria followed behind him, she looked glad that the Alpha took her words seriously. 
"Yes, Grace has been informed, Ardand also came this morning to check the situation, but neither of them could find out the reason for their sickness." Aria needed to half run to catch up with him. 
========================== 
"Come on! Come on! You are going to miss this!" Ethan was being impatient, he seemed even more childish than Ania right now. 
By the time Iris finally squatted down next to the gamma, she was out of breath, but then her eyes widened when she saw what actually they wanted her to see. She couldn’t believe that she got to witness something like this. 
Below the mound, there was a hole, it was a rabbit hole, where they were watching a rabbit give birth to five bunnies! 
Iris was lucky, because she managed to witness the last bunny being born. They were so small and their skin was pinkish and wrinkly. 
"They look like mice!" Ania exclaimed, she frowned. "Where is the fur?" She blinked her eyes, confused. "Are they really bunnies?" 
"Silly, of course, they are bunnies, when they grow older and eat enough, their fur will grow," Ethan explained. 
"But, maybe it’s a mistake, maybe they are really mice," Ania insisted. In her childish mind, bunnies would look just like rabbits, only much smaller in size. "They are not cute." 
Ethan and Hanna laughed when they heard this, while Iris was mesmerized to witness the birth of a living creature. 
It’s a new life. 
There would always be a new life that you could cherish. The dead would remain the same, but the living needed to strive for themselves and those they cherished. 
"It’s beautiful," Iris said. She felt slightly better. "Thank you for showing me this." 
"Ugh! I feel like I want to eat rabbit meat," Ethan groaned. 
"Ethan!" Ania and Hanna hit his shoulder for his comment. How could he say something like that at a lovely moment like this? 
Thankfully, Iris was not aware of what the three of them were arguing about... 
=========================== 
"Alpha," Aliana greeted Alpha Cane politely when she saw him enter the room. She was Jace’s sister and ever since they returned to the Howling Wolf pack, she had been in charge of the orphanage. 
Most of the children here came from the Blue Moon pack. They lost their parents and siblings from the monster attack last time that happened when they were still there. 
"What happened here?" Cane asked, while Aliana walked beside him and gave a rundown of the events that had happened in the orphanage. As for Aria, she walked behind the two of them. She didn’t look happy to be left behind like this, but she kept her mouth shut. 
Based on what Aliana told him, the sickness started with Emma, a little girl around the age of four, she suddenly got a fever and fell unconscious the next morning. 
Grace was called, but her fever didn’t go down and she remained unconscious, until two of her roommates fell sick with the same symptoms as her. 
"Alpha, I don’t think it is wise for you to enter the room, if the illness is contagious, it will put your life at risk," Aliana reminded him, before Cane opened the door. 
Yet, Cane didn’t heed her warning and pushed the door open, he walked inside, where Grace and Ardand were discussing something. 
Both of them immediately greeted Cane and told him in detail about what they had found, which was not much, and also their analysis. 
"There is nothing wrong with them, but we can’t use healing power on them. This case is almost like Luna Iris’, but feels a little different," Grace muttered to herself, after she and Ardand explained everything. 
"What do you mean it is the same as her, but different?" 
"Luna Iris’ body rejects the healing power because of her constitution, as if she was born that way, but for these children, it felt like there is something that prevents us from using the healing power." It was Ardand, who answered Cane’s question. 
Meanwhile, outside of the door, Aria stared at the three children with conflicted eyes, before they turned determined. She had already reached this point, there was no turning back for her now. 
Aria fiddled with the small needle between her fingers in her pocket.
###Chapter 174: MY KITE!
Chapter 174: MY KITE!
"Alpha, it will be better if you do not stay for long here, just in case," Ardand spoke carefully. He was worried about the same thing as Aliana. 
If something happened to Cane, they didn’t know what to do, especially when they really didn’t know what was going on with these children. 
Seeing their worried faces, Cane finally stepped out of the room. It wouldn’t do any good if he too fell sick. Moreover, he couldn’t help with anything by staying inside the room with them either. 
The orphanage was a two storey house with around twenty small rooms for the little children. Because the number of the rooms didn’t meet the number of the children, they actually allocated one room to every three or four children. 
Their ages range from infancy to twelve years, while those above twelve years old could join the rank of the warriors, work in the orphanage to look after the little ones or find other work. 
"Why are you here?" Cane asked Aria when he walked toward the yard, where children were playing with the six adults who looked after them. 
As far as Cane knew, Aria was not really fond of children. She might not realize it, but Cane was an observant person, thus it was easy for him to tell. 
"I have been helping Aliana around here, a week after you left for the Moon Dew pack," Aria replied honestly. She looked demure when she said that. 
Cane glanced at her, a complicated look flashed in his eyes, but it disappeared quick enough when he felt something bump into his leg and out of instinct, he bent down to hold it. 
It was a little boy, around the age of four. His cheeks were round and his hair was as black as charcoal. He blinked his big eyes and then pointed his finger at a tree in the middle of the yard. 
"My kite!" he said in a chirpy voice. "My kite!" 
"You should call him Alpha," Aria chided lightly, but there was a smile tugging up the corners of her lips. 
However, the little boy didn’t understand the concept and tugged at Cane’s pants, while jumping up and down, saying the same thing. "My kite! My kite!" 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t heed Aria’s words and simply carried the boy in his arms, as he walked toward the tree that the little boy pointed out with his stubby finger. 
"My kite!" The little boy wailed. His kite was stuck on a branch of this tree and he couldn’t reach it, thus he looked for the tallest person there. Of course, because of his height Cane was easy to spot on. 
"Oh, I am sorry, Alpha, did he bother you?" Carla, a young girl, around the age of fifteen came running to see the little boy in Cane’s arm. 
"Carla, what are you doing? Hurry, take him..." Aria chided lightly, but she didn’t have a chance to finish her sentence before Cane spoke. 
"It’s okay," he said curtly and then leapt with the little boy in his arms to one of the branches, near where the kite was stuck. He let the little boy take it and hug it. 
Cane did all of that with ease, even when he landed back, he didn’t look like he used any effort, while the little boy laughed giddily to get his kite back. 
Cane then jumped down and let go of the little boy, as he ran toward Carla and showed her the kite. 
"Say thanks to the Alpha," Carla said softly, caressing his head. 
"Say thanks to the alpha," the little boy parroted what Carla said. 
"No, say; thank you Alpha," Carla chuckled. 
The little boy pursed his lips because he didn’t know what he had done wrong. "No. Thank you alpha." 
A rare smile played on Cane’s lips, as he stretched out his hand and caressed his chubby cheek. "Don’t lose it again." 
The little boy stared at Cane and spoke with all seriousness that a four year old child could muster. "You will get it for me, if I lose it." 
This time, Cane laughed, which stunned Aria, because she hardly heard him laughing. The sound was so pure and filled with mirth. Probably this was the first time they heard the Alpha laugh like that. 
"Sure, I will." Cane nodded and watched the little boy skip away with his kite, Carla then nodded at Cane and resigned herself before she ran to catch up with him. 
His features looked serene and for the first time after a long time, Aria could see Cane’s warm side again. This was the man that her former missy loved. Aria was Leane’s personal servant when the two of them realized that they were mates. 
She came with Leane to accompany her to enter the Howling Wolf pack and stayed by her side. Therefore, she knew Cane more, especially his warm and loving side. The way he looked at his mate, filled with love and affection. 
His soft side that she thought she would never see again. 
Aria pressed her lips into a thin line before she touched Cane’s shoulder. He was still squatting down in front of her, so it was easy for her to use the small needle. 
"What’s that?" Cane whipped his head around toward Aria and then stood up. He felt something prick his shoulder. 
"There is an ant on your shoulder, so I swatted it away," she replied smoothly. 
Cane said nothing and then walked away. He didn’t leave, but sat down on the bench, under the shadow of the tree, while Aria sat next to him. Both of them watched the children play around. 
It was so peaceful, Aria thought it would be nice if they could be like this forever, or maybe in the future they could sit together like this, while watching their own children. It would be a beautiful picture. 
"Aria." 
"Yes?" Aria tilted her head, staring at him sheepishly. 
"Next time, refrain yourself from chiding them over trivial things."
###Chapter 175: SHE IS BAD LUCK!
Chapter 175: SHE IS BAD LUCK!
"Next time, refrain yourself from chiding them over trivial things." Cane didn’t like it when Aria was about to scold the little boy for something that was so insignificant earlier. He could tell that she was only holding back because he was there. 
"I am sorry about that, I just thought that the boy bothered you, since you looked so troubled and worried with the problem of the strange illness." Aria lowered her head, she looked remorseful, but Cane didn’t prolong the topic and kept his silence. 
He enjoyed the innocent laughter of those children and how their voices chirped happily. Their world must be so beautiful and pure if they could still laugh like that after all they had gone through and how they lost their families. 
Cane hoped, one day, he would find that kind of peace too. 
"Do you know the name of that little boy?" 
Aria gave a start at that random question. "What? The boy that approached you earlier?" She asked, but actually, she was trying to remember his name. "James," she blurted out the first name that came to her mind, because she couldn’t remember that little boy’s name. No. She didn’t even know his name. 
Moreover, Cane wouldn’t know his name either, right? There were so many children here. 
"No. His name is Archer," Cane said simply. Aria spent three weeks in the orphanage, so she must remember some of them, even if she couldn’t remember them all. 
"Ah, I mixed it up with another boy’s name. I will remember that." 
Cane said nothing, but continued to sit there in silence. 
============================= 
"What happened to you?" Jace noticed there was something unusual with Cane. He looked a little bit pale and was unusually sluggish. "Are you listening?" 
"Hm?" Cane raised his head and stared at the Beta. "I am fine." 
Jace shook his head and put away the scrolls of reports in front of him. "No, this will not do. You need to take a rest. It is almost midnight." 
This time, Cane didn’t refuse, as he went to the bed, which was another surprising thing for Jace to see how obedient the Alpha was being. Probably, he was really in pain. 
But then, his expression grew fearful, as he remembered something important. 
The Beta rushed toward the door and issued an order to the guard there. "Call Grace here immediately!" 
He remembered that this afternoon Cane went to the orphanage to see the children that mysteriously fell ill. Their symptoms were the same as his now. At night, they got fever and fell unconscious the next day. 
Was the childrens’ illness really contagious? If that was the case, his sister, Grace, Ardand and most of the children in the orphanage must have been infected by now. 
Jace looked at the Alpha’s complexion and he became restless. He was not sure whether this was contagious or not, but he couldn’t let anyone come closer to this room.
Meanwhile, Iris was sleeping soundly when she suddenly woke up feeling unwell. Her ears kept ringing painfully and she heard the howling sound so close, as if the beast was right next to her. 
Iris looked around her room, the fire in the fireplace was the only source of light, while the moon shone brightly in the night sky. 
This was not a new moon, but why did she hear this sound so vividly? Did something happen to Cane? 
The only time she could hear was the time when Cane shifted into his lycan form. But for some reason, she could hear his beast now. Was this the same? Did he shift into his lycan even if it was not a new moon? 
Plagued with a lot of questions, Iris immediately got off the bed and rushed toward the door that connected their rooms. She was only wearing a thin nightdress while her auburn hair bloomed around her little face with big curls that looked messy, but she couldn’t care less about her appearance right now because her concern was Cane. 
Something was not right. 
"Cane?" Iris called him. This was the first time for her to use this connecting door, but she was surprised to find there were a lot of people there. 
Jace, Grace, Ardand and Aria. The four of them circled around the bed, as they were talking about something that she couldn’t read. 
When her voice rang inside the room, all of them whipped their heads around toward Iris, who emerged from the door, barefooted. She looked clumsy and worried. 
"What happened here? What happened to Cane?" Her heart palpitated when she sensed the tension inside the room. It was so thick and suffocating. 
All of them were silent, unsure how to answer her question, but this made Iris grow restless. She quickened her steps toward the bed to see for herself what was going on with Cane. 
However, as Iris got closer to him, suddenly this wave of uneasy feeling crashed over her senses, leaving her completely senseless for a few seconds, as she staggered back. She was a little bit dizzy, because of this ominous feeling. 
Seeing that, Jace was about to step forward to catch her, because she looked like she was about to faint, but Aria beat him to it. 
She rushed toward Iris, but not to help her, instead, she pushed her harshly. "Stay away from him! You are bad luck for our pack!" She screamed at the top of her lungs, her eyes were so red because she had been crying. "I have told you before that you are bad luck! Go back to your pack!" 
"Aria!" Jace held her hand, just in case she tried to attack Iris again, while Grace immediately rushed forward to help Iris to stand up. 
"Are you okay?" Grace asked Iris. 
"Throw her away from this pack! She is unlucky!" Aria shouted. 
Meanwhile, Iris raised her head. She looked calm, but surprisingly, she glared at Aria the next moment. She didn’t do anything, but why would she always blame her?
###Chapter 176: RETALIATION
Chapter 176: RETALIATION
Iris was very anxious. The howling was laced with anguish. It tugged at her heartstrings painfully, and sounded like a wounded animal and this made her feel on tenterhooks. 
The sound was calling for her desperately. It was different from the howling that she heard every new moon. This time, it was way more unsettled. 
"Throw her away from this pack! She is unlucky!" Aria shouted. She glared down at Iris, who fell to the floor, because she pushed her too hard. "This is Gerald’s curse for having her as the Luna of the pack!" Aria’s voice echoed inside this silence room. 
"Enough, Aria!" Grace said sternly, as she helped Iris to stand up. 
"What?! Even now, you are unable to tell?! We shouldn’t have brought her here! The attack of the monsters, the storm, Ania was poisoned! All of that is because she is bad luck! The Moon Goddess will not bless our pack with a person like her here!" Aria was indignant, she pointed her finger at Iris’ face. 
It was not the first time for Aria to call Iris bad luck. She blamed her for whatever bad things that happened in this pack blindly, even if it sounded so crazy. 
"Nonsense!" 
"Don’t be ridiculous, Aria!" 
Grace and Jace talked at the same time. They didn’t have time to indulge her jealousy when they didn’t know what happened to Cane. 
However, Aria didn’t want to stop, she kept cursing at Iris, while crying, even though Jace tugged at her hand and tried to pull her out of the room. 
"I will not go anywhere if she is still here!" Aria was enraged. She pulled her hand out of Jace’s grip. 
Seeing this, Jace could only sigh deeply. He then looked at Iris. "Go back to your room, Iris, we will handle the situation here."
It would be better not to have the two of them in the same room, after all, they couldn’t help with anything if even Grace and Ardand were flabbergasted with this situation. 
Aria was stubborn, but with Iris’ mild temper, it would be easy to persuade her, right? The rest of them were also thinking the same. But, to their surprise, they were wrong. 
"No," Iris replied. Her voice was curt and clear. She looked as stubborn as Aria right now, as she glared at the mistress. 
Her short answer left them stunned. They didn’t expect Iris to be difficult as well. 
"Iris, this is not the time..." Grace tried to talk to her not to escalate the situation, because they knew how obstinate Aria could be. 
"No, I need to check on him," Iris blurted it out without a second thought, as she moved toward the bed, where Cane was sleeping in discomfort. 
For other people, what she said sounded like the most ridiculous thing to say at this moment. What did she need to check? She sounded like a healer or something, someone who held a certain power to analyze the situation and Cane’s condition. 
However, they were not privileged to understand how Iris felt right now. 
It was not only the anguish in the howling that kept echoing in her ears, the sound that none of them was aware of, but also this strange feeling that tugged at her heart. The sensation that she felt when she sensed a magic stone, but it felt more ominous. 
Iris couldn’t explain this and they didn’t even ask her when they forbade her to come closer to the bed. 
"No, Iris, it can be contagious, it is better for you not to come closer," Grace said, as she held her back. 
But, it was Aria, who was way more aggressive to stop Iris from approaching the bed, she broke free from Jace’s grip and rushed toward Iris. She grabbed her hair and yanked it as hard as she could, which made Iris’ scalp feel like it was on fire. It burned. 
Tears started to form in Iris’ eyes because of the pain. 
"ARIA!" Jace roared, he grabbed her hand and shouted at her face. This time, he used his authority in his voice, though it was not as strong as the Alpha’s, he was still the Beta of the pack. "LET HER GO!" 
Aria was startled, as she was forced to let go of Iris’ hair. 
Grace immediately rushed toward Iris and looked at her with worry. She tried to cast a healing spell on her head to alleviate the pain, but it didn’t seem to work, while Iris held her head, tears streamed down her cheeks. 
"Get out of this room!" Jace glowered at her, but she was as stubborn as ever. 
"I will not go anywhere if she is still here!" Aria pointed an accusatory finger at Iris. 
Jace was about to tell Iris to go back to her room, so the two of them could get out of here and let Grace and Ardand work. 
However, he only saw a flash of auburn and the next thing that they knew was, a slap landed hard on Aria’s cheek, the sound of it echoed inside the room, which stunned them all. 
This was the last thing that they expected from Iris, since she was not a violent type. 
Even Iris herself was surprised when she slapped Aria, but she didn’t feel any regret. What the mistress had said was very cruel and her burning scalp agitated her. 
Aria held her aching cheek in disbelief, anger flickered in her eyes, as she was ready to shift into her beast form and tear her apart! 
But when the room fell into silence, there was a series of knocks on the door before it was opened with urgency. 
"Grace, you need to come with me, quick!" Aliana said hurriedly, tears streaming down her eyes, her face was so red because she cried too much. 
"What happened?" Grace asked, as she approached Aliana, who was standing at the door, she didn’t dare to enter the Alpha’s bedroom without permission. 
"Emma died! She died!" Aliana cried her heart out. 
The first child, who had fallen ill, had died.
###Chapter 177: SACRIFICE
Chapter 177: SACRIFICE
Aria hugged herself at the corner of her room, she blanched as she recalled the fact that Emma had died because of the strange illness that she suffered. 
"No... that’s not me. It was not because of me..." She kept repeating the same thing over and over again, as she hugged herself. Her whole body was trembling violently. She couldn’t think straight. 
Aria had to use a lot of effort to rein in her guilty feelings, so no one would be suspicious of her, because they must know that the death of a child that she wasn’t even fond of wouldn’t be able to affect her like this. 
When Dalia entered the room after she heard what happened in the orphanage, Aria raised her head and immediately rushed toward her. She couldn’t stop shaking, her fear turned into anger. 
"What ACTUALLY HAPPENED! HE SAID NOTHING ABOUT THE CHILDREN DYING!" Aria roared and this made Dalia hastily try to calm her down. 
"Lower your voice, Mistress, lower your voice, we can’t let anyone know about this!" She said in panic, as she kept staring at the door, afraid that it would burst open all of a sudden and they would find out what they had done. "Calm down first." 
Dalia held her hand and sat the furious Aria down on the sofa, as she huddled her body again. She hugged herself and her eyes were not focused. 
"The child is dead," Aria repeated the words. "The sorcerer said no one will die, those three children are to be sacrificed, but he needs only their souls, but they will not die..." 
Out of jealousy, when Cane went to the Moon Dew pack with Iris, Aria and Dalia went to the Riverside pack to meet with a sorcerer. The man claimed that he could sever the mate bond between mates, but said some kind of sacrifice had to be offered. 
The sorcerer only said about sacrificing their souls, whatever that meant, not their lives! But one of them died now! 
"What if Cane dies...?" Aria couldn’t even bear that idea. If something bad indeed happened to Cane and he ended up losing his life, what would she do? How could she live with the fact that she had killed the only person that mattered to her?! 
"Mistress..." Dalia tried to urge her to stop panicking, because if someone saw her like this, she would be implicated as well. The punishment would be severe if they were found colluded with the dark magic users, even the royals would get involved in this matter, since dark magic was banned in this continent. 
Heavens knew what would happen to them if the people from the palace got involved in this matter. 
"Prepare a horse! Quick! I need to go to the Riverside pack!" Aria sprang to her feet. 
"Mistress!" Dalia cried out. "If you go now, they will know there is something wrong and if they become suspicious, it will be the end of you! Please consider!" Dalia was so scared. 
"Enough!" Aria roared angrily. "Cane can die at any moment!" This reason alone was enough to silence Dalia, she looked aggrieved. She didn’t want the Alpha to die either. 
"But, the sorcerer said that he will be like this, right?" 
"That quack sorcerer said no one will die!" Aria countered. "But, can’t you see? A girl already died!" 
Aria didn’t have any patience left, as she strode out of her bedroom swiftly. She walked so fast, as she raised her dress. 
On the other hand, Dalia too panicked hard when she couldn’t find Aria. The journey to the Riverside pack would take half a day, which meant Aria would be missing for a whole day. What would she say if someone asked about her whereabouts? 
The only way for her right now was to find Bian. She needed to think of a solution! After all, this was her idea! 
============================= 
Grace and Ardand went to the orphanage to see Emma’s body; they hoped they could figure out something after they saw the poor child’s corpse. 
Meanwhile, without Aria around, Jace couldn’t stop Iris when she said that she wanted to check on Cane. 
The Beta left her there with Ethan and Will to guard Cane. In case something happened, they needed to rush to inform the healer about it, while he needed to take care of something urgent on behalf of Cane. He needed to take care of the situation in the orphanage too and made sure the news did not leak, just in case it would lead to chaos. 
Ethan leaned over and tapped Iris’ arm. "Touching him will not arouse him." 
Iris immediately stopped, her eyes widened and there was a tinge of red on her cheeks when she read what he said. "I am not a pervert!" She retorted with a hiss, while Ethan gave her a wolfish grin. 
"You keep patting him. Don’t take advantage while he is knocked out cold," Ethan couldn’t stop teasing her, because the situation was so tense and quiet. 
It didn’t mean he did not care about Cane’s condition, he absolutely did, but everyone had their own way of dealing with the tension. 
"I am not!" Iris retorted again, she looked a little bit embarrassed, but her hand still hovered above Cane’s shoulder. "I feel... there is something on his shoulder." 
Ethan arched his brows. "What do you mean by you feel there is something on his shoulder?" 
Will, who was leaning his body against one of the pillars of this four poster bed, listened to their banter silently. He was very quiet and was deep in thought, as if he had been praying solemnly. 
"I don’t know, but..." Iris was hesitant, her finger brushed on his shoulder again, over the same spot that Aria had pricked Cane. "There is something here..." 
Ethan glanced at Will, who was frowning as well. 
"What do you mean there is something there? What is in there?" Ethan leaned over, his expression became serious. 
Iris bit her lip, she was thinking hard about it before she spoke. "There is a shard of magic stone there."
###Chapter 178: DARK MAGIC
Chapter 178: DARK MAGIC
"There is a shard of magic stone there." Iris lowered her eyes, she stared at the exact spot she could feel the shard was at. She couldn’t determine from what element the magic stone was. All she could sense was how ominous the feeling it gave off was. 
"A shard of magic stone? Are you sure?" Will asked, but then he tapped on Iris’ shoulder because she was focusing on Cane’s shoulder. He repeated his question when he got her attention. 
"Yes, I am sure. There is a shard of magic stone there, here." Iris pointed at the spot, exactly how she pinpointed the location of the magic stones when she was in the mines. 
Will and Ethan had witnessed her strange, but useful ability. They didn’t doubt her, but how could a shard of magic stone be found there? 
"How can a shard of magic stone be there?" Ethan frowned. "Is that harmful?" Aside from mining the stones and knowing those precious gems could be used by healers and magic users, they literally didn’t know anything about them. 
As shifters, such information was of no use for them. 
It was Will who took the initiative to go and call Grace over, because he thought this was something that was related to Cane’s sudden sickness. "I will go and get Grace." He rushed out of the room immediately and returned with the healer less than half an hour later. 
Grace looked pale, as she asked Iris anxiously. "Are you sure it is a shard of magic stone?" Her eyes widened in fear. 
"Yes," Iris replied, nodding her head to emphasize her answer. 
Meanwhile, Grace immediately took a seat on the edge of the bed on Cane’s left side and looked at him more carefully now, but she couldn’t sense what Iris felt. She neither had Iris’ ability, nor was she a magic user. 
"Can you point it out for me?" Grace asked again, her face was full of concentration. She didn’t doubt Iris when she said she sensed a magic stone, because she had heard how she found forty five magic stones in less than an hour and also the water magic stone that saved Ania’s life during their journey back to the Howling Wolf pack. 
"Here." Iris showed her the same spot that she had shown Ethan. 
Grace checked the spot with so much concentration before she finally felt it. It took her more than ten minutes to feel the strange power there. Without Iris pointing it out for her, she would never be able to find it at all. 
"This is not good," she said in a trembling voice, which alerted Will and Ethan. 
"Why? What happened?" 
"How can a shard of magic stone be buried in his flesh?" 
Both of them asked simultaneously, but Iris paid close attention to Cane’s complexion. She still heard the howling of the beast and this left her restless. The mate bond between them had started to grow, thus she could feel his pain through the bond. 
"Having a shard of magic stone inside one’s body is not a good sign," Grace said, her expression was beyond pale. "The magic stones can be used as media for dark magic." 
"Dark magic is banned in this continent," Ethan interrupted. 
"Banning something didn’t mean it would completely disappear from a continent," Will said, which made sense. 
"What now?" Ethan’s eyes turned sharp. A myriad of thoughts flashed in his mind as to try and pinpoint who could be the person that had inflicted Cane with dark magic. It must be someone close to him. Based on Grace’s explanation, this kind of magic needed a direct contact. Not many people had direct contact with Cane. 
"We need to find the sorcerer or get a magic user strong enough to get rid of the dark magic." 
"I will tell Jace about it." Ethan immediately rushed out of the room, but when he saw a guard outside, he gave him an order. "Call Aria, I want to see her in the Alpha’s room now." 
"But, the mistress went out of the pack," the young guard replied. 
"Where did she go in the middle of the night?" Ethan didn’t like the possibility. 
========================== 
"There is no magic user in this part of the kingdom, as far as I know," Jace said after he sent people to find out the nearby magic users secretly and even sent a letter with the fastest hawk to their men in the Diandem Wolf pack, which was the southernmost pack. However, even if their men really could find a magic user there, it would take days for them to reach here. 
The sun finally rose at the equator and the fire in the brazier and the fireplace had been put off, but there was no significant change in Cane. He was still unconscious while the howling that Iris heard only became more and more unbearably painful. 
"Why don’t we just take it out?" Iris suggested, she wanted the beast to stop being in pain. The mate bond that they shared made it hard for her to endure it, because she was in pain as well. 
"What do you mean by taking it out? This is dark magic that we are talking about, you can’t just touch it. People fear the black magic for a reason," Redmond chided Iris lightly at her suggestion. 
He heard about what happened and came here because Iris was here. 
Yet, Iris actually pretended she didn’t read what he said. "We can make an incision on his shoulder and I think I can take it out." 
"Barehanded?" Redmond chimed in again. He could care less about Cane’s condition, but as someone that had pledged his loyalty to Iris, he couldn’t let her be reckless and put herself in danger. "Didn’t you hear what I said?" 
"You know, she can’t," Will said in a matter of fact tone and shrugged his shoulders when Redmond glared at him. "If you don’t like to be here, you can go, you know." 
Redmond huffed. He didn’t like to be here, but Iris was here and just now she suggested a ridiculous idea, thus how he could go? 
"We can do that, right?" Iris looked at Grace.
###Chapter 179: THE CURSED BEAST
Chapter 179: THE CURSED BEAST
"We can do that, right?" Iris looked at Grace expectantly, as she waited for her answer. 
Unfortunately, Grace shook her head. "No. We can’t do that." Grace then proceeded to explain why she couldn’t do that. "We are dealing with dark magic and you can’t recklessly touch the media that contain it. We don’t know what will happen to you if you pull it out or what will happen to the Alpha. In any case, one needs the same amount of power to counter it." 
And as a healer, Grace had different power from a magic user, and was not qualified to resolve this problem. 
"It is a pity that we don’t have a magic user here," Will murmured, but then he raised his head and looked at Redmond. "Doesn’t the Blue Moon pack have a magic user?" 
All of them turned their heads and quickly looked at Redmond, but the warrior rolled his eyes. "You killed him during the battle," he said simply. 
At that, it was clear they didn’t have any chance to find one in the Blue Moon pack. 
Silence ensued inside the room, as each was deep in their own thoughts. If something really happened to Cane, they would be doomed. The King would be the first person to gobble up the two packs down his throat happily, because Iris, as a luna, wouldn’t be able to hold her ground. 
The future looked so bleak with Cane lying on the bed, after being cursed by someone close to him. It must have been someone that he knew, since he wouldn’t have let just anyone touch him, nor would he have let his guard down. 
Not to mention Cane had neglected the summons to the palace, since he had his plan in motion, but with him unconscious like this, Jace dreaded the worse. 
It was Grace who finally broke the silence, she stretched out her hand and tapped on Iris’ arm, who sat across from her, to get her attention. "Can you take a look at the other two children in the orphanage? I want to know if they have been cursed as well or not." 
The symptoms the children and Cane showed were the same, but Grace wanted to make sure about it. After all, they couldn’t do anything until they found a magic user to dispel the curse. 
"Okay," Iris agreed. She had heard about the two children in the orphanage and felt her heart bleed for Emma, the first girl who was inflicted and died a few hours Ago. Right now, Ardand was there to look after the other two children. 
Reluctantly, Iris let go of Cane’s hand that she had been holding. She could still hear the howling of the beast and was desperate to figure out a way to help lessen his pain, but none of her suggestions were doable since it was dark magic, which was a ground that they couldn’t touch recklessly when they didn’t have ample power or knowledge over it. 
"I will check with the messenger and figure out how to get a magic user here," Jace said, as he followed Iris and Grace out. It would be Will who would look after the Alpha. 
However, they barely took two steps away from the bed when they heard a loud, dangerous growl from Cane and Will shrieked. 
Grace and Jace immediately turned around hearing that, but Iris turned around because the pitiful howling turned into a feral roar in her head. 
"What the hell..." Jace muttered when he saw the Alpha had woken up. He was kneeling on the bed, but there was something wrong with him because it was a fighting stance that he took. 
Out of instinct, Jace stepped forward, shielding Iris and Grace behind his back, so did Will, he took a few steps back, creating distance between them, as he felt danger emanating from the Alpha. 
"Cane?" Jace tried to call him. "Are you okay? Do you know what happened?" He asked him, hoping his wild guess was not true. 
Cane’s eyes were the color of red, they were not golden or black, but the same color when he was in his lycan’s form. 
The lycan let out a low, dangerous growl when Jace kept shielding Iris out of his sight. He couldn’t see her but could sense her scent, and this agitated the lycan. 
However, how was Jace supposed to know that? He didn’t understand that the cursed beast only wanted his mate. And so, he stood in his way, because the Beta saw him as a threat and his first instinct was to protect the two women behind him from the lycan. 
Jace could see that Cane was going to attack. 
"Cane?" Jace called again, but the next thing that happened was; Cane leapt in the air and landed in his lycan form, which shocked Will, Redmond and Grace. They didn’t know about this secret! "Shit!" Jace cursed under his breath, as he shifted into his beast as well to stop the lycan. 
The two beasts’ bodies collided, but the lycan was too strong and the brick-colored beast couldn’t hold the impact, as he was hurled away. His body hit the wall and left a dent on it. 
Grace freaked out, she had never seen a lycan before, let alone think that they even existed, since it was the cursed form of a shifter who mingled with dark magic! 
The healer fell on her butt, unable to move a finger, because she was too scared. She felt her heart stop beating when the lycan ran past her. 
It was not her, who was the target, but Iris. 
Easily, the lycan scooped Iris’ body and burst out of the door, disappearing into the night in a heartbeat. 
It was not a new moon, how could the lycan appear now? 
"Wh- what is going on?" Will was too shocked to react. "What was that? Was that the Alpha?" He turned his head to look at the bed, hoping the Alpha was still there, out cold, but the bed was empty.
###Chapter 180: I DON’T WANT HIM TO DIE
Chapter 180: I DON’T WANT HIM TO DIE
Ethan’s expression looked very scary at this moment. His goofy self was nowhere to be seen. He looked like a beast who was going to rip apart his enemy. His whole body emitted a very dangerous aura, as he stared down at Bian and Dalia. 
"Repeat what you said just now!" Ethan hollered, his brown eyes looked menacing when he glared down at them. 
"Th- the mistress went to the Riverside pack... to- to look for the sorcerer, she wants him to retract the black magic..." Dalia stuttered. She stumbled with her words, but she couldn’t bring herself to speak any more and glanced at Bian beside her. 
Both of them knelt down in front of the Gamma, shivering in fear. 
Meanwhile, Ethan was having a hard time reining in his anger. It had been his problem for a long time now. He could turn one hundred eighty when he was triggered. 
And right now, these two women just told him that it was Aria who had done all of this. She created this huge ruckus that resulted in the death of an innocent child before endangering the Alpha’s life as well! 
"This is treason!" Ethan barked at them, which made them hit their heads on the ground, crying for forgiveness. 
"Have mercy, Gamma Ethan!"
"Please, have mercy on us!" 
Mercy? They just told him how they instigated their mistress to seek a helping hand from a dark magic user to cause a riff between Cane and Iris, which now had gotten out of hand completely! 
"She cursed the Alpha! And the two of you will not leave unscathed!" Aria was to be blamed for what she had done, but these two were the instigators. Without their wicked ideas messing with her emotions, Aria wouldn’t have done it! 
Black magic! 
This was not the first time Cane touched such a thing! What would happen to him now!? Aria could kill him without her knowing it, or have made things even worse for Cane! That stupid woman! 
"Guards!" Ethan roared angrily and two guards entered the room hastily. They looked fearful, because they were not used to the gamma losing his temper like this. Ethan used to drink and fool around with them, thus to see how serious and humorless he was, they felt like they didn’t know him at all. "Bring them to the dungeon!" 
They cried out loud, as they were dragged out of the room. They were currently in Aria’s bedroom, where Ethan interrogated the two of them about the disappearance of the mistress. There was no way they didn’t know where she was and Ethan could smell something was wrong with the entire situation, especially seeing how dismissive they were. 
"Gamma Ethan! Please, have mercy!" 
"No! Not the dungeon! Not the dungeon!" 
It was cruel to put them back in the dungeon after what they had gone through, but what they had done was beyond unforgivable! The Alpha could die just because of such an impulsive decision! 
They were not aware that Cane had already touched dark magic once and how it almost cost him his entire life, but now they did this to him. Ethan couldn’t imagine what would happen to Cane now. 
Once the guards had dragged Dalia and Bian out of the room and locked them in the dungeon, Ethan went to find Jace, to let him know about this, since it was only him and Amee, who was aware about Cane’s situation. 
Yet, before he could go find him, he heard the commotion and his heart almost stopped beating when he saw the lycan fighting four guards with Iris in his arms, as he tried to flee in the mountain direction. From afar, Ethan could see Jace and Will chasing after him in their beast form. 
However, they were not a match for the cursed beast, as he easily broke from them and set off to the Goffa mountain. 
Ethan knew the situation had escalated pretty badly. 
Without a second thought, Ethan shifted into his beast and chased after the lycan along with the others. The only thing in his mind was; did they know it was Cane? 
============================== 
It was almost noon when Aria arrived at the Riverside pack. She immediately rushed toward the sorcerer’s hut and banged on his door loudly, kicking it and hitting it without any reservation because she was scared that she would be too late to save Cane. 
Thankfully, she was skilled enough with horses, thus she didn’t need to wait until they prepared a carriage for her or fear she would alert the other people in the pack because she went out in the middle of the night. 
She didn’t stop until the door opened and a man in the middle of his thirties appeared, he looked neat and clean. 
"Are you trying to tear my door down?" He asked languidly, looking amused by how angry the woman before him was. 
Yet, Aria was having none of it, as she pushed him inside the hut. She shoved him to the side and started to lash out at him. 
"One of the children died!" She roared. "What have you done to them!? You said it was harmless! You said nobody will die!" Aria was out of breath, her fear left her breathless. 
She didn’t mean any harm to Cane. She didn’t want to harm him! But, if the child died, the same thing could happen to Cane too! 
"Break it! I don’t want it! Break it!" Aria hit the sorcerer’s chest out of frustration, bawling her eyes out. 
Meanwhile, the sorcerer let her hit him as she liked without even trying to stop her, because it could help Aria calm down. 
It took more than half an hour for Aria to stop before she flopped to the floor, her face was so red because of tears and her hair was messy. 
"Can I talk now?" The sorcerer asked her softly, he reached out his hand to wipe away her tears and caress her cheeks. 
"Lift it, I don’t want him to die," Aria sobbed.
###Chapter 181: THE LYCAN
Chapter 181: THE LYCAN
Iris woke up with a start, she remembered what had happened last night and immediately pushed herself up to look around her. 
She was in a cave and the sunlight seeped through the cracks in its ceiling, creating blades of light, through which she could see beautiful dust swirling around, but the beautiful sight before her couldn’t make her forget about the predicament she was in, especially when she heard a low growl not too far from her and the lycan emerged from the darkest part of the cave. His red eyes were very intimidating. 
Iris was startled and started to move away from him, trying to put a distance between them. The gruesome images of what happened last night were still fresh in her mind. 
After the lycan managed to take her away from the pack and lost the trackers and those werewolves that tried to chase after them, he brought them straight to the Goffa mountain, where they met countless beasts. 
It was the most terrifying thing that Iris had gone through. The lycan held her with one arm, while fighting the monsters viciously. She didn’t know how it ended, but seeing both of them were still alive, it seemed they managed to make it out alive from the brink of death. 
"Don’t come closer..." Iris whimpered when the lycan moved closer to her. She was afraid. Despite his black fur, she could see the dried blood on his body. It could be his or those monsters’. 
Yet, the lycan didn’t seem to heed her plea, as he kept moving closer. He let out a low growl when Iris kept trying to put a distance between them, until her back hit the rock behind her and she realized she had nowhere to go. 
She looked at the beast closely and remembered how this same beast didn’t hurt her the last new moon and only slept obediently on her lap, thus Iris tried to calm down and let him come closer to her. 
At first, the beast sniffed her, nuzzled her face and licked the mark on her neck, which sent a shiver down her spine. His hot breath fanned her face and he smelled like wood drenched in rain, if she could say. 
The lycan was so big, even bigger than Cane in his beast form. His red eyes were so intimidating, yet they held Iris with curiosity and looked less feral than usual. 
He raised his hand. His palm was even bigger than Iris’ face and grabbed a flock of her curls, which he then tangled his fingers in. 
Iris was afraid that he would yank her hair, but it didn’t happen. This cursed beast only stared at the bright auburn color, fascinated when the rays of the sun fell on it and made it look like it was on fire. 
"Cane?" Iris called his name, trying to engage with him. From what Cane told her, he managed to hold onto a silver of his consciousness even when he was in his lycan form when Iris was around, thus she thought she could reach him. "Cane, do you know me?" Her voice was shaking, but she braced herself when she touched his arm, which made the lycan let out a low growl. 
Iris stopped her movements for a moment, but when she was sure that he wouldn’t harm her, she started to caress his soft fur to calm him down. 
========================== 
"Tell me what the hell happened to the Alpha!?" Will hissed at Jace. He was panicking and frustrated about what he saw last night, but he couldn’t make a sound when there were a lot of warriors around them. 
Yet, when they had scoured the mountain and the sun had risen, he couldn’t hold back anymore and dragged Jace away from the other people to talk privately with him. 
He knew that Jace knew something that he didn’t and he had the explanation about the lycan. 
"I saw it! I saw the lycan!" Will lost his cool, he didn’t act like himself at this moment. He used to be a calm person who could always think clearly, but dreadful thoughts plagued his mind right now. 
"Tone it down!" Jace warned him. "No one can know about it!" He shoved Will against the tree, held him firmly, so he could calm down and talk coherently with him. 
Will shook his head, as if he was trying to get himself together. 
"You didn’t see wrong." Jace stared at the other beasts and the pack members that were busy scouring the area. They were a little bit away from them, so they wouldn’t be able to hear their conversation. "Cane is the lycan." 
Will was unable to believe what he just heard, he waited for Jace to tell him that he was just messing around with him, but that didn’t happen. 
"How? How can he associate himself with dark magic?!" Will asked angrily through his gritted teeth. He didn’t know what to feel and how they could keep this secret for this long. 
"Did you really think we could beat Gerald’s warriors up within half a year after a decade of slavery?!" Jace asked menacingly. 
And as if recalling something, Will gasped in horror. "That’s... that’s how the Alpha took down a thousand of Gerald’s men by himself... there was no explosion, but he went straight for murder in his lycan form..." The realization hit him hard. 
One of the biggest factors of their victory was; they managed to kill off a thousand of Gerald’s best warriors within a night. 
They were told that they had planned to wipe them out with an explosion, but that night, they heard nothing. It was very quiet to say there was actually an explosion at all. 
But, in the morning, they received news that a thousand warriors of Gerald had met their demise. They didn’t dwell on the details, because at that moment, they cared more about the result. 
"Yes. Cane killed them off." Jace and Ethan were there to witness how brutal the lycan was when he killed their enemy, he thirsted for blood, as he bathed in it.
###Chapter 182: ARIA
Chapter 182: ARIA
"Lift the curse, I don’t want him to die," Aria sobbed. She sat on the floor, her whole body was shaking, while the sorcerer stared at her with compassion, as if he was not the person that had caused this. 
"Don’t worry, nothing will happen to him," he said. He wiped away her tears and caressed her cheeks gently. His bright green eyes stared at Aria with so much interest. She had a strong will that he admired and more importantly, she had a strong constitution. 
"B- but a child died..." Aria was afraid, she couldn’t think straight. "Heavens! What have I done...? What if he dies?" The thought of losing Cane scared her out of her wits. 
The sorcerer looked so genuine when he calmed her down, he rubbed her back and put his arm around her shoulder, as he wiped her tears. 
Aria had never been so scared like this before. She was not really fond of children, but it didn’t mean she would be fine to be the reason for the death of one. Moreover, Cane’s life was hanging by a thread right now. 
"Sst... everything will be alright..." The sorcerer whispered to her and kissed her cheek. 
Aria was still drowning in her guilty conscience and didn’t realize what he was doing, as it felt so comforting to have someone calm her down gently like this. 
"You don’t need to be worried about it..." The sorcerer ran his thumb up and down, caressing her neck as he kissed her ear. He nibbled on her earlobe lightly, which made Aria flinch and get a little bit of her sense back to realize what he was doing. 
Confused, Aria turned her head, but the sorcerer kissed her instead, right on the lips. His lips were so cold, but they were so soft, as he coaxed her to open her mouth with his tongue. 
What is happening? 
Aria’s mind went blank, because the situation escalated in a direction that she had never imagined before. Even now, she was not sure what she was doing and how this sorcerer’s tongue was inside her mouth, exploring her mouth with his rough tongue, as he tilted her head to get more access. 
This was the first time someone kissed her, so gently on top of that. 
When she was a slave, kisses from those men repulsed her because they were always demanding, degrading and painful, then when she was with Cane, he had never been affectionate with her. He had never kissed her, even after years they were together. 
Therefore, she was stunned that a kiss could be this gentle. The sorcerer nibbled on her lips and rubbed her back to make her relax, and in her confused state, Aria decided to close her eyes, which intensified the sensation. 
This kiss was not painful, it was not demanding and as crazy it sounded, she quite liked it. 
A moan escaped her lips when the sorcerer laid her down on the floor and started to touch her neck, down to her collarbone before focusing on her breasts. He fondled her left breast gently, it was not painful, unlike when Cane did it to her. He was not in a rush and gave her time to adjust with this sudden change. 
All of this shut Aria’s mind. This was something that she had never felt before. She must stop him, but she couldn’t bring herself to. She waited for the pain to come, but there was no pain, there was only pleasure. 
Aria gasped with the realization, but when she opened her eyes and was about to shove him away, the sorcerer pressed his lowered body against hers and she could feel his erection. 
"No... it shouldn’t be like this... I..." Her complaint was silenced with a kiss, a stroke against her thigh, he caressed her skin, as if she was something precious, not a slave that was only used and fucked by men. 
Because all the men in her life only wanted her for pleasure and no one ever bothered to make her feel good about herself. 
Yet, this sorcerer knew how to treat her, how to touch her and it was insane when Aria didn’t immediately shove his body away and for a moment, she forgot the very reason why she was here, because she could feel herself getting wetter. 
They were still clothed and Aria was a little bit dirty, because of the half a day journey from the Howling Wolf pack to the Riverside pack, but it didn’t seem to bother the sorcerer. He kissed her neck and went down to pull down her collar, as he freed her breasts and took her nipple into his mouth. 
Aria waited for the pain, because when she was with Cane, he would bite her down until she was bleeding, but it didn’t happen, and right now, all she could feel was pleasure, while his other hand made his way to her womanhood and started to rub his fingers against her opening. 
"You are so beautiful..." the sorcerer whispered against her skin. 
Aria knew she was beautiful, but in the past, that word tended to make her feel disgusted with herself, because it was always accompanied by lustful eyes, yet right now, when she met with the sorcerer’s green eyes, they were filled with appreciation, something that she had never seen before. 
In her mind, she kept comparing him to Cane, while he did all this to her. 
"We can’t... we can’t do this..." Aria stuttered when she felt her climax approaching. 
"Should I stop?" He asked, but Aria couldn’t answer that. She didn’t want him to stop, but she couldn’t bring herself to go further than this either. 
This was a betrayal to Cane. 
But then, he didn’t wait for her answer, as the sorcerer dropped on his knees and kissed her down there, which made Aria throw her head back when she felt his tongue graze her nub. 
She saw a burning incense stick on the table as the smell of lavender permeated the air when she rode out her climax.
###Chapter 183: ARIA (2)
Chapter 183: ARIA (2)
Aria felt her whole body shivering, her climax lasted long and when she was about to speak and get away from the sorcerer, he kissed her again, silencing her protest as he shoved himself into her. 
His movements were painfully slow. He didn’t thrust all the way inside, as if he was teasing her. He let her adjust to his size and this felt so comfortable, the kind of comfort that was so strange for Aria. 
While being intimate, she was used to getting fucked, and never had someone who made love with her. She was used to pleasing her partner, not the other way around. 
But it was completely different with this sorcerer that she just met three times. He made sure that she was comfortable and her needs were met. He pleased her and made sure she came first... 
Moans escaped Aria’s lips, as she pressed herself against him, as if to urge him to move faster. These silent pleas were met with his deep thrusts, until she felt so full. 
"Cane..." his name escaped her lips, but then Aria realized her error and opened her eyes in horror, but the sorcerer covered her eyes with his palm, as he whispered seductively into her ear. 
"You can pretend that I am him." Aria didn’t believe what she heard, but then she received his thrust, so deep it made her flinch. "Did I hurt you?" 
"D- don’t talk..." Aria said in a small voice, she was embarrassed to admit that she was following what he said. She imagined it was Cane, who hovered above her body and made love to her, treating her right for the first time. 
The sorcerer snickered, but he didn’t say much after that, as he set a pace and started to fuck her in earnest. 
Aria wrapped her legs around his hips. 
In this hut, in the middle of the woods, the only sounds that could be heard were the slapping sounds of skin against skin and their erratic breathing. 
============================== 
"Master... what are you planning to do with her?" A young boy, around the age of seventeen approached the sorcerer, as he put Aria on the bed. She was sleeping now, too tired to even lift a finger after their hours of love making. 
Outside, the sky had gradually turned dark. 
"You have put your seed in her," he said in a timid voice. "Is she the vessel that you need?" 
The young boy needed to avert his gaze, because Aria was completely naked and his master didn’t even bother to cover her with a blanket. 
He stared at her body and caressed her skin, from her cheeks, her collarbones, her breasts, down to her stomach, then he spread his fingers on top of it and chanted a spell. A smirk appeared on the corners of his lips. 
He used to look reverent, but at this moment, the smirk that tugged up his lips made him look more like a devil. 
"She indeed has a good constitution," he muttered to himself, while the hand that touched Aria’s stomach brightened up with the color of soft red, as a rune appeared on her skin, but when he lifted his hand, it disappeared, as if it seeped into her skin. "A decade of slavery did good for her body." 
"Master, what should I tell Alpha Gill about this?" The young boy asked carefully, as the sorcerer finally put a blanket over Aria’s naked body. She reeked of sex and lavender. 
"Tell him the slave has been successfully subdued and I want her for the next step of our plan." With that, he stood up and glanced at Aria’s sleeping face again for a brief moment before he left with the young boy. 
Aria wouldn’t wake up until the next morning, but before that, a vicious plan was already in motion. 
========================== 
Iris sat silently inside the cave, while the lycan went out to fight the monsters that came closer to this place and when he returned, he would be covered in blood. 
At first, Iris would panic, worried something would happen to this lycan. What would happen to her if he died during one of the fights. Moreover, the sounds out there were so vicious and brutal. 
However, after the fourth time, Iris stopped worrying about him, because the lycan would look fine even after such an intense fight. 
Iris was trying to think of a way to get out of this cave, or to make Cane return to his human form. She thought, when the day ended, he would shift back into his human form, but it didn’t happen. He still stayed in his lycan form. 
Even as he curled next to her, there was not the slightest sign that Cane was there. It almost felt like he was completely gone and this scared her. 
"Cane...?" Iris called him again. "Are you there? Can you talk to me?" She could still feel the ominous feeling from the magic stone in his shoulder, the media of the dark magic, the curse. 
Not knowing what to do, Iris stretched out her hand to touch his shoulder, to feel the shard of magic stone there. 
The lycan opened his eyes in alarm, but when he saw it was just Iris that touched him, he went back to closing his eyes and slept, which allowed her to touch him again. 
"Should I pull it out?" But, Iris didn’t think she would be able to do that. She needed to make a cut and heavens only knew what would happen to her if she wounded this lycan. 
She would probably die without even knowing how. She curbed the idea. 
During this noon, she tried to walk toward the mouth of the cave, thinking she could run away, but the lycan viciously growled at her to back off, which made her relent. In addition, she didn’t think she would be able to survive in the Goffa mountain on her own. 
She looked up and saw warm light from the moon and felt a bit better because it was not so dark. 
That was the time when she caught sight of a flash of red in the dark corner.
###Chapter 184: ARIA (3)
Chapter 184: ARIA (3)
Redmond intentionally blended with the other warriors to scour the whole mountain in order to find Iris and the lycan. He avoided Jace and Ethan, because he didn’t want to have ’the talk’ with them after what he had witnessed last night. His mind was a mess and he would have an outburst if they started to talk now. 
It was a lycan! Cane shifted into a lycan! He didn’t see it wrongly. 
When that happened, he stood right at the side and was too stunned to speak, or give any reaction. He remembered the last report from his subordinate who said a lycan killed a thousand of his warriors that night. 
He didn’t believe him then. He thought it was an error and the messenger had written nonsense out of his wits. 
But now, he knew it was not a wrong message. It was true and it was Cane who had killed them all. 
"Are you okay?" Lyle approached Redmond. He was a warrior of the Blue Moon pack and Redmond’s second in command. 
"Yeah," Redmond replied curtly and from the corner of his eyes, he could see Ethan watching him. He ignored that gaze. "Did you find something?" 
"No," Lyle growled. "This mountain is so big, there are so many monsters here. If they really entered the mountain range, don’t you think that they would have died by now?" Since they started climbing up this mountain, they had lost three men and all of this was because Jace let their people take the brunt when the monsters attacked them. 
The grudge between the two packs would never die down, and now that the Howling Wolf pack rose to its glory once again, the warriors from the Blue Moon pack had to suffer. 
"Don’t you think this is an opportunity for us to plan a coup?" Lyle lowered his voice, until it was only Redmond that could hear him. "We can..." 
Yet, before Lyle could continue with his conspiracy plans, Redmond shot him down. 
"We are not talking about that. Our Luna is out there, in danger and it is our responsibility to find her," Redmond said sternly, as he moved away from him and shifted into his beast form. 
Lyle pressed his lips into a thin line. He didn’t like their arrangement now and thought Iris didn’t fit the role at all. She was a Luna for Redmond, but not him. It was Redmond who had pledged to her. 
============================= 
Aria woke up with a start, she opened her eyes and abruptly sat up, but she immediately grimaced because she felt so sore down there. Her head was aching so badly and she felt like the entire room was spinning around. 
"You finally woke up, here, drink this." 
Aria whipped her head around when she heard a familiar voice and the moment she saw the sorcerer’s warm smile, she remembered what had transpired between them. The memories rushed back to her in detail. 
She blanched at the realization of what she had done with him. Not only did she put Cane’s life in danger, but she actually betrayed him by sleeping with the person that harmed him. 
"What have you done to me!?" Aria was angry, she swatted the glass that the sorcerer brought to her. The glass hit the wall and shattered into pieces. 
The sorcerer frowned when he saw that, but he still sat down on the edge of the bed, which made Aria move away from him. "You shouldn’t have thrown it away, that’s a nutritious drink, it took two hours for me to make it." 
"Cut the crap!" Aria roared angrily at him. "What have you done to me?!" 
"Miss Aria, you are making a false allegation, as if I forced myself on you. We did it because you wanted it too," the sorcerer said. "If you didn’t want to do it, you had plenty of opportunities to shove me away, but you didn’t." 
Aria’s face turned red when she heard that. She couldn’t deny it, but then she remembered the incense stick and the smell of lavender. 
"You mean that incense stick?" The sorcerer pointed at the burning incense stick on the table and smiled softly at her. "Do you feel like doing it again now? If not, then your claim is baseless." 
Aria thought the reason she felt so aroused earlier was because the incense contained the same essence as floence powder, but just like what the sorcerer said, she was not aroused now. 
"Don’t think too much about it, the deed had been done, we couldn’t undo it, right?" The sorcerer looked very relaxed, which made Aria feel unwell. 
"How long have I been out for?" Aria gritted her teeth when she saw the dark sky. 
"Around ten hours." 
"Cane!" Aria blurted out, she needed to focus on the reason why she was here, she would deal with what happened later. She had wasted so much time. "Break the curse! I am going to kill you if something happens to him!" 
"Miss Aria, that’s a strong curse, I had warned you so when you agreed, I can’t lift it, unless..." 
"Unless what?!" Aria didn’t have time for riddles. 
"Unless I go personally to the Howling Wolf pack and retrieve the shard of magic stone that you have put inside of him, but if I do that, they will know what you have done, right?"
"You said no one will die!" 
"People sometimes make mistakes." The sorcerer didn’t even feel embarrassed when he admitted his error. 
Hearing that, Aria was trembling, she knew that she was doomed. No one could know what she had done. Fear gripped her heart. She shouldn’t have done this in the first place. 
"Why don’t you stay here? No one will know that you are here." The sorcerer took Aria’s hand and caressed her knee, but this time, Aria raised her other hand and slapped him so hard before she got off the bed and found she was naked. 
Yet, she didn’t flinch when she dressed up under the sight of the sorcerer, she used to be naked under many eyes before. 
"I am going to kill you if Cane dies!"
###Chapter 185: DID HE DIE?!
Chapter 185: DID HE DIE?!
Iris couldn’t even sleep a wink, while the lycan would take his time to sleep or fight off the monsters that came closer to this cave. He would wake up immediately when he sensed any intruders and fight them off. 
However, when Iris was deep in thought as to what she could do about this lycan, she caught sight of a flash of red in the dark corner, which moved closer to her and it surprised Iris because she knew what it was exactly. 
It was the little lizard! 
"How can you find me here?" Iris whispered, as she stretched out her hand to grab her little creature. Thankfully, the lycan didn’t wake up, probably because he didn’t sense any danger from it. 
Iris was amazed to see her little pet finding its way to her. If this creature was this clever, could it do something else? 
"Can you...?" She muttered to herself. She felt a little bit crazy and overbroad to think that this little lizard could do the task. It wouldn’t understand what she was talking about, after all... 
Somehow, Iris felt dejected at her own idea. She was too happy to see it, yet she knew it couldn’t change her current situation. 
But, as she mulled over the possibility, the lycan suddenly rose to his feet and dashed out of the cave. Iris assumed there was a monster or two that came closer to the cave which woke the beast up. She was no longer worried about the lycan, because she knew he would return unscathed. 
However, the one that returned was not the lycan, but a grey beast, which stalked toward her and shifted into its human form. 
"Redmond?" Iris widened her eyes, as she stood up abruptly to see the warrior. 
This warrior used to annoy her with his poor choice of words, but this was the first time for Iris to feel so glad to see him. 
"Are you okay?" Redmond approached Iris and gave her a quick once over to check whether she was injured somewhere. 
"No, I am fine, but how..." 
"No time. Let’s go!" Redmond cut her off and took her hand to go out of this cave. Knowing how strong the lycan was, he knew he would be finished within a few minutes and their deaths would go to waste if he failed to take Iris out of here before he really lost his life. 
The little lizard perched on her shoulder, as Iris rushed out of the cave with Redmond, only then she saw how many monsters that the lycan had killed during the time she was inside the cave! 
Their carcasses created a few mounds around the entrance of the cave! 
"Damn this cursed beast!" Redmond glanced at Iris, he wondered, since when she knew about the Alpha’s secret. After all, she didn’t seem as scared as he imagined she would be. 
Redmond thought she would have cried, bawling her eyes out and would be unable to move, but aside from looking so worn out, she was completely fine. 
Right now, the lycan was fighting around ten werewolves, while four had already died miserably and among the ten, Iris caught sight of a brick-colored wolf, which was none other than the Beta. 
"No, they can’t fight him, they will die!" Iris cried out in alarm. Cane would go feral if he killed his own beta. Even though Cane would never say it, she knew how much he cherished his people and Jace was one of those few people that was close to him. 
"What do you think you are doing?! Don’t go there! He will kill you in no time!" Redmond tightened his grip on her wrist, but Iris shot him a dagger look and this surprised him. This runt could look so ferocious at times... 
"If he wanted to kill me, he would have done it already!" Iris caught a glint of dagger on Redmond’s hip, she knew it must be a silver dagger. She saw him buy it on their journey to the Moon Dew pack. 
Actually, that made sense, but jumping in the middle of a beast fight was not a wise idea, yet Iris seemed to have another way to stop them. 
She freed her hand from Redmond’s grip when he was still in shock and then went closer to the fighting ground before she stopped and screamed at the top of her lungs. 
"BACK OFF!" 
The sound surprised them, as they stopped abruptly, but the lycan immediately dashed toward Iris and knocked Redmond aside, as he tried to pull her back. 
The lycan wrapped his arm around her hips and was about to take her back into the cave, but Iris turned her body around and without a second thought, she plunged the dagger in her hand into the lycan’s shoulder. 
The cursed creature roared in anger and tossed Iris’ body to the ground, the impact was so great, she felt her left arm being dislocated and this made her suck in a cold breath. 
Iris shook her head to get rid of the tears that blurred her vision and watched how the lycan swatted all the werewolves that came closer to him in order to protect Iris. 
Redmond was standing in front of Iris in his beast form when the lycan’s sharp claws found purchase into his body. They pierced through his stomach to his back, leaving the wolf unable to move. 
Blood sprayed in the air when the lycan retracted his claws viciously and left the grey wolf limping on the ground, before it collapsed where it stood, in a pool of his own blood. 
Iris screamed when she watched Redmond’s body in his beast form twitch and he didn’t move again. Did he die?! 
Right now, there was no one standing between her and the lycan and she could see the wound on his shoulder had not yet closed. Even a lycan couldn’t heal so fast when he was wounded by silver... 
Iris watched the lycan come closer to her, he was furious about what she had done, but her focus was on the wound on his shoulder.
###Chapter 186: THE CURSE WAS TOO POWERFUL
Chapter 186: THE CURSE WAS TOO POWERFUL
Iris watched the lycan come closer to her, he was furious about what she had done, but her focus was on the wound on his shoulder. 
The injury made by a silver blade lasted longer before it could heal properly, thus she would still have a chance to get the shard magic stone out of his shoulder. 
However, at this point, after Iris intentionally stabbed him, she was not sure whether he would still keep her alive. Iris gambled with the fact that the lycan didn’t kill her even if he had countless opportunities during the day to harm her and the fact that he protected her from the monsters, even though it baffled her. 
But right now, she was holding onto that. 
Iris pushed herself off the ground and approached the beast, as she stretched out her hand to his wounded shoulder. She knew what she was looking for and also the location of the shard, but her time was very limited and if she missed this, she would probably never have another chance again. 
Therefore, despite the pain on her left shoulder, she gritted her teeth and dug her nails into his flesh, making the beast let out an earth- shattering roar. Iris felt her ears ringing painfully. 
But, by the time the beast shook her body off him and she rolled on the dirty ground again, she knew that she managed to take it out... 
The last thing that Iris saw before she lost her consciousness was the lycan running off, disappearing into the darkness. Did she fail? 
Iris wanted to know what happened, but she couldn’t resist the darkness that came crashing down on her. In the distance, she could still hear the painful howls of the beast, as she gripped the needle that she managed to take out from the lycan’s shoulder. 
============================= 
Aria arrived in the Howling Wolf pack the next morning, she went straight to Cane’s bedroom, but instead of Cane, it was Ethan, who had been waiting for her. 
He was sitting on the windowsill, staring at her, as if he had been waiting for her to come. 
"Where is Cane?" Aria tried to mask her panic, but she was hardly able to do that. Her body was trembling when her mind started to imagine all the worst things that could have possibly happened. 
When she entered the Howling Wolf pack territory, she didn’t stop to ask anyone, because she felt there was nothing that was worth taking note of. She assumed everything was still the same. 
But, where is Cane now? 
"Where have you been?" Ethan didn’t answer her question, instead he posed her with one of his own. His eyes were so cold. 
What happened the day before was a blur, because there were so many things that transpired and they were drained both emotionally and physically. They didn’t even have a minute to close their eyes since all of this began. Both Ethan and Jace had to do damage control, since a few people knew about Cane’s secret now. 
They either had to make them shut up or shut them up forever, because the consequences would be dire otherwise. 
"Where is Cane?!" Aria shrieked, she saw the bed was empty and her mind whirled with all the horrendous thoughts that she had been harboring since she left the Riverside pack. Was she late? Did something happen to him while she was away? 
Aria had done everything that she could to make the sorcerer agree to undo the curse, but he said unless he made a trip personally to take the needle out, there was nothing that he could do. What a bastard! 
"Where is Cane?!" Aria rushed toward Ethan, she was about to get physical with him, but the gamma was having none of it. 
Before Aria could touch him, Ethan swatted her hand and shoved her away from him. His expression was so cold. This was the kind of expression that he only showed to someone that he didn’t like. His brown eyes were filled with killing intent, something that he had never directed toward Aria before. 
She had never thought there would be a day she would be on the receiving end of the Gamma’s hatred. 
Did he know? How? Aria’s mind went to Dalia. Did she sell her out? The thought alone made her shiver in fear. 
"Wh- what is wrong with you?" Aria still feigned ignorance. "I asked you where Cane is, what happened to him?!" 
Ethan looked at her coldly, which made Aria squirm uncomfortably. "Shouldn’t you be the one telling me what really happened to him?" 
"I don’t understand what you are talking about!" Aria lifted her chin and straightened her back. She looked at Ethan defiantly, though behind all that fa?ade, she too knew she had messed up big time. 
"Start explaining this to me first," Ethan said, as he threw a needle at her feet. The same needle that was used as the media of the curse. 
Aria stared at the needle for a long time, but Ethan didn’t interrupt her. He didn’t even mention anything, nor did he give her the satisfaction of knowing any information about what had transpired during her absence. 
"Where is he?" Aria asked, her eyes were still on the needle on the floor. "Where is Cane?" 
If they managed to take the needle out of his body, then what happened to him? Did he... survive? She held her hands together, because she couldn’t stop trembling. At this point, she couldn’t even keep her act together. 
Yet, Ethan still didn’t want to give her the answer, instead he talked about something else. "The other two children in the orphanage died last night." 
When they were looking for Iris and Cane, they received the news that the two children passed away, because of the curse. 
They didn’t have a magic user here and healers like Grace and Ardand had different powers from those of magic users’, thus their knowledge about it was limited. 
But, Ardand told them the children were the sacrifice and because the curse was too strong, they couldn’t lift it. 
"WHERE IS CANE!?" Aria was enraged as she shifted into her beast and attacked Ethan.
###Chapter 187: TREASON IS TREASON
Chapter 187: TREASON IS TREASON
Aria was out of her mind if she thought she could overpower Ethan in a physical fight, but she was desperate and couldn’t think straight. She wanted to know what happened to Cane, but the Gamma refused to let her know anything. 
And what did he say? The two children in the orphanage had died? 
Aria’s mind went spiraling when she heard that. She didn’t mean to kill them. That was not her intention. That was all that sorcerer’s fault! He told her that no one would die, but he went back on his word and simply said; mistakes could happen. 
Aria really wanted to beat Dalia up for introducing such a quack to her! This was not how she wanted things to unfold. It was not her plan to kill those three children or endanger Cane’s life! She only wanted his attention and his affection. 
She only wanted to get rid of Iris, because she couldn’t stand her. She was the daughter of Alpha Gerald, the very person that had caused countless deaths of the members of this pack and put them in hell for a decade, but right now she had to see how Cane slowly fell for her. She felt he was slipping out of her fingers. 
She couldn’t stand Gerald’s daughter getting the very position that she could only dream of. The daughter of the Alpha that had ruined numerous lives. Her life. 
Aria remembered every torturous thing that she had to endure and all the humiliation from Gerald, because there were times when she became his favorite plaything. 
But now, she had to watch how his daughter got the only person that she wanted, the only person that she would give up her life for. She couldn’t stand it when they went on a long journey together while Cane didn’t even care much about taking a walk with her! 
What was so great about Iris?! 
Aria struggled under the pressure of Ethan’s brown beast, as he pinned her down on the floor. She was forced to shift back into her human form. She could neither struggle further, nor deny a direct order from the Gamma. 
Her low status didn’t allow her to rebel. 
"Where is Cane!? WHERE IS CANE!?" Aria shouted at Ethan like a mad woman, as he held both of her arms with one hand behind her back while pinning her front to the floor. 
Ethan allowed her to shout and curse at him as she pleased because he refused to let her know anything. This was a punishment for her. Not knowing about someone that you desperately cared for was a torture as well. 
Aria’s screams could be heard faintly from outside of this room, even though this bedroom was soundproof. Yet, even the two guards that stood right in front of the door didn’t dare to move an inch. 
Without the Alpha, it would be the Beta and the Gamma in charge of everything. They held the highest authority in the pack. 
Ethan only let her go after she was no longer trying to fight him and calmed down a little bit, as she laid on the floor, bawling her eyes out. 
"This is treason, Aria." Ethan stood up, he stared down at her, as she curled her body. "We knew each other for so long, you have done so much, but treason is treason." 
And after saying that, Ethan left her alone inside Cane’s bedroom. Not long after that, two guards came to take her away. She tried to make them talk, but they too kept mum. 
Actually, they were not clear about what had happened, they only knew the mistress had committed a great offense and currently, she needed to be locked away. 
============================= 
"How is he?" Ethan asked Jace who came back from visiting Redmond. The warrior was gravely injured, six of his men died during the direct confrontation with the lycan and now Lyle, Redmond’s second in command, was giving them shit because their leader was bedridden, while Jace failed to find the lycan. 
"Alive," Jace replied curtly. Both of them walked toward the training ground. The messenger from the Celestial Moon pack had returned. Cane had been waiting for him. "How do you know it was Aria?" 
Neither of them wanted to talk about this, but the topic couldn’t be avoided forever, they needed to address it at one point. The crime was too grave to be ignored. 
"Grace said the shard of magic stone must have been put directly. No one will be able to be so close to him without him putting his guard up aside from Aria and Iris." Ethan glanced at Jace. "Neither of us have direct contact with him." 
To think about it, that was right, they didn’t really touch each other, because they hated to be touched casually. Aside from occasional shoulder patting, they didn’t really have any physical contact with one another. 
"When I went looking for her, she had already left the pack. I thought she would never return." Ethan thought if Aria had really run away from the pack, it would be for the best, but she actually returned. 
Jace listened to what he said silently. "About Redmond..." he changed the topic. There were a lot of problems in the aftermath of what had happened and Jace really wanted to kill Aria for it. They all were already tied up, but now she doused them with more problems. 
"If he runs his mouth, we need to silence him." That was the fact that they couldn’t refute. Redmond had witnessed how Cane shifted into his lycan form and out of all the people, it was only him who defied to bend his knees and pledge his loyalty to the Alpha. 
It was easy to talk to Grace about the secret, because mostly she was too shocked, but once she calmed down, she could understand, but Redmond was an entirely different matter. 
Both of them walked toward the training grounds to meet with the messenger, but to their surprise, they saw someone that they knew. 
"What are you doing here?" 
Aderan had returned.
###Chapter 188: IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Chapter 188: IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Aderan was supposed to be in the Celestial Moon pack, because he would be the messenger between the two packs and also ’Cane’s eyes’ there. He couldn’t return to the pack without further instructions from the Alpha. 
Therefore, for him to come here, there must be something going wrong. 
"What are you doing here?" Ethan was very surprised to see Aderan here, as he raised his voice which made the latter frown. 
"I didn’t know that you dislike me so much," Aderan said sullenly. 
Ethan rolled his eyes, but it was Jace, who stirred the conversation back to the main problem. "You shouldn’t have returned without any instructions from the Alpha." 
"I returned because Alpha Derick needs help from Alpha Cane. I am here to deliver very important information and I need to see him now." Aderan wanted to see the Alpha immediately, but he was denied entry. Even though his status was Cane’s personal guard, he was not allowed to meet with the Alpha. "What happened here?" 
As he waited for Ethan and Jace, he asked around, but the information that he got was very raw and incomprehensive, thus it was better to ask these two people directly. 
"What information?" Jace asked, he didn’t expect to see Aderan here, thus, he had not yet thought of what to say to him. Will had already found out the truth, he was still unsure whether it was necessary for Aderan to have access to the same information or not.
"I can’t give the information to you without giving it to the Alpha first," Aderan said firmly. "You know how it works." 
Jace and Ethan couldn’t deny that fact. The information would come to the Alpha first, especially when important matters were concerned. Only then, it would be filtered and shared to people related to the problem and the plan. 
And for Aderan to return without prior notice, this must be something important enough to demand a meeting with the Alpha. 
"Don’t worry, Nexus is still in the Celestial Moon pack. You know him, right?" Aderan thought they were worried because there was no one in the Celestial Moon pack, as Cane’s eyes, but actually, both the Beta and the Gamma knew about it. "I heard some rumors when I arrived, what’s going on?" 
"Come with me," Jace said in an impassive tone, which made Aderan narrow his eyes. It would not be a simple matter if even the Beta looked like this. 
========================== 
The sky had turned slightly darker, even though it was still noon, it had been very gloomy in the past two days. 
"Alpha, Jace wants to see you, he said Aderan is here to deliver important information," Amee said carefully, as she approached Cane. 
The Alpha was sitting on the windowsill. Currently, they were in the west watchtower, where there was a small bedroom with a window that faced the entire pack. It was very quiet here, a nice place when you needed a break from the hectic cycle of the world. 
Cane chose this place for him and Iris, so both of them could recuperate properly. 
Actually, there was nothing wrong with Cane after Iris took out the curse needle, he returned to his senses and was able to shift back into his human form, but he felt the urge to be with her. Her presence calmed him down and helped his beast feel less restless, which helped him to think this matter through. 
Meanwhile, during the last outburst from the lycan when Iris stabbed him, she was tossed to the ground and got her shoulder dislocated. She would be fine in a few days, but currently, she was sleeping peacefully. 
"Let him in," Cane said. He was still sitting on the windowsill, staring at his pack. It was only a little bit over six months since he got his title back and the progress of the reconstruction of this pack had been running smoothly funded by the two treasuries from both the Blue Moon pack and the Howling Wolf pack. 
The problem of grains, mostly, had been resolved, so they could go through winter without fear of being starved. 
But, everything that he and his people had worked hard for would crumble in the blink of an eye, if he were to tread in the wrong path. 
He had an inkling that Aria would be a problem in the future the moment he saw her obsession toward him and how she was unable and refused to see the same goal as him. Her mind was trapped in the idea of having him for herself and that was the last trouble Cane wanted to think of. 
He didn’t want to make a move on her and had warned her sternly about this. He had put distance between them and let her do whatever she wanted with the torrent of money that she could access as she pleased, yet she wanted something that he had warned her not to covet. 
And now, things had already escalated to this point, there was no way to go back. 
No matter how inapt it was, Cane had a soft spot for Aria, because despite everything, she was still the person that stood by his side during the difficult times, but right now, she would become a bigger problem in the future if he let her be. 
More so, the fact that she had killed three children unintentionally was unforgivable. 
"Alpha," Aderan greeted Cane, he entered the room and felt warm because of the two braziers that were put in the corner of this small room, while Iris was sleeping on the bed. 
Her auburn hair was so easy to be distinguished on the white sheets. 
"What information have you obtained?" Cane turned his head to look at Aderan. It had been a few months since he left for the Celestial Moon pack. He left even before they moved back to their homeland. 
"Alpha, the monster attacks in the North have gone crazy and Alpha Derick believes the King has been using the Asturi stem to aggravate them in order to keep him in his pack, just like ten years ago."
###Chapter 189: SILVER PLATE
Chapter 189: SILVER PLATE
"Alpha, the monster attacks in the North have gone crazy and Alpha Derick believes the King has been using the Asturi stem to aggravate them in order to keep him in his pack, just like ten years ago." 
Ten years ago, there were repeated monster attacks in the North. It was so bad that Alpha Derick couldn’t move an inch from his pack, let alone send troops to help ward off the doom of the Howling Wolf pack. 
More so, Kellan, the Crown Prince at that time, the very person that both Cane’s father and Alpha Derick supported, was ripped off his title because of his misconduct with Gerald’s mate. 
When you saw the bigger picture, you could see clearly that all of the things that transpired had been fabricated and now, the King wanted to use the same method to clip off Cane’s support from the North by brewing the same scheme. After all, Cane managed to take two packs under him, especially with the magic stone mines in the picture. 
How boring the King was to use the same method again... 
"Did Alpha Derick find any trace of the Asturi stem there?" Cane asked languidly, as he moved toward the bed and sat there. His body moved to get closer to his mate unconsciously. 
"It is hard to tell because from what the sorcerers there said, the traces of Asturi stem are hard to locate, especially after three days had passed, but they still tried." 
The Asturi stem that Cane got from Lou was still in his hands and with this information, he knew what the King wanted to do with this. But, how stupid he was to give that task to his very ’reliable’ Crown Prince . 
"Alpha Derick can’t give the sorcerer at this moment because the situation there is very critical and right now, Nexus is tracking down the distribution of the Asturi stem." 
Because this was a rare thing and was not commonly found in the market, it would be easier to track down its buyers in the past few months. 
"Alpha Derick also gave me this to deliver it straight to you." Aderan approached Cane and gave a piece of parchment, but its texture was quite different from that of a normal parchment. This particular parchment almost felt like it was made of scales. 
However, when he unfolded it, there was nothing inside of it, which made Cane frown, but Aderan put it on the bed and straightened it. 
"I can only use this once, because it is sealed by magic and unless there is someone who could use magic, we can’t see it again." Therefore, they had to pay close attention to this. 
"Do it." Cane nodded, he wanted to see what would happen. 
Aderan then took off his gloves and wiped the surface of the parchment with his bare hand, at which some lines appeared on the surface of the parchment and from the looks of it, they constituted a map. 
From the visage, it was not a map of the Ogregon continent. Cane had never seen this place before. 
"What is the meaning of this?" The image that appeared only lasted for a minute before it was gone and the parchment showed blank space. 
"Alpha Derick only said he needs to see you in person to discuss this matter," Aderan replied. 
Cane was silent for a while, before he put away the parchment and waved his hand, indicating Aderan to leave. "Call Jace and Ethan to come." 
"Yes, Alpha." 
It was an act of sheer luck that Cane got his senses back before he shifted back into his human form in front of the other warriors. 
He managed to run away from the scene, while they looked after Iris and it was only Jace, who came looking for him. 
Until now, no one knew the lycan was the Alpha, aside from the people inside the bedroom that night when he shifted into his lycan form. 
All the warriors that scoured the Goffa mountain thought the lycan managed to escape and was still in the mountain, while the Alpha was still sick. 
Therefore, the rumors out there still mixed up because only a handful of people knew the truth about this. 
Will and Grace were still in shock, but absolutely, they wouldn’t utter a word about this after the explanation, but the problem laid with Redmond and Cane needed Iris to make his decision regarding him. 
Not long after that, Jace and Ethan came into the room, the gloomy sky reflected well on their mood, as they felt the near future looked so bleak. 
"I want you to do something," Cane said, his voice heavy, as he was going to make a difficult decision. 
========================= 
"I want to see Cane," Aria said, she lowered her head, ashamed. "I will not say anything if Cane doesn’t want to see me." 
Ethan was having a headache when he had to deal with Aria. She was very obstinate and wouldn’t budge until she got what she wanted. 
In the past, he admired this trait of hers, because she looked so strong standing firmly by what she believed, but right now, she simply looked like a brat. 
"Aria, you can’t make any demands here," Ethan reminded her. "Your crime is so severe. You will be hung tomorrow, at the very least, do something to redeem your mistake." 
Aria clasped her hands, she trembled in fear. She couldn’t believe Cane imposed the death sentence for her. She was not a traitor, she didn’t commit treason, she didn’t mean for them to be harmed, or even die. She didn’t mean that. 
"I want to see him," Aria repeated the same words again, tears fell on her cheeks and Ethan felt so bad for her. 
However, every action had its own consequences and the aftermath of this ordeal was still bleak. Now, people were already talking about the lycan that appeared in the Howling Wolf pack and if word got out, things would escalate really quick. 
With the information from the North, they learned that the King had made a move and the problem with the lycan would only serve the Howling Wolf pack in a silver plate to the King.
###Chapter 190: A TIGHT EMBRACE
Chapter 190: A TIGHT EMBRACE
"You have killed three children, endangered the Alpha’s life and used dark magic." Ethan listed out her offenses. "One crime alone can put you on death row, but you didn’t just stop at one. Should we kill you three times?" 
"I don’t care how many times you will kill me. I have died countless times before, it doesn’t matter if I have to die again this time." Aria’s tears silently streamed down her cheeks. 
They killed her when they defiled her, they killed her when they tortured her, humiliated her and laughed at her misery, left her with nothing, not even dignity. The only thing that she had and wanted in this wretched life of hers was Cane. She only wanted him. 
But, she couldn’t even get him. 
Every time she saw Cane with Iris, she felt her jealousy kill her, as her hatred overwhelmed her mind. Why was it Iris? The daughter of Gerald? She couldn’t stand the sight. 
It was her who had gone through all the torture and the beatings for Cane. 
She was the one who stood by his side during his darkest and hardest times. 
She was the one who was there to take the pain from him and reassured him that it was alright to hurt her, if that meant it could even relieve a little bit of his pain. 
She wouldn’t even hesitate to give her soul and life if she could help him, but why was it the daughter of the tyrant who got the chance to be with him? 
How could that be fair to her? How could she stand by the side and watch as Iris became the Luna of the pack? The same pack that her father had destroyed? 
"I want to see him." It was a plea, she was begging the Gamma now. Even if she had to die, she wanted to see him. "Please." 
"Don’t be stubborn, Aria. Tell me what you know about this sorcerer." The only information that Ethan got from Dalia and Bian was; the sorcerer was from the Riverside pack. 
He left it at that because the situation was very chaotic at that time and thought he would return to ask them later. 
However, he didn’t get the chance. 
"I want to see him," she kept saying the same thing. She lowered her head, as she fiddled with her fingers. 
Here she was, back to the dungeon when she thought she would never step an inch in this place. Here she was, in the lowest place, because of her stupidity and how blind her love for him was. 
"I really want to see him..." Aria’s lips trembled. She genuinely missed him. "I never meant to harm him." 
Aria couldn’t move on from her past, she couldn’t overlook it. No matter what Iris had done, she couldn’t see her as herself, she would always be Gerald’s daughter. She would always be trapped in the past... 
Ethan kneaded his forehead. He couldn’t talk with Aria when she was very emotional. He could understand her to a certain level, even though he disagreed with the way she saw things. Her impulsiveness had implicated many people and created bigger problems that they wanted to avoid at any cost. 
In the end, he stood up and left her in her cell alone. 
No matter what she had done, it still pained him to lock her up inside this cell, thus he only closed the door and left it unlocked, after all, there were guards out there, she wouldn’t be able to escape. 
Even now, Ethan would panic if he was locked inside a room. It gave him a dreadful feeling and this was the only kind gesture that he could do for her. 
He walked out of the room and saw Jace waiting for him. 
"Got something?" Jace asked, as both of them walked out of the dungeon. The sky had turned dark as night fell and the cold wind ruffled their cloaks. 
"No," Ethan replied curtly. 
"Hm." Jace nodded. It was not a surprise because Cane had expected this. 
"Cane still doesn’t want to see her?" 
"No." 
=========================== 
It was the dream about the five swords and an empty hall again, but as usual, Iris abruptly woke up when she touched one of the swords and found herself in an unfamiliar room. 
She blinked her eyes and looked at her surroundings, she was sure this was not her room or Cane’s bedroom. 
Iris tilted her head and saw Cane perched on the windowsill. He just stared at her with his deep and unfathomable eyes for a moment, before he went to the table and poured a glass of warm water for her. 
He said nothing when he helped her to drink the water after stacking more pillows behind her back, so she wouldn’t choke. 
Iris accepted the glass, but he helped her to hold it firmly. His palm over her hand felt so cold. 
"How are you feeling?" Iris asked after she drank all the water and put down the empty glass. 
Cane took the glass and poured more water for her, but he didn’t answer her question. This time, Iris didn’t drink the water and just stared at him before she repeated the question. 
"Aria will be hung tomorrow." 
Iris was surprised to hear such news, especially when it came to this. There must have been a lot going on during the time she was unconscious. 
She didn’t like the mistress because she hated her so much that she was willing to hurt her in any way possible, but hearing how she would meet her demise tomorrow didn’t make her feel any joy either. 
However, despite all the questions that she wanted to ask Cane, she knew he didn’t need those queries. 
Iris then put away the glass in her hand and reached out to Cane. She gave him a hug. She wrapped him in a tight embrace without saying anything, which caught him off guard. 
Cane didn’t expect this from her, but he didn’t push her away either.
###Chapter 191: THE BLEAK MORNING
Chapter 191: THE BLEAK MORNING
For whatever reason, Iris knew Cane felt comfortable in her presence, it was either him or the beast inside of him, since no matter what and how it happened, she still bore his mark and she was his mate. The bond had grown between them, and they could find solace in their other half, or else, he wouldn’t hug her in his sleep, hold her tight and keep her close. 
They had never talked about this thing and treated such acts as two separate worlds. The other world, where they were indeed mates without any complicated things between them. 
Therefore, this time, it was Iris, who held him. She was the one who initiated this and hoped he wouldn’t push her away. She could feel how stiff his body was when she hugged him and wrapped her arms around his neck. 
But, even after a while, Cane didn’t push her, he stayed still and gradually lowered his head, as he rested his forehead against her chest. He could clearly hear her heart beating rhythmically. 
Cane was tired of being asked so many questions and appreciated this silence from Iris. He expected her to ask so many questions about what had happened when she was unconscious, especially after what he said, yet she didn’t utter a single word. 
Inside his mind, it was so crowded whenever someone came looking for him for answers. Even when he was unsure with his decision, he couldn’t let it show and it was so tiring the moment everyone questioned your decision when at the same time, you have a lot of questions to yourself. 
Amee even begged him to reconsider his decision over giving a death sentence to Aria, even though she knew her crime was unforgivable. It was compassion that the old woman had for the mistress, because she had known Aria since she was very young, from the very day she came with Leane to the pack. 
However, compassion didn’t work for Cane and the path that he was going to tread in the future wouldn’t allow him to have any. 
It was such a quiet and lonely walk that he had to tread alone. No one could understand the responsibility on his shoulders, nor would they know about it, since they relied on him so heavily to move forward, not allowing him to show any weakness. 
For a long time, both Cane and Iris shared this comfort and silence through the night, as both of them laid down on the bed with Cane’s arm wrapped around her hips, his eyes closed shut, but Iris was not sure whether he was asleep or not. 
They stayed still like that until daybreak, when the execution would be held... 
=========================== 
"Aria still doesn’t want to speak and only asks for Cane," Jace said grimly. He went to her cell this morning before her execution, but she kept repeating the same thing that she said to Ethan. 
"What about the two women that suggested it?" Will asked. He felt unwell since he learned the Alpha had sacrificed himself to that extent in order to free the pack from the slavery. He had asked a lot of questions and Jace had answered them in detail. 
And every detail of it only left Will dumbstruck, including the fact how Iris could help him through the new moon. 
"Dalia and Bian were found dead yesterday. We didn’t have a chance to ask them anything." Both of them were found dead in their cells, someone put poison in their food, which made them unable to breathe and when Grace arrived, they were no longer able to be saved. 
"The King," Will muttered. They remembered the last information that Aderan gave to them before he went to the Celestial Moon pack; the King planted his man in this pack. "Do you think the King was involved in this?" 
"Most likely," Jace replied. 
That person must be the reason for the monster attack when they were still in the Blue Moon pack and now this. Who else would kill those two women who could lead them to the black magic user in the Riverside pack? 
"This is so messed up..." 
The King had made a move on the North pack and now he used the forbidden dark magic to bring Cane down. One look and you would know that Aria was an easy target to be manipulated. Her position as Cane’s only mistress gave her free access to the Alpha. 
"Ethan and Aderan will be with Aria during her execution. I will go find the Alpha," Will reported to Jace and the Beta only nodded. 
Today was so gloomy and the announcement of Aria’s execution shocked the whole members of the pack. They had complicated feelings when they learned the reason behind it. 
Aria was guilty for the death of three innocent children in the orphanage and her attempt to use dark magic on the Alpha in order to break the mate bond between him and the luna. 
The people had mixed feelings regarding this. 
There was a reason why Cane mentioned the information about the black magic and this became part of his plan before he went to the capital city and met with the King to fight for Ethan’s punishment. 
It was not Cane’s original plan to use Aria’s demise, but he had to make use of what was there to counter the King. 
Will was walking toward the west watchtower when he saw Hanna walk out of the bedroom, it seemed, she just delivered breakfast for both of them. 
Abruptly, Will stopped walking, he held his breath when Hanna raised her head to look at him. She was surprised and felt awkward. 
"Good morning," Hanna greeted him, but then she scurried away, as if she wanted to run away from Will. 
Their last meeting when Will gave her the necklace didn’t end well and she had been avoiding him since then. 
"Hanna," Will called her, but she didn’t stop walking away. Out of instinct, he rushed toward her and held her hand. "We need to talk," he said. He felt distressed. 
Hanna turned around and her eyes were so red.
###Chapter 192: HANNA
Chapter 192: HANNA
"Hanna, I am sorry, can we talk?" Will asked, he held her hand and when she turned around, her eyes were so red. She was fighting back her tears and the sight made Will’s heart clench so tightly. 
No one expected the thing that happened after Will gave the necklace to Hanna to happen, because everything started so perfectly, but he still ruined it in the end. 
At that time, Hanna was so happy and she thought the feelings that she had for him were being reciprocated. If it was not, what was the necklace for? He remembered her on his long journey, which was a very sweet thing. Hanna also could feel it with the way Will looked at her differently. She was not so dense as to not see it, especially when she had the same feeling, thus she wanted to make it clear for him. 
That night, her feelings overwhelmed her and the silence of the room only made her want to be a little bit bold, thus she thought an innocent peck on the cheek would be able to tell how she felt about him while the gift could relay the message about the thing that she and Will couldn’t say out loud, because he was very nervous. 
Hanna could feel how his hands were trembling when he clasped the necklace around her neck and that made her heart flutter. 
However, things didn’t end well, because when Hanna was about to kiss his cheek, Will pushed her so hard, her body flew across the room and hit the table. The collision of her body with the table broke it, which displayed how hard Will had pushed her. 
For a second, both of them just stared at each other in silence, as if they were trying to comprehend what actually was happening, but the pain started to register in Hanna’s mind when she saw her arm bleeding profusely and Will only stood there, his face blanched. 
Hanna didn’t know what to do, she felt embarrassed and was in pain, the only thing in her mind was; to get out of there as soon as possible. 
She was wrong, very wrong! How stupid she was to think that he had the same feelings? 
"No, it is me who should apologize," Hanna said, as she tried to free herself from his tight grip. Will held her hand firmly, but it was not enough to hurt her. "I am sorry... I was too brazen." 
However, Will didn’t listen to what she was saying, instead, he folded her sleeve up to look at her arm, the same arm that had bled that night. 
Hanna was a shifter and since a few days had passed, there was no way she had not yet healed, but Will wanted to make sure that she was really fine and it didn’t leave any scars. 
The sight of her with a bleeding arm had haunted him for days, became his new common nightmare. Even when he opened his eyes, the image kept floating in front of him 
"What are you doing?" Hanna was flabbergasted when he folded up her sleeves. Her arm was thin and looked pale, but there was no wound there, which made Will feel relieved. 
"I am sorry," Will muttered, as he unfolded her sleeve, but he didn’t let go of her hand. "I didn’t mean to harm you." His voice was so soft and remorseful. He didn’t even have the courage to look her in the eyes, but at the same time, he couldn’t let her go before he explained himself. 
"It’s okay," Hanna mumbled, but Will shook his head. 
"No, it’s not okay..." Will couldn’t find the right words without sounding like he was looking for an excuse and he didn’t know how to explain such a thing to her. 
However, he knew that he would lose her if the misunderstanding was left unraveled. 
Yet, he could only offer silence. This was the hardest thing that he had to talk about, as it had been a long time since they talked about their feelings. 
As slaves, they had never talked about their feelings, because such a thing was useless, it wouldn’t make them feel better, nor would it make their situation any more bearable than this. 
They stopped talking about what they felt and explaining themselves. They buried their grievances deep down and never brought them up, talking about that would only make them recall all the bad memories and why would they want to suffer twice? Thus, Will didn’t know where to start. 
"It’s okay... I understand..." Hanna wriggled her hand in his grip because Will didn’t talk for a long time and she felt dejected. 
"No, you don’t understand." Once again Will shook his head, the words were on the tip of his tongue, but it was so hard to spit them out and the more he became frustrated with himself, the harder it was for him to be coherent. 
People saw him as a cold headed person, but it was only an appearance that he tried to keep up, exactly how Ethan perceived himself as a goofy person or the Alpha, because their real faces were so ugly. 
"You don’t need to explain it if you don’t want to," Hanna said softly, this time, she was genuinely worried when she saw how complicated his expression was, as if there were a myriad of thoughts in his mind. 
Yet, Will shook his head again. "I am sorry." That was the only thing that he could utter and Hanna was very concerned, she no longer wanted an explanation. Whatever it was, it looked so hard for Will to say it. 
"It’s okay," Hanna said in a coaxing tone, she wanted to give him a hug, because he looked like he was going to cry, just like the first time she found him after being defiled by the savages and on the brink of death, but she held herself back, because the last time she initiated physical contact, it didn’t end well. "It’s okay..." She could only repeat the same thing. 
"No, it’s not okay... I hurt you." The sight of her in pain ripped his heart apart.
###Chapter 193: WILL
Chapter 193: WILL
The tension was so real for Will when he clasped the necklace around Hanna’s neck. He didn’t know whether it was enough to show his feelings for her, or if the message was delivered well. He mulled over a lot of possibilities and what he had to do to make it work. 
However, that was also when he saw her coming closer, his mind froze and his first thought was; he was being attacked, thus his instinct told him to defend himself. Everything happened so fast. Even Will couldn’t process the fact that Hanna was harmless. She was not an enemy and it was absolutely ridiculous and impossible for her to harm him. 
Yet, his twisted mind read the whole thing differently because Hanna moved closer to him so abruptly. 
The sight of her crowding him overlapped with another unpleasant memory and the next thing he knew; he had pushed her so hard, as if he was fighting for his life. 
And when the murky clouds in his mind finally cleared up and he could see clearly, he knew what horrible thing that he had done, but his body couldn’t move. He was shut down from reality and could only watch Hanna bleeding profusely before she fled the room without him getting to explain himself or trying to run after her. 
It took him a long time before he could function properly again. He felt very horrible when he had to clean the broken table with Hanna’s blood on the floor. He felt like crying, but there were no tears that he could shed. 
People like him had stopped crying a long time ago. 
"It’s okay..." Hanna said gently. 
"No, it’s not okay... I hurt you." It would never be okay for him to hurt her. How could she still talk to him so softly? "It will never be okay. I am sorry..." 
"You don’t need to be sorry, it was me who misunderstood your intentions..." Hanna was embarrassed. She lowered her head. She really wanted to run away now, but Will still held her hand firmly and refused to let go. 
Hearing that, Will felt uneasy. She misunderstood the whole situation. The sound of her voice as if she was being rejected pained him physically.
"Can I... can I hug you?" Will asked, he didn’t dare to look Hanna in the eyes, as he waited for her answer. This came out of the blue, but he was so desperate to tell her how he felt, that he did not reject her feelings. 
She was the reason why he was still alive today. 
"Hm?" Hanna was caught off guard when she heard the question. 
"Is it okay for me to hug you?" Will asked again, this time, he raised his head to look her in the eyes. He saw how confused she looked, but she eventually nodded her head. 
With her permission, Will moved closer to her, he moved so slowly, as if giving her a chance to push him away, but Hanna wouldn’t do that. She let him take his time and when, finally, she was in his embrace, she breathed a sigh of relief. She didn’t even realize she had been holding her breath. 
Hanna wrapped her arms around his body, at which he stiffened for a second, but then he relaxed again. 
At this point, more or less, Hanna could understand what went wrong. She knew when it had gone wrong. Most people, who had gone through the same things like Will, would be very sensitive with physical contact. They would be constantly on guard and think they were in danger all the time. They were always in a fighting mode, especially a warrior like Will. 
"I will ask your permission next time," Hanna said softly against his chest. 
"Thank you," Will replied earnestly. 
There was no need for an explanation when it turned into a tacit understanding between them, but one day, when Will had organized his thoughts and learned how to communicate better, he would let her know why he did what he had done. 
"Can we skip this? I really need to talk with the Alpha," Redmond said with an irritated sigh. He had been waiting for them to wrap this up, but they kept hugging each other for so long, he felt like he was going to kick both of them for being lovey dovey in front of him. 
The two of them were too immersed in their own world, until they didn’t notice his existence. It seemed, their senses were not functioning at this moment. 
Hearing Redmond’s voice, both of them immediately broke apart. Hanna shrieked and hid behind Will’s back, she felt so embarrassed, while Will turned around and glared at the warrior. 
"What are you doing here?!" Will snapped, but it was more like he was awry to be caught red handed. 
"I am going to meet Cane, people said he is here." Redmond nodded at the door next to him. He was around ten steps away from the couple. 
"Since when were you here?" 
"Since both of you kept apologizing to each other," Redmond replied casually, which meant, he had been listening to them from the beginning. 
"I- I have to do something... I need to go. I will see you later." Hanna stuttered, as she scurried away from there. She was very embarrassed. 
"Sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt, but I have very important things to discuss with your alpha." Redmond raised his shoulders nonchalantly, not looking like he was sorry at all. "Can you tell him that I want to have a talk with him?" 
Will shot him a dagger look, but he knew what Redmond wanted to talk with the Alpha about was important. Because he had been bedridden before, Jace had not yet had any chance to explain about the lycan to him. He must have come here to discuss that. 
"You can talk with Jace first," Will said, still unhappy because he had been interrupted earlier. 
"I sneaked out of my room because I don’t want to talk to him, I want to talk directly to Cane."
###Chapter 194: YOU WILL GO DOWN WITH HIM
Chapter 194: YOU WILL GO DOWN WITH HIM
Iris woke up when she felt someone enter the room and found it was Hanna. She brought her and Cane their breakfast and because she saw the two of them were still sleeping, she didn’t linger for long and left right away after she put the tray on the table beside the bed. 
Hanna also checked the fireplace and added more firewood to it to keep the room warm, because it started to get cold nowadays. 
But, because she didn’t check on Iris again, she didn’t know that she had woken up. She just stared at her the whole time, yet, she didn’t make any sound because she didn’t want to wake Cane up. 
Currently, the Alpha was still in the same position, he was still hugging her hips with his face buried in the crook of her shoulder, he breathed evenly. 
Usually, Cane would wake up at even a little bit of noise and he would be highly alerted if someone came close to him, since his slavery days taught him so hard that he couldn’t have a good rest. 
But right now, he let go of all the pain and worries. He put down his guard because it was so tiring and he didn’t want to think of anything. He wanted to be oblivious to the whole world. 
The decision to execute Aria was hard on him, he had warned her several times, because he didn’t want to be forced into giving out that final verdict. 
Not because Cane couldn’t do it, the fact that he was more than able to issue this order made him try his hardest to put a distance from her, because their mutual consent and the agreement between them had turned into an obsession on her part. 
It wouldn’t do good to either of them. 
On the other hand, Iris didn’t know all of those thoughts, but she could understand why Cane looked distraught after he issued the order, because for whatever reason, Aria was one of the closest people that Cane had. 
Though Cane didn’t see her romantically, he must see her as a companion, just like how he saw his beta and gamma. 
And to sever that tie and punish her severely, was not an easy decision. 
Iris raised her hand and caressed Cane’s head. Right now, the Alpha was oblivious to the whole world, of all people, he was the one who needed to rest the most and she wanted him to have it his way. 
However, Iris had a lot of questions, which she couldn’t ask him, thus the best way to figure out what had happened was to ask the Gamma or the Beta. 
Did everyone know about Cane’s lycan form? What was their reaction? How did they know it was Aria? How was Redmond now? The last time she saw him was when he fought the lycan and dropped to the ground, unable to move. 
Slowly, Iris got off the bed and walked toward the door, but as soon as she opened it, she saw Redmond and Will standing right behind it. 
They were startled to see Iris open the door. Apparently, they had been knocking for a minute before Iris appeared. 
"Can you hear now?" Redmond blurted out. 
"I just happened to come out," Iris replied, because the warrior thought she suddenly managed to cure her deafness. "Are you okay?" Her voice sounded worried now, as she scrutinized Redmond’s body. 
Shamelessly, Redmond raised his shirt to show his stomach before pointing at the spot that was attacked by the lycan. "It is not easy to kill me!" He declared, but he got a hit on his back by Will, as he forced him to put down his clothes. 
Meanwhile, Iris was taken aback, as she took a step back because of the sudden display of Redmond’s shamelessness. 
"Have some decency," Will chided and Redmond simply glared at him. 
"I want to talk with Cane," Redmond demanded, he cut straight to the point, brushing off Will’s displeasure. 
"He is sleeping." 
"Wake him up."
Iris frowned when she read that. "No," she said shortly, unhappy. She wanted him to sleep a little bit longer. 
"Why not? He has been sleeping for a whole night, it is time to wake up. He just ordered the death sentence of his mistress, how can he still sleep peacefully?" This time, it was Redmond who was frowning. 
This warrior had proven it time and again that he was very poor at finding the right words to say, his choice of words was so brazen. 
Iris didn’t like it, so didn’t Will, thus she stepped out of the room and closed the door behind her, as she faced the warrior glumly. 
"What do you want?" Her little face was slightly hardened when she raised her head to look Redmond right in his eyes. It took a lot of effort for her to do that, since their height difference was not something to be overlooked. 
However, her little boldness surprised the two warriors. 
This was the first time for Redmond to see her standing up for something, but he was quite pleased by this, thus he intentionally straightened his back and folded his arms to intimidate her, as he spoke, "Tell me about the lycan. You know about it, right?" He was very blunt with his question. "Cane is a lycan, he is the cursed shifter. He used dark magic to take down the Blue Moon pack." 
Iris knew what he would ask, but his candor still caught her off guard. She shifted her gaze to Will, because she was not sure how much they had learned about it. Did Jace and Ethan tell them about it? What did they say to them? 
She didn’t want to give out any information that the Beta and the Gamma didn’t tell them. 
"Did Jace say something to you?" Iris asked Redmond, but then directed her eyes at Will as well. "Have you met him?" 
"Why should I meet with him when I can talk directly to Cane?" Redmond looked at Iris smugly. He didn’t go easy on her. 
Ignoring Redmond, Iris shifted her attention to Will. "Have you talked to Jace or Ethan about this?" 
"Yes, I have," Will replied honestly. "Jace explained to me and Grace about what happened, aside from the three of us, there is no one who is aware of it." 
"Why don’t you call Jace here, so he could explain this matter to him?" Iris didn’t want to explain this sensitive issue, thus it would be safe to let the Beta do the explanation. 
"I will call him." Will immediately left to call for Jace, because he knew Redmond would be difficult to handle and if worse came to worst, they needed to execute another person today. 
Yet, hearing that, Redmond was having none of it. "I want to talk to Cane now." 
"Are you giving me an order?" Iris narrowed her eyes at him. She prayed that Will would return quickly with Jace, though facing Redmond was as not scary as the lycan, she didn’t like this confrontation and this man was trying to intimidate her thoroughly. 
If this was in the past, she would shrink back and lower her head timidly, but right now, she wouldn’t allow anyone to disturb Cane. She would wake him up before the execution, if he was still sleeping, but absolutely not now. 
"There is no way I can give you an order, you are my luna." Redmond looked docile, but the meaning of his words didn’t erase the smugness in his face. 
"I am glad you still remember that," Iris said, standing straight in front of the door, as if she was guarding it. 
"Say." Redmond couldn’t help but ask this very question. "Don’t you think this is the right time for us to strike the Howling Wolf pack?" He lowered his voice, though it was only the two of them in this west tower. "The current number of the Blue Moon warriors is more than enough to overwhelm the Howling Wolf’s and if this news reaches the King, he will be more than happy to lend a helping hand to destroy this pack." 
Redmond was still harboring this intention and he would keep whispering this idea into her ear at any chance he got. 
"The Howling Wolf pack only sucks our pack dry! Cane is using you to get the Blue Moon pack and the mines! You don’t like this mate bond, he doesn’t even like you, as you are a reminder of his slavery days and Alpha Gerald, sooner or later, when you are no longer useful to him, you will be discarded." 
Redmond looked Iris right in her eyes when he spoke again, he could see how she was trying to process this. 
"He is a lycan, he used dark magic. How long do you think he can keep it a secret? If you are still with him, once he starts going down, you will go down with him as well and when it happens, not only the Howling Wolf pack will be destroyed, but the Blue Moon pack will be as well. Think about that."
###Chapter 195: WHO HAS NOT?
Chapter 195: WHO HAS NOT?
"Do you know how serious the crime of using dark magic is? And he is a lycan. A taboo for shifters. How long do you think he can keep it a secret? Can you guarantee something like that night will never happen again?" Redmond cornered her, but Iris was unwilling to budge. "If you are with him, once the king knows about this, not only him and his pack will go down, but you and the Blue Moon pack as well!" 
Redmond couldn’t care less about the Howling Wolf pack, that pack could be destroyed or even erased from this continent for all he cared, because his main focus was his own pack. He pledged his loyalty to Iris because she was a member of the Blue Moon pack. His loyalty was still with his pack. 
On the other hand, Iris said nothing, she didn’t retort his words, because she knew it was true. No matter how harshly Redmond phrased it, those were the facts. Once the truth of Cane’s lycan form came to light, the whole pack and anyone involved would be doomed. Yet, she believed this was not the situation that you could see in black and white only. 
"You fell for him?" Redmond narrowed his eyes intensely at her. "Did you really fall for him or is it because of the mate bond between the two of you?" He snickered when Iris still said nothing. "He doesn’t know how to love, nor does he know how to receive love. He issued a death sentence for his mistress, the very woman, who stayed by his side through thick and thin without hesitation. What makes you think that he will not do the same to you in the future?" 
At this point, Iris was still clueless about the crime that Aria had committed, thus she didn’t know how to reply to such a question. She had her own guess that the mistress had something to do with the dark magic, which caused Cane to shift into his lycan form, but she was still unclear about the details of it. 
"He will hurt you." Redmond shook his head and scoffed. "He has already hurt you, right?" 
With that question, Iris’ eyes hardened, her clear blue eyes were slightly darker when she countered him with a question of her own. "Who has not?" In her twenty years of life, who had not yet hurt her? "Aside from Hanna, who has not hurt me?" 
Redmond was slightly taken aback with that question, because he didn’t expect such a comeback from her. 
"Cane is using me, but do you really think your concern for me is genuine?" Iris balled her fists beside her body. "You caught me stealing food for the slaves and you reported it to Mason when you could have kept it to yourself. You told Mason about it, even though you know that he would whip me." Iris raised her head to look him dead in the eyes. "Do you really think separating the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack with the help of the King will be the best choice?" 
"At least the King will not dry out our pack!" Redmond hated the fact that the Howling Wolf pack leeched on the resources of the Blue Moon pack. "Cane and his people are moochers! They leech on our pack!" 
"No, the King will not leech on our pack, but he will gobble up the two packs in whole. You are not that na?ve to not see it, right?" Iris had not yet seen much, but at the very least, she understood this. 
For a moment, the two of them stared at each other intensely, as if none of them would step back, but actually, Redmond relaxed his shoulders and a smirk appeared on the corner of his lips. 
"Interesting..." He murmured, which made Iris narrow her eyes. 
However, before Iris could ask further about what he meant by that, Will had returned with Jace. The Beta looked at the two of them and he could sense there was tension in the air. 
"Are you feeling better now?" Jace asked Iris, his gaze stopped short on her shoulder. A patch of white bandage peeked out from her collar. 
"Yes, I am fine now." 
"Can I talk with Cane?" 
Iris shook her head. "He is sleeping, let him sleep a little bit longer. I will wake him up before noon." Noon was the time of Aria’s execution. 
Jace nodded and then shifted his attention toward Redmond. "Come with me, I will answer all of your questions." 
"No. I want Cane himself to answer my questions." Redmond was being difficult now. 
However, instead of listening to him, Iris threw the warrior a dagger look and turned around. She opened the door and literally slammed it close right in front of Redmond, which made the three of them flinch. 
Jace was there to explain things to Redmond, thus it would be fine to leave him to the Beta. 
Once she was inside, Iris leaned her back against the door and slumped to the ground. She pulled her legs to her chest, as she rested her chin on her knees. She hugged herself. Earlier was the first time she had a confrontation with someone. 
She could have pretended to be strong and bold in front of Redmond, but the moment no one saw her, she could feel the rush of adrenaline coursing through her veins disappear. 
"I must be crazy..." She actually talked back to Redmond... 
Iris closed her eyes and took a deep breath, the silence brought comfort to her, but then she felt someone touch her head, ruffling her hair. 
And the first thing that she saw when she opened her eyes abruptly was; Cane. He was kneeling down in front of her with his hand on her head. He looked at her with his cold and dark eyes. 
Iris was not sure how she should react, but then the Alpha retracted his hand and stood up. 
"Get up, I need to go out."
###Chapter 196: CAN’T YOU HANDLE ONE?
Chapter 196: CAN’T YOU HANDLE ONE?
Cane woke up the moment Iris got off the bed and he watched how she put her cloak and clumsily neatened her messy curls, but in the end, she gave up and walked toward the door. 
However, Redmond and Will had been knocking and calling for him since a few minutes ago. 
He didn’t want to meet with them and face their countless questions, especially when he had to deal with Redmond regarding the issue of the lycan. The warrior, absolutely, would give him a hard time. 
Therefore, he didn’t say anything, more so, he wanted to know what Iris was going to say to him and how she would handle the situation. 
He didn’t have high hopes for her, but what he heard was beyond his expectation. The woman actually stood up for him. 
This room was not like the Alpha or the Luna’s room, which was sound proof, thus he could hear their conversation clearly from behind the closed door. 
He heard everything; how Redmond tried to persuade Iris to give up on him and report this to the King. If Cane was someone else, he would have agreed with what Redmond said, because that was true. 
How long could he keep this secret? And what would happen if the secret ever came to light? 
Iris got the perfect opportunity to save herself and turn her back against the man that had forced himself on her. 
Yet, she was very na?ve to turn it down and even get angry on his behalf. 
Cane closed his eyes, listening to how Redmond tried to edge Iris over and how she defended him in the only way she knew. 
He only got off the bed when he heard the door slammed close, Iris must not have realized the strength that she used. 
And when Cane walked toward the door, he found her slumped down on the floor, hugging herself. Her curly, auburn hair looked messy, which made her look like she was wearing a big red cloak from this position. 
Somehow, Cane couldn’t resist the urge to touch her, to run his fingers through her curls, he wanted to be close to her. 
What an irony... 
He became infatuated with the only woman that he shouldn’t. When did all of this start? Was it when he marked her in his lycan form? So, as long as the curse was on him, he would always feel this way toward her? What about the lycan and Iris? 
There were so many unanswered questions. 
Iris raised her head abruptly when she felt someone touched her, she was startled to see Cane and this made him retract his hand and stood up. 
"Get up, I need to go out." 
Iris was sitting right behind the door, thus Cane couldn’t go if she didn’t move away. 
"Oh." Iris immediately stood up and stepped aside to let him walk out of the room, but before Cane left her, he turned around and put his finger under her chin to lift her head, so she could look at him. 
"Redmond knows about the curse, do you think it is worth it to let him alive?" 
Cane’s intention was very clear. He was going to see Redmond and kill him, since he was not reliable with the secret, especially after what he suggested to Iris. 
Keeping him would backfire at him someday if they couldn’t control this warrior, but killing him had its own disadvantages as well. He led around a thousand former warriors of the Blue Moon pack, after all. They could revolt without Redmond controlling them and from what Cane learned, his second in command, Lyle, was even worse than Redmond in terms of harboring hostility toward the Howling Wolf pack. 
Therefore, he needed to tread this matter carefully. 
"Can we... not kill him?" Iris asked carefully, because she was afraid that Cane would misunderstand her. "He has placed his loyalty in me, he will not betray me." 
"Yes, but it is not about you." Cane wanted to see what Iris was going to do. This was why he waited until she regained consciousness to involve her in this matter. 
The only solution in this sensitive matter was for Iris to step forward and assert herself as the Luna, as the person that Redmond had pledged his loyalty to. She needed to press him, but knowing her soft and gentle nature, it was not an easy task for her. It was actually something almost impossible. 
Yet, seeing how Iris had stood up for him earlier made Cane realize she was not as timid as he thought she was. 
"What do you want me to do?" Iris blinked her eyes, she was trying to read the situation and what he wanted from her, but she was not good at it. 
"What do you think you should do?" Cane asked her back. He wanted Iris to really realize the gravity of this situation and make her own decision. 
Iris furrowed her brows, a complicated look flashed in her blue eyes. "Cane, I can’t do this. You can make the decision and I will agree with you." 
Iris had been living quietly and was used to people not noticing her because her father didn’t like it when she interacted with someone else, which made her become so passive. 
Yet, only recently she figured out that she could be a chatterbox when she talked with someone that made her comfortable, or she was actually brave enough to stab the lycan because the situation required her to do so. 
There were a lot of things that she figured out about herself, but still, it was still a long way to go before she could come out of her shell. Her brother always told her how useless she was and that was what she believed. 
Right now, she was afraid to make such a big decision. 
"Sure, I can do that." Cane nodded, which made Iris sigh in relief, but it didn’t last, because what he said next left her completely stunned. "Until when will you rely on me? I have seven thousand people relying on me, can’t you handle one?"
###Chapter 197: MY LOYALTY LAY IN HIM
Chapter 197: MY LOYALTY LAY IN HIM
Because of the battle and slavery, many people died and the members in two packs dwindled significantly. 
Even though the number of warriors in the Howling Wolf pack was greater than the Blue Moon pack, it was because they trained at an early age, around twelve to thirteen. 
In other packs, the age they would start training would be between fifteen to seventeen. 
It was important for them to have enough manpower when your territory was within the scope of Goffa mountain. Though the monster attacks were not as crazy as in the North, they were still monsters in the end. 
"Cane, I don’t know what I have to say." Iris tugged at his sleeve, to make him stop walking. 
Cane followed the scent of his beta and Will to know where they were taking Redmond to have a talk with him, which was not difficult for him to do because he was familiar with their scents. 
"If this is too much for you, you can simply execute him." 
Iris lowered her head. She didn’t want to be the cause of someone else’s death. The knowledge of it made her stomach churn. However, this was the world that she lived in. This was the world that she was not aware of, because her father didn’t allow her to explore anything beyond what he approved of. 
And in the future, it was impossible to keep her hands clean when she wanted to protect something that was dear to her. There would be more bloodshed than she could imagine. She would lose someone in order to protect the other. 
However, it would be a story for another time... 
Cane didn’t wait, nor did he ask whether she was ready or not when he opened the door, behind which were Jace, Redmond and Will. 
All of them turned their heads toward Cane upon hearing the creaking sound of the door. 
"Cane," Jace greeted him, his face full of concern. It seemed he was in the middle of a bad argumentation with Redmond, since the warrior was very obstinate as he relentlessly threatened him with this secret. 
The Beta was on the verge of ending this whole ordeal by killing him right there and then. 
Cane nodded at Jace and Will, as he entered the room and took a seat at the table, his eyes fixed on Redmond, this time he didn’t ignore him like he used to do. 
"I heard you want to talk with me," Cane said, he didn’t raise his voice, but it was laced with authority. 
Meanwhile, Iris was standing next to him, she looked at Redmond and the other two. She knew that he had given the Beta and Will a hard time. The tension was rather thick inside this room. 
"Finally, the lycan is here," Redmond sneered, which made Jace and Will let out a low, dangerous growl, warning him to watch what he said. "What? Did I say something wrong? You just admitted that he is indeed the lycan." 
"Yes, you are right, I am." Cane didn’t even bat an eye when he admitted to it, as he fixed his eyes on Redmond, which made the warrior glare at him, because once again, he failed to provoke the Alpha. 
"Great! Now, we can talk about..." 
"You can talk with her." Cane nodded at Iris beside him. 
Along the way to this room, Cane had told Iris about the pros and cons of killing Redmond, about how the Blue Moon pack’s warriors would lose their leader and their second in command was even worse than Redmond. 
Therefore, it was up to her how she would handle this situation, since Redmond would only listen to her, technically, as she was the one he had pledged to. 
Iris fiddled with her fingers, but when she felt all of their eyes on her, she gritted her teeth and lifted her head. She looked Redmond dead in the eyes. Thankfully, her voice was not shaking and she was not trembling when she delivered her first direct order to him. 
"I want you to not say anything about this. Not even a single soul should know about the matter of the lycan." Iris heard about the Alpha and Luna’s voice, where their words filled with authority, and a direct order would be very difficult to refuse, even if they didn’t want to follow one. 
This was the first time Iris felt this sensation. Unlike the Alpha’s voice that sounded powerful, the Luna’s voice sounded more gentle, but not less demanding for you to oblige. 
You would be able to use it once the process of marking and mating had been done and it would come to you naturally. 
Not to mention with the fact that Redmond gave his promise to Iris, to keep her safe and follow every word that she uttered without question, thus this order only sealed the deal. 
"Ck, ck, ck..." Redmond clicked his tongue, annoyed. "I don’t believe that you can pull such an order on me." 
Iris then took something from her pocket and walked over toward Redmond. Jace and Will looked at her curiously and the thing in her hand. 
Only when she was close enough that they could see it. It was a dagger, a silver dagger that Iris took from Redmond that night when she stabbed the lycan to pull the shard of the curse magic stone out. 
Iris handed the dagger to Redmond. 
"That, or you can end your life." Iris’ voice was so callous when she said that. "Just like you said, if the secret is known, all of us will be doomed, I don’t want to take that risk." 
"Or we can do it my way and we will survive. I don’t give a shit about the Howling Wolf pack." 
Iris made Redmond take back his dagger and then she walked back toward Cane. "He is my mate, my loyalty lies in him. If you harm him... you harm me." 
"Have you forgotten that he raped you? It’s that easy for you to forget?"
###Chapter 198: BEING TOO KIND IS A SIN
Chapter 198: BEING TOO KIND IS A SIN
Redmond scoffed when he heard Iris’ na?ve words. He had never thought that he would actually hear such cheesy words. 
What Iris said sounded too ’gentle’ for this harsh reality, she seemed to not understand the concept of how this world worked, such a na?ve and sweet woman... 
"Have you forgotten that he raped you? It’s that easy for you to forget?" Redmond enunciated every word clearly, so Iris wouldn’t miss a single word. He stared at her and watched how her expression changed when he reminded her again about it. 
Will and Jace were seething when they heard what Redmond said, as they turned their attention toward Iris, whose face was blanched. 
Jace couldn’t help but revive the memory when he caught Iris and Cane in the library. He could see how much pain she was in, but the only thing that he could do was to leave the scene, so his presence wouldn’t humiliate her further. 
On another note, no one would be able to completely forget about such a dreadful experience. Of course, Iris remembered down to every detail of it now Redmond forced her to recall the memories that she tried so hard to bury deep in the back of her mind. 
Iris took a step back. She was visibly trembling. 
Even though it was not Redmond’s intention to cause her pain, he wanted her to think about it again. He didn’t want her to gloss over what Cane had done to her, although he treated her a little bit nice now. 
Would it offset all those horrendous things that he had done to her? How weak her heart was to easily forget about it and pretend like it had never happened? 
But, to think about it again, the Alpha only treated her nicely because he had a hidden agenda. 
Cane was a lycan, he used dark magic, and for whatever reason, Jace said the cursed shifter was safe for Iris? What a ridiculous thing to say...! Yet, they seemed wanting to use Iris more, while this girl was too na?ve and kind for her own good, as she let everything slide just like that. 
A simple apology and treating her a little bit nicely were enough to make it up to her? They didn’t even punish those imbeciles who tried to stone her to death! How shameless were they to think they could use Iris again? 
However, the part that drove Redmond crazy was the fact that Iris was not even aware of a single thing of it! Sometimes, when you were too kind and na?ve, you would appear so stupid! 
On the other hand, Iris was trying so hard to regain her composure and school her expression, but Redmond always knew how to attack with his words. His choice of words would always be ’delicate’, which could stir anyone around him, whoever heard it. 
"I will take Luna Iris out," Will said. He took the initiative to get Iris out of this place, away from Redmond’s vicious mouth. He was afraid Iris wouldn’t be able to take it. 
No one wanted to be reminded about such things. Inside this room, it was safe to say that it was only Redmond who had never gone through what they had experienced, thus he had close to zero empathy when he posted such a question to Iris. 
Will walked closer to Iris and was about to take her hand, so he could get her out, but she took a step back and avoided him. 
Seeing this, Will could understand what kind of turmoil she was in right now and he didn’t move closer again, he stopped at a safe distance from her. 
However, the problem was; she was staring at the floor, thus no matter what he said, she wouldn’t know. 
This time, it was Cane who approached her, but before he could go closer, Iris had raised her head and then looked at him briefly before she shifted her deep, blue eyes back to Redmond. 
"Your question was irrelevant." Iris gritted her teeth, it was clear to see that she was trying her hardest to rein in her own emotions. "Will you or will you not take the secret to your grave? Or, I can command you to use the dagger in your hand and end your life." 
This time, it was Redmond that looked restless because Iris had commanded him to take his own life. Of course, he could refuse the temptation to follow her order, but the feeling was not right. It almost felt like he was doing something wrong, but it would be very wrong of him to follow her command. 
The longer he refused to speak, the worse his anxiety became, as the dagger in his hand felt so tempting. 
This also surprised Redmond because he didn’t know that the power that was held by the Vessel Bond over their blood could be this strong. When he pledged his loyalty to Gerald, he didn’t feel such a strong urge to follow his command. It was insane! 
How could she pull it off?! 
"Fine!" Redmond barked. He didn’t look happy at all. "I will keep it a secret, I will not tell a single soul about the cursed shifter!" 
And when he finally promised to seal his mouth about this important secret, the urge to end his own life stopped as well. 
"Now, can I leave? My people are still out there, inside the Goffa mountain, being a snack for the monsters there because you gave them a wrong lead and told them to keep looking for the lycan!" Redmond gave Cane a side eye disdainfully. 
"Follow me," Jace said begrudgingly. He needed to take Redmond away from this place, before Cane lost his patience for him and things became even more complicated than they were already. 
Will also followed the two of them, leaving Cane and Iris alone inside this room. 
Iris thought Cane would leave as well, but he didn’t budge and she could feel his intense gaze on her. 
Slowly, she turned her head and clashed with his bottomless dark eyes, they were unreadable and the Alpha said nothing...
###Chapter 199: LIFE CAN BE VERY CRUEL
Chapter 199: LIFE CAN BE VERY CRUEL
The silence between them was deafening and it almost felt like they had reverted back to the very beginning, to the time when Cane saw her as Gerald’s daughter and himself as her master. 
And just like what was expected of him, there was no explanation. He didn’t reopen the conversation about what Redmond had said earlier, he just kept silent. He let the other person think whatever she wanted, without him giving any idea over what was in his mind. 
What Redmond said had opened a can of worms and this made all the progress, even the mate bond between them, pale in comparison to the pain that they tried to forget. 
What traversed before was a bunch of unspoken things, it fell into the same list of the things that they pretended had never happened, just like how Cane found comfort every night by holding Iris close to him or how they talked about pain and scars the other night. 
They were forced to move forward by licking their own wounds while pushing the shameful past to the backs of their minds, but right now, the same past dragged them down and made the present become more difficult. The life they had could be very cruel. 
"Redmond will not say anything about the secret," Iris finally said after a long moment of silence and she was sure, if she didn’t say anything, they would stay like this for another hour, since Cane was very familiar with this silence. 
"Mm," Cane intoned. "Thank you." 
"I will go back to my room," Iris said again. 
Right now, they were occupying the west watchtower, which required them to share the same small room and bed. Iris didn’t think she could go back there after Redmond burst the world that she created in her head, where she had never gone through such dreadful things before. 
Iris was used to creating her own world inside her head, where she would deliberately forget things that bother and hurt her, that was how she survived all of her traumas. 
"Mm." 
Knowing Cane wouldn’t say anything, Iris turned around and left the room. 
This was the first time for her to be in the west watchtower, but thankfully, it was easy enough for Iris to find her way back to the pack house and return to her own bedroom. 
This room was still dull like the first time she occupied it. Nothing had changed even after she returned from the Moon Dew pack. They just added rugs to cover the cold tiles, but aside from that this place was a far cry when you imagined a Luna’s bedroom. 
Yet, Iris couldn’t care less about that, she wanted to lay down and close her eyes.
However, she couldn’t do that, because before she closed the door, someone held it, which startled her, since she didn’t see anyone coming, being too preoccupied with her own thoughts. 
"Luna Iris." 
"Kaz?" Iris was surprised to see the old steward. She rarely saw him before, but why was he looking for her now? 
"Luna Iris, you need to help talk to the Alpha..." his expression looked very gloomy, he was clearly running out of options and only came to her as his last hope. 
"What is it? I don’t think I can help with anything if it is regarding the Alpha..." Recalling what had happened less than an hour earlier, Iris didn’t think that she and Cane were on speaking terms right now. 
"No, please try first, Luna Iris." Iris felt uncomfortable when he kept addressing her as the Luna, yet Kaz didn’t pay attention to such details as he pleaded with her again. "Please ask the Alpha to reconsider his punishment for Aria." 
It was only three hours before Aria’s execution and people became very restless to know the person that was close to them would be executed. This would be the first execution ever in this Howling Wolf pack under Cane’s reign, after they were set free from the slavery. 
Aria’s figure was so close to them, because they spent a decade together under the same tyranny and shared the same pain. 
Therefore, they glossed over her offense, especially when the three innocent children that had died because of the dark magic were children from the Blue Moon pack. They lost their parents during the attack, a few weeks before they moved back to their own land. 
"The Alpha is fine now, this must be because of a moment of poor judgment on her part, there is no way she meant any harm to the Alpha. We all know how much she loves the Alpha," Kaz pleaded with Iris. "I know that you don’t like her, but this punishment is too severe." 
The way Kaz phrased his words, made it sound as if Iris held such power to make Cane change his decision. If anything, she must be the last person that could have such an impact on him. 
However, for Kaz and a few people, there was a time when they saw Aria as their luna, because she was the only woman beside Cane before Iris came into the picture. Not even once did they imagine having Gerald’s daughter as their luna instead. 
"Please, Luna Iris, people said that you are different from your father," Kaz spoke again, using the same types of phrases to corner her. "Please talk to Alpha Cane, you are his Luna after all." 
"It is the alpha’s decision, if you want him to change it, you should look for him, not me." Iris felt like she was in a hard place. She didn’t wish for Aria to be executed, but what could she say to make Cane change his mind? She didn’t even know how to start a conversation with him at this moment. 
"If I can, do you think I will come looking for you?" Kaz’s words were a little bit harsh now and he realized it too late, he couldn’t take back what he said. 
After all, half the members of the Howling Wolf pack had moved back here when the truth of Iris’ help during their slavery came to light and even fewer people were there to listen directly to what Hanna had said when they were still in the Blue Moon pack. 
Thus, it was inevitable that some people were a little bit skeptical.
###Chapter 200: HIS TWISTED WAY
Chapter 200: HIS TWISTED WAY
"If I can, do you think I will come looking for you?" Kaz immediately realized how harsh the words that he said were, but he couldn’t take them back. 
The truth about how Iris had helped them during their slavery days with the help of Hanna and some servants spread to the rest of the pack members in the Howling Wolf pack too after they arrived here. 
Yet, some of them were still skeptical about Iris and only a few of them tried to have an amicable relationship with her if they really had to, just like Kaz. 
The steward was not hostile toward Iris, but he wouldn’t go out of his way to make her feel welcomed or comfortable in this pack either. 
"I will look for Alpha Cane," Kaz murmured, as he backed away, knowing his chance to make Iris talk to the Alpha was close to zero. 
And without waiting for Iris’ response, Kaz walked away. He gave her a side look before he turned around, which made Iris feel a little bit uncomfortable and guilty. 
After Kaz had left, Iris stayed there, staring into the distance, as her mind jumbled up with a lot of thoughts. 
She thought she had made progress, but it seemed, the people in this pack would only see her with judgment in their eyes always. 
Iris didn’t think she would ever be a part of them... 
============================= 
"Cane, have you reconsidered this decision?" Jace asked Cane after he found him in the east watchtower, the place where you could oversee the execution area. In the middle of the podium, you could see the gallows. 
In less than an hour, Aria would be hung there and lose her life. This would be the first execution under Cane’s order and who would have thought that the death sentence would befall upon the mistress? 
"People are begging you to revoke the punishment because this is very cruel." Jace glanced through the window, where half of the pack members prostrated themselves in front of the podium, pleading for another punishment for Aria. 
Meanwhile, Cane was leaning against the window frame, staring at the same scene. Yet, it was hard to tell what was in his mind right now. His dark eyes were bottomless. 
"Do you also think it is cruel?" Cane asked Jace instead, but his eyes were still focused on those people. 
"We can banish her from the pack," Jace suggested, he had suggested this idea as soon as he learnt about the punishment Cane gave to Aria. 
"Where will she go?" 
"We can send her to the neighboring pack or..." 
"What about the information that she held?" Cane shifted his attention to his beta when he asked this question. "You guys often discussed confidential things in her presence. What about the secret information that she knew? Will she be able to keep it a secret?" 
Jace was taken aback at that question, because it didn’t cross his mind at all. Because of Aria’s constant presence around Cane, they didn’t see her as someone that they needed to take precaution against. As a result, they never hesitated to discuss confidential things in her presence, even though Cane was not there. 
He really saw her as one of them and not even in their wildest dreams did they think something like this would happen. 
"She..." Jace lowered his head. 
"Will she?" 
Jace didn’t have the confidence to say that Aria would keep the secret. What if someone tempted her with Cane again? No matter how ridiculous it was, Aria saw a different goal from them. If she couldn’t see the danger of using dark magic and what the King could do if he pinned the blame on this pack, then there was nothing that could make her see how her obsession could cost thousands of people’s lives. 
It was Aria’s bad judgment and even Cane believed she didn’t mean to kill those children or harm him. Yet, she would be a ticking bomb in the future for them. Someone could easily use her, especially with her unique status and how easy it was for her to come closer to the Alpha. 
Thus, banishment was out of option. 
"We can try house arrest..." Jace’s voice was not as firm. 
"Intentionally or not, killing three children, using dark magic and harming the alpha, will only be punished with house arrest?" Cane questioned his beta, he tilted his head, waiting for his response, but Jace knew how ridiculous the punishment he suggested was for the heavy crime that Aria had committed. 
At this point, Jace stopped trying to persuade him and kept his mouth shut altogether. It was a tragic ending for Aria, but she really dug her own grave so deep, ignoring all the warnings that Cane gave to her. 
Jace looked at the streets, as many people started to come out of their houses. Everyone stopped what they were doing to join the others, pleading for the Alpha to revoke the punishment. 
It was a hard decision, it was not easy even for Cane to come to this conclusion. He had enough of Aria, because she could be a danger for them in the future, but when Jace looked at his face, his expression was devoid of all emotions, as if he had tuned out his feelings and right now there was nothing that could touch his numbness. 
The Beta was standing two steps away from the Alpha, but Jace felt Cane was miles away, someone that he couldn’t reach and this distant feeling that he felt scared him sometimes, he felt like he was going to lose him someday when he hardened his heart enough and hid his thoughts even deeper than this. 
"Don’t you want to see and talk with her for one last time?" Jace asked. "She only asked to see you for the last time." Aria refused to talk and only asked to see Cane. 
"No." Cane furrowed his brows. "Let her hate me." 
Cane knew hate intimately, so did Aria and it would be easy for that woman to hate than to love him. He wanted to make it easier for her in his own twisted way.
###Chapter 201: STILL, SHE LOVES HIM
Chapter 201: STILL, SHE LOVES HIM
Hate was an emotion that they were far too familiar with. Cane knew hate intimately, while love was something he deemed he didn’t deserve to receive. 
It would be easier for Aria to hate than love him. 
In the streets, Cane and Jace could see the clamouring start when they saw Aria walking down the street in her white dress. Her long hair cascaded down her back, while she looked around her frantically, hoping to see that one face that she really wanted to see. 
She couldn’t believe it. Even in her last moments, he still refused to see her. The last time she saw Cane was when he was lying on the bed. That was her last memory of him. 
Aria ignored all the people around her that kept saying anything and everything. Their voices were buzzing in her ears, they sounded incoherent, because that was not the voice that she wanted to hear. She missed him so dearly. 
Walking on either side of her were Aderan and Ethan. They accompanied her until she reached the altar, where she could see the gallows. 
Both Ethan and Aderan helped her to climb the steps and everything else went in a blurr for Aria. The sun was not scorching hot and the wind was a little bit too cold this winter, but it had not snowed yet.
She was standing on a platform, which was erected higher than people’s eye level. There was a loop of rope before her eyes, but it was not fear that she felt, instead disappointment and emptiness. 
Her eyes searched for him, even during the last few minutes of her life, she chose to seek for his presence. In this vast crowd, on this bright day, in between words that her pack members said, amidst this commotion and even in the torment and disappointment, she looked for him relentlessly... 
Yet, she couldn’t find him. 
She wished she knew that it would end like this. She wished she had pushed him out of her heart when it wasn’t too late and stopped seeking justification for her feelings toward him. She wished she didn’t fall for him... 
But, the truth was; if by some miracle she had given a second chance, she would still choose to love him all the same. 
She admired him when he was with Miss Leane. Watching how warm and affectionate he was with her dear missy, she often wished she would have a mate like him. 
And when, finally, she got him, it was not that version that she imagined of him, still, she loved him with all of her being. She accepted the pain without any complaints. She stayed by his side just like how her missy would, but the truth was... that warm and kind man no longer existed, still, she wanted him. 
Even when Cane told her the truth bluntly, emphasizing how he didn’t love her and reminded her over and over again about their mutual agreement, still, she was stubborn about justifying her own feelings for him. 
Somehow, she knew from the start, there was nothing to look forward to pertaining to what they had, still, she chose to close her eyes. 
And now, what was left of her? 
Aria felt numb when Ethan hugged her briefly, as he whispered into her ear; I will see you soon. She didn’t even ask what he meant by that. 
Because even now, she and the rest of the Howling Wolf pack were not aware of the decree from the palace. Not even the news about the great offense that Ethan had committed, which could potentially cost him his life, was spread. 
Aria didn’t know about that and probably would never know, but Ethan had given up on this life and would accept whatever punishment came his way. Knowing Alan, the Gamma believed he would be in Aria’s position sooner than later once they touched the capital city’s grounds. 
Aderan stepped forward and looped the rope around her neck, he said something, but Aria didn’t deem that important. Nothing seemed important for her right now. 
The only person that she wanted to see was not here. She lifted her head and blinked at the bright light of the winter sun... 
========================== 
Iris tried to find Cane. She couldn’t shake Kaz’s eyes off of her mind because the look that he gave her simply haunted her. It was a mix of disappointment and disdain... 
Even though she couldn’t make him change his decision, at the very least, she could give it a try. She could find solace in that. 
Yet, no one knew where he was. 
In the end, she ended up on the streets, where she saw Aria walking toward the gallows. She was wearing a white dress, her olive skin looked so clean, which meant she was treated well even in the dungeon, but that was not important right now. 
Her clouded eyes looked around and Iris knew who she was looking for. 
She felt a pang in her heart and felt so bad for her. Even after what had happened and the fact that three innocent children’s lives were gone because of her greed, she couldn’t help feeling this pain in her heart to see the misery in those eyes. 
If she could, she really wanted to drag Cane here, so Aria could see him for one last time, even if he couldn’t revoke his order. Wasn’t this too cruel to her? 
"What are you doing here?" 
Iris felt someone tug her arm and turned her body around. She was startled, because she thought she was being attacked again, since she was among these people, but it was Redmond. 
"You shouldn’t be here, these people are grieving, they can misdirect their grief toward you again like before," Redmond chided her lightly. 
"I- I am looking for Cane," Iris replied truthfully, which made Redmond click his tongue in annoyance, because he could read her intentions. 
"Nobody can stop this from happening. Come, I will bring you back to the pack house." He held her hand and was about to take her away from there when everyone gasped in shock. 
Iris couldn’t hear it, but their strong reaction made her turn her body around out of instinct, yet Redmond pulled her closer and pressed her face against his chest to cover her eyes. "Don’t look."
###Chapter 202: A MYRIAD THOUGHT
Chapter 202: A MYRIAD THOUGHT
Redmond cursed under his breath when he saw what was going to happen on the podium and Iris was about to turn around and witness the same thing. 
He had witnessed his own fair share of violence, but knowing how soft hearted Iris was, he knew this would be too much for her to discern, thus, despite his rambling a few hours ago and how strong and vicious his words were, he still shielded her from witnessing such a nightmare. 
Redmond pulled her hand and pressed her face against his chest to hide her from the last sight of Aria. How her body hung in the air and struggled for a while, which felt like forever. 
"Damn it... Cane is really heartless," Redmond muttered under his breath. 
Currently, they were in an alley, behind all the people who were crying and expressing their grievance for their loss of the mistress. They took pity on her, but because of her crimes, they couldn’t really ask for justice from the Alpha. 
Because deep down they knew, this punishment was fair and now the only thing that they could do was to mourn the soul that they had lost. 
Iris couldn’t see what was happening, neither could she hear their sad cries, but she could feel the sudden change in the air. The execution had been completed. 
"You don’t want to stay here," Redmond said, though Iris couldn’t hear him. He put his arm around her shoulder and turned around to walk in the opposite direction. 
These people could be unpredictable, he heard how bad it was when they stoned her when all she did was help them in the tents after the attack. 
Though he was displeased to have Iris as his luna and how ’kind’ she was in this cruel world, he didn’t have any other choice. He still couldn’t put her in harm’s way that would cost her her life. 
Redmond walked Iris back to the pack house, while from afar, on the east watchtower, the Alpha caught sight of his mate among all the people there. 
"She’s gone now..." Jace said, the Beta watched how Ethan and Will put down Aria’s body...
=========================== 
"Miss!" Hanna rushed over to Iris when she saw her walking with Redmond. "I have been looking for you, where are you!?" Her face was filled with worry, everyone was well aware what transpired today, thus she wanted to stay with her, because all the people were so gloomy and she was concerned about Iris’ wellbeing and how all of this would affect her. "Are you okay?" 
Iris lifted her head and smiled at Hanna, she hugged her back and turned to Redmond. "Thank you for walking me back, you can leave now." 
Redmond just nodded and left without saying anything. 
"Miss, where have you been? I am so worried." Hanna opened the door so Iris could step inside her bedroom. 
"Hanna, can you prepare a warm bath for me? I want to relax a bit." Iris didn’t show how distraught she was a moment ago, because right now, she looked normal as she smiled sweetly. 
"Sure, of course!" Hanna replied cheerfully, she was too happy to see her missy not being affected by what was happening. "Just a moment, I will prepare it for you. I will add a few petals too!" 
Iris didn’t stop her, because while Hanna was busy, she could have time for herself and think things through.... 
========================== 
They used rats this time. Mason came up a with brilliant idea again, as he learned from someone on his journey to the black market about how to torture someone efficiently. 
And this time, he took one of the she- wolves that was in heat, because her scent was very strong and tempting and as usual, he decided to force Cane to watch the show. 
It was their sixth year in the slavery. They had gone through so much and freedom was an expensive dream that they could only imagine while enduring torture. 
The girl was only eighteen, she met her mate a week ago, but two days later, after knowing that she had been marked, Gerald took her to his room and roughed her up, and after he was done with her, he tossed her to the guards for them to devour. 
Meanwhile, her mate had gone insane knowing what happened to his other half, yet with the bars that caged him, he could do nothing to save her. 
Same as what was happening with Cane right now. 
The Alpha couldn’t do anything when the woman was in heat and those guards toyed with her or when Mason came to interrupt their fun. He was holding a box full of rats. 
"Pin both her arms and legs!" Mason ordered the guards, but his mocking eyes were fixed on Cane. He enjoyed the sight of how helpless Cane was whenever he delivered torture to his pack members. 
The box that Mason held had a hole, where he placed it against the girl’s stomach, as he lit a small brazier on top of it, making the rats become more active when the box became hot. 
The rats finally scratched their way through her stomach to find a way out to escape the hot box, which made the girl let out an ear piercing scream. A shrill scream filled with agony rang throughout the dungeon, along with Mason and the guards’ laughter. 
It stopped when Cane opened his eyes and found himself in his own bedroom, sitting in his chair. He fell asleep when he was reading a few reports. 
It had been two days since the day of the execution and tomorrow, he would head to the capital city with Iris, Ethan and a few more people to finally answer the decree. 
He didn’t know when the last time he fell asleep peacefully was, but every time he closed his eyes, such a dream would greet him, leaving him even more distraught. 
Cane stood up and walked toward the connecting door that would take him to his luna’s bedroom, but he stopped himself and just stood there silently, staring at the closed door.
###Chapter 203: DEPARTURE
Chapter 203: DEPARTURE
The sky looked so bleak as the group prepared to set off on a long journey to the capital city, in order to answer the call from the King that had been long overdue. 
Everyone wrapped their bodies in thick cloaks, because the temperature dropped drastically two days ago. Although snow had not yet fallen, it had already entered the winter and the atmosphere had turned solemn. Not many people had activities outside their houses. 
Aside from Ethan and Iris, Cane got Will, Redmond, Aderan and another fifteen warriors to go with them. The group was not that big for a ceremony for the acknowledgement of the new alpha and luna in the capital city temple, because usually, at least a quarter of the pack members would be there to share the joyous moment. However, it would be hard to move in big numbers during winter. 
More so, a ceremony like this usually happened during summer or fall, never in the winter, because the weather could be harsh. 
However, the ceremony was the last thing on their minds when the death sentence for the Gamma was looming over their heads at this very moment. They weren’t looking forward to any celebrations, especially when it was only a few days after the death of the mistress. 
Yet, the Gamma in concern actually rallied ten orphan children to see his rabbits, which left Aliana fuming mad because of the missing of the children. 
"How can you bring them out without permission!?" Aliana hit the gamma’s back when she found Ethan in the woods with the children. "I have been looking for them everywhere!" She had known him since they were very young and she knew how mischievous he could be. "Everyone is preparing for the departure, what are you doing here, kidnapping my children!?" 
"I have finished mine!" Ethan was having a hard time dodging Aliana’s vicious attacks, while the children cheered from the side. "There! I have finished mine!" He pointed at a single bag that sat lonely on the ground. 
He didn’t intend to bring many things with him, because he thought it would be a waste. All he packed was essential things that he could use when he was there and be easily discarded when he was no more, so it wouldn’t burden his pack members to bring his things back. 
"You will be away for at least two to three months, but you will only bring a small backpack!? Are you out of your mind?!" Aliana couldn’t accept that and started nagging him to bring more. 
"Nah, it’s not necessary, I need to teach these little brats how to feed my rabbits." 
"Don’t call them brats!" Aliana reprimanded him. "Moreover, when you return the rabbits will already be big, there is no need to teach them to feed them." 
Ethan only grinned when he heard the word ’return’. 
On the other hand, Hanna was delighted because the Alpha let her come with them at the last notice, so someone that Iris knew would be there to accompany her. 
Iris would be more comfortable with Hanna around in a place that was very unfamiliar to her. Of course, Hanna was also elated because she didn’t need to wait months to see the two people that she loved the most. 
"Oh," Hanna was startled when someone took the bag from her hand, but when she turned her head, her face flushed red. 
"You want to bring this to the carriage?" Will asked her. 
"Yes." Hanna nodded. She was thinking about him, but here he was, right next to her. He had been very busy recently and they didn’t have time to see each other, therefore, to be able to go on this journey made Hanna feel like she could die from happiness. 
Will nodded and carried the other bag as well for her. 
"If you carry all the bags, I won’t have anything with me," Hanna teased him, as she showed her empty hands. 
"You are coming with us to accompany your missy, you should let others do the hard labor." Will put the two bags inside the carriage. "Is there anything else you need to bring over?" 
Hanna grinned, she turned into a silly girl whenever he was around, though she was no longer around that age. "Are you trying to snatch all my work?" 
"I am trying to spend my time with you," Will murmured and then walked away. 
Though they would be together, they couldn’t spend time with each other, since Will would be busy with the other warriors, while Iris and Hanna would spend their time inside the carriage. 
"What did you say? I didn’t hear that!" Hanna chased after Will, but he quickened his steps. "Hey! You said, you will spend time with me...!" 
Though under this dreary sky, it was a warm feeling to see there were a few people that still could smile genuinely, a few faces were still gloomy. Like Iris, because apparently, the Alpha and the Luna of the pack had not been on speaking terms for days. 
The exchange between them before they set off felt a little bit awkward. They didn’t talk much, even though they weren’t always amicable. But this time, they looked even gloomier than the sky. 
Iris went straight to her carriage and stayed there, while Cane led this group. Meanwhile, people sent them off with flowers along the streets to the main gates, but the feeling of sadness and sorrow still lingered in the air. 
Once again, the Beta was left behind to take care of the pack and as soon as the entourage had left the fortress, they shut their gates close. They wouldn’t open them again until their return. 
Tranquility returned to the pack, as the first snow fell that night. 
At night. 
Everyone huddled inside their houses, sitting so close to the fireplaces, but two figures could be seen outside of the fortress of the Howling Wolf pack. 
These two mysterious figures stood in silence for a few minutes before one of them started to dig the hard and cold ground with the shovel in his hand. 
"Master, are you sure that they buried her here?" The young boy asked.
###Chapter 204: WINTER NIGHT
Chapter 204: WINTER NIGHT
The temperature dropped drastically after it snowed and the wind howled in the distance, making one shiver in fear because it sounded like a banshee shrieking right in their ears. 
But, thanks to the sorcerer’s power, his magic could prevent the two of them from freezing to death. 
"Master, are you sure they buried her here?" Letto asked. He was the young boy who was always with the sorcerer. He had been digging this spot for half an hour now and his small body didn’t hold so much strength to keep doing this. The wind hurt his eyes so much. 
"Keep digging." Dexter had his eyes fixed on the pit that Letto had dug out from. He didn’t seem to worry that he had made a mistake or pointed to the wrong spot. It seemed he was one hundred percent sure where they had buried her on this mountain. 
Because of the crime of committing treason, Aria was not buried inside the Howling Wolf pack’s grave like the other pack members, but she was buried on the mountain with a beautiful view and a small river nearby.
Ethan and Aderan took their time to find this beautiful place and buried her so deep, so the monsters wouldn’t find her body. At the very least, this was the only thing that they could do for her. 
This place would look so beautiful when spring came and it would be a perfect place for a free spirit like Aria. She was a radiant and brilliant girl before all of this happened, after all. 
"She is not here, Master...!" Letto dropped to his knees and he had a hard time catching his breath. Though it was freezing cold, he was sweating profusely. 
Now, he had dug until half of his body was swallowed by the cold ground, but he couldn’t find anything yet. How deep did they bury her? 
"Get out of there," Dexter said, as he waved his hand, indicating he would continue with magic. 
Letto immediately scrambled his way out of there and stood behind his master. He liked watching from the side whenever the sorcerer used his power, but recently, because the magic stones that he had were running out, he rarely used his powers, unless it was an emergency. 
A beam of warm yellow light burst from the ground, where he dug earlier, followed by a cracking sound, as if the ground split into two and then the light became brighter and brighter, until it forced the young boy to shut his eyes and cover them with his arms. 
It only lasted for a second, but when Letto put down his arms and looked around him, nothing had changed, except he could now see a woman sitting on the foot of this trench . 
"Take her out." Dexter took a step back. 
"Huh?" Letto peeked inside the trench and found Aria’s body. She was in a sitting position, still in her white dress, while her face was covered by her long hair. 
"Hurry," Dexter said impatiently because this young boy could be so air-headed sometimes. 
"Oh, okay... okay..." Letto immediately jumped down and was about to grab her when he saw her lift her head and stare at him with a blank expression. "AARRGGH!" 
Letto immediately climbed back up again. He pointed his finger at Aria, his face blanched, as if he was seeing a ghost! No, he indeed saw a ghost! How could she move when she was already dead?! 
"She... sh- she moved! I swear she moved her head!" 
Thankfully, they were deep into the mountain, thus no one would be able to hear his shrill screams. But attracting a monster that was still not in its hibernation yet would be a problem for them. 
Dexter frowned, but he didn’t seem surprised when he heard this. This time, he jumped down himself into the pit to check on Aria. 
"Master, be careful! I think she has turned into a ghoul!" It was nonsense, only a monster would turn into a ghoul, but he was indeed not in his right mind at this moment. 
However, Dexter didn’t heed his warning, as he lifted Aria’s hair and looked at her blank expression. "I was right when I said you have a good constitution. You shouldn’t have woken up until a week after your death," he chuckled to himself. "You should thank me later because I looked for you sooner." 
Aria blinked her eyes, she didn’t seem to understand what he was talking about, as she stared at her dirty dress. From the looks of it, nothing could catch her attention, until she smelled something intriguing and she whipped her head. 
Her throat constricted when she saw a drop of blood drip from the sorcerer’s palm. He cut himself. She didn’t know that she was this thirsty until she caught this smell. 
"Come here, you don’t need to hold yourself back," Dexter said indulgently, as he brought his bleeding hand close to her lips and let her have a taste of his blood. 
At first, Aria looked confused and alerted, but once her tongue got a taste of it, she used both of her hands to hold Dexter’s hand to her mouth, as she drank his blood. 
The sight of it could make one’s hair stand on end. This woman, who was supposed to be dead, was so greedy and drank fresh blood from the dark sorcerer. 
"Good girl," Dexter cooed at her, as he caressed her head, while snow started to pile up on their shoulders. 
Letto shivered, not out of cold, but out of fear at the sight before his eyes. 
Meanwhile, another group was having a hard time because the snow was piling up on the path that they took, forcing them to stay in the wild until morning came. 
Inside the carriage, Iris was trembling. She felt so cold. Even after Hanna tried to warm her up by using many blankets and lighting up the brazier inside the carriage, she was still unable to make her stop shivering. 
This was the first time for Iris to be out in the open during winter, thus no one could anticipate her endurance to go through this harsh weather.
###Chapter 205: PRETEND YOU DIDN’T KNOW
Chapter 205: PRETEND YOU DIDN’T KNOW
Hanna took off her cloak because it was very warm inside the carriage, but Iris was still trembling, despite her body being engulfed in several layers of blankets. Her teeth clattered nonstop while her face was unusually red. 
"Should I add more blankets?" Hanna asked with concern. The lizard curled its small body on top of Iris, but she still couldn’t ward off the coldness that she felt. 
"It’s okay... I will be fine. My body is still adjusting to this." This was the first time for Iris to be out in the open during winter. Usually, she would be well hidden inside her warm bedroom, sleeping close to the fireplace.
Therefore, her body was trying to adjust to the extreme cold. Not to mention the cold wind that constantly seeped into the carriage. Iris was really miserable during this journey and there was nothing Hanna could do. 
As shifters, they were born with hot blood coursing through their veins, thus their endurance in this extreme weather could be said to be so great, but for a runt like Iris, who would often fall sick, a long journey during winter was nothing but torture. 
"I- I will get more blankets," Hanna decided, as she walked out of the carriage. 
Iris grimaced when Hanna opened the door and more wind entered the carriage, causing her to tremble even more. She needed to press her tongue to the roof of her mouth, because she was afraid she would bite it coincidentally, as she couldn’t stop her teeth from clattering. 
At this point, her consciousness constantly drifted on and off, as she hugged herself and focused on the fire of the brazier inside this carriage. Thankfully, this carriage was spacious enough, because knowing her condition and the harsh weather, she would be forced to spend her time inside, not to mention her weak body, thus they really needed to pay extra attention to the carriage. 
But, all of that effort was proven to be inefficient, because Iris still ended up in this condition. 
Between her dizzy spells, Iris felt like she was having a dream, a long dream about the time she was still eight, an event that she had buried deep in her mind. 
She was standing in front of a man, naked, while he stared at her hungrily, devouring her body with his eyes. She believed this man was one of those filthy Alphas’ sons. The Southern Alphas frequented this pack to enjoy the parties Gerald threw and oftentimes, they would bring their sons as well. 
This young man was around the same age as Mason or maybe a few years older than him, probably eighteen to twenty years old, but Iris didn’t remember what happened after that. Her memory was cut short before he fiddled with her curls and whispered. "Sst, don’t tell anyone." 
That was it, Iris couldn’t remember further from that point, as if she held herself back from trying to remember more. 
And then it was another dream with the empty hall and the five swords, but it was also cut short after she tried to take one of the swords. 
She opened her eyes and felt so warm, as someone hugged her so tight. This was even warmer than being covered by a few layers of blankets, as his body heat helped her to adjust to the harsh cold weather. 
The way he cuddled her was very comfortable, which made Iris close her eyes again without looking at who was the person that had held her so tightly and protectively like this. 
And the next time she woke up, she could feel the soft light of the sun on her face while the carriage was moving. 
"Hanna?" Iris called with a hoarse voice, as she tried to push herself from the bed that she had been lying in for a long time. She rubbed her eyes with the backs of her hands and lifted her head to see Hanna’s smiling face. She was talking too fast and her mind was not yet ready to read anything, thus she didn’t know what she was talking about. 
"Miss! Finally, you woke up!" Hanna was so excited, her voice could be heard by the warriors out there, and they too knew Iris had finally woken up now. "You worried me so much!" She went to hug Iris before quickly letting her go only to ask a few questions. "Do you want to eat? You must be very hungry! Oh, drink this first, you must be thirsty!" 
Hanna rambled about a few things that Iris couldn’t quite catch, but she saw her grab a waterskin from near the brazier, so the water was warm and not frozen. 
"Here, drink this first, I will reheat the meat!" She said excitedly, as she handed the waterskin to Iris and rummaged through a small box, from inside of which she pulled out a huge chunk of meat. She put it on the brazier, and within a few minutes, a delicious aroma wafted inside the carriage, which made Iris feel so hungry. 
She didn’t realize how hungry she was until now. Her mouth was watering. 
"You know, you have been sleeping for two days straight and if you still did not wake up today, the Alpha said we will stay the night in a nearby pack and look for a healer for you." 
Iris blinked her eyes, before Hanna’s words finally registered in her mind. "Two days?" 
"Yes, you slept throughout two whole days and I have been feeding you with honey and warm water to keep you hydrated." Hanna then leaned her body over, and then lowered her voice, as if she didn’t want a certain someone to hear this. "The Alpha has been coming over and warming up your body every night." 
With the Alpha’s blood coursing through his veins, of course, Cane’s body temperature was slightly higher than the rest and it helped him to raise her body temperature as well, helping her to adjust to her environment better. 
"But, you need to pretend that you don’t know about this, the Alpha said not to mention anything about it." 
Iris grimaced. Hanna shouldn’t have told her in the first place if that was the case...
###Chapter 206: THE DISTANCE BETWEEN THEM
Chapter 206: THE DISTANCE BETWEEN THEM
Cane had stayed with Iris for two whole nights because she was sleeping, barely conscious due to the extreme weather. The few instances where she came to her senses was when she wanted water, but then she would fall asleep again. Probably, she didn’t even remember that. 
Therefore, Iris didn’t have any idea what Cane had done for her, though she could vaguely recall between her dreams how someone had held her tightly and how that made her feel comfortable. 
"But, you need to pretend you didn’t know about this, the Alpha said to not mention anything about it," Hanna said surreptitiously. The Alpha was wrong if he thought she would keep a secret from her missy. 
"You shouldn’t have let me know," Iris grimaced, now she would have a hard time undoing what she had learned. 
"I still don’t like him," Hanna said truthfully, this time she only mouthed the words, because she was afraid someone would hear her. "Even though I can see how he was trying to be nice to you, he is very cold and unfeeling." 
Iris couldn’t say anything about that, because she knew that Cane would always be that unfeeling man. He didn’t show any emotions even after the execution of his own mistress.
The execution itself had sent an underlying message to the pack members that Cane would always stand for justice and would punish anyone according to their crime, even his mistress was not an exception. This would make the pack members aware of what kind of the Alpha that they followed. 
Meanwhile, it would take twenty days before they could reach the capital city, which meant they still had a long way to go, especially in this bad weather, which could take longer. 
However, after Iris had regained her consciousness and looked better, as she could adjust to the drastic drop of the temperature, Cane had never come to visit the carriage again and she spent her time inside the carriage with Hanna, who would tell her story after story to keep her from feeling boredom. 
Sometimes, Hanna would leave her alone inside the carriage to get some things, yet she seemed to take her time to stretch out her legs, because it would take her more than an hour every time before she returned. 
On the fifteenth day, Iris was completely bored, Hanna’s stories couldn’t keep her entertained anymore and she looked exhausted all day. 
"I want to take a walk out there... " Iris said, as she stared at the scene outside through the small carriage window. 
They were crossing a flower garden that had now frozen over, so the entire ground looked white. 
"You want to take a walk? Let’s do it when we take a break at lunch time." 
"Can I?" It didn’t cross Iris’ mind that she was allowed to roam around. 
"Yes, but are you okay? Can you take it?" 
Iris nodded earnestly. She felt a little bit better now, after the adjustment, probably this was the healthiest she had ever been. After all, she had never been in the open during winter, let alone taking walks in the snow, thus she was very excited. 
"But, if you feel any discomfort or can’t take it, you need to tell me right away, okay?" Hanna didn’t want her to fall sick again. 
"Okay." 
Iris waited for lunch time expectantly and after she polished off her food quickly, Hanna helped her out of the carriage and she finally saw how vast the land was, while everything was covered in snow. 
"It’s a clear day! There is not much snow here!" Hanna explained to Iris with a big smile on her face and then laughed when she saw how the snow ate up her legs. 
The snow reached her ankles, though Hanna said the snow was not much. 
The texture was not as soft as Iris thought, but it was indeed very cold, thus she put on her gloves again, as she tried to move, but just after taking a few steps, she was already out of breath. 
"You really need to exercise more," Ethan said, he came over after he laughed his head off when he saw Iris fell on her butt because she lost her balance. 
Iris threw him a look and felt jealous because this gamma could walk so easily in this thick snow. 
"Come here, I want to show you something," Ethan said, as he waved at Iris to come over. "Hurry," he teased because Iris couldn’t walk fast enough. 
"I am trying, I am trying," Iris said begrudgingly. She felt her body a little bit warm because she moved too much. 
Where did he want to take her when all they could see was this vast land that was covered with snow. Ethan even walked further away from the group. 
"Where are you going to take her?" Redmond came over as well when he saw Ethan would take Iris somewhere. 
"You don’t need to come, I didn’t invite you." 
"Who said I need an invitation?" Redmond retorted. 
Hanna could only grimace at the sight of the two of them starting bickering again. If they were not on the verge of punching each other’s faces, they would be on each other’s nerves. It was a miracle they could be in the same group and were still alive. 
However, Iris had long gotten used to their attitude and somehow, she found this refreshing and entertaining. Usually, it would be Will, who would keep the two of them in check. And so, she started to look around for the warrior, but apparently, he was busy with something else. 
Iris even caught sight of Hanna, who was stealing a glance at Will every now and then. 
Yet, what caught her attention the most was the person that Will was talking to. In the distance, Iris could see the Alpha talking about something with his warrior. She could feel his eyes on her, but for some reason, when she looked back, he wasn’t looking her way. 
Probably, she was just imagining things... it had been so long since the last time they talked to each other and the distance only became more apparent...
###Chapter 207: BICKERING
Chapter 207: BICKERING
Cane watched how Iris swaddled her way through the thick snow. Hanna indeed had done her job thoroughly, because right now, his mate looked like she was having a hard time not only because of the snow, but also the few layers of cloaks that were put on her tiny body. 
From afar, she looked like a pile of walking blankets. Her auburn hair was well hidden under the hoodie and the shawl. 
"I think Hanna overdid it..." Will grimaced when he followed Cane’s line of sight and found what he was looking at. "Where are they going? Is it okay to let them roam around?" He frowned when he saw Redmond and Ethan started bickering again. 
Cane and a few warriors had scoured this area before their lunch and were pretty sure this place was only a vast land and there was nothing dangerous out there, thus he didn’t stop them, after all there were both Ethan and Redmond with her. 
"Should I ask them to come back?" Will asked Cane. 
However, the Alpha rejected the idea curtly. "No. Continue," he said, asking for Will to continue with his report before Cane got distracted by his mate again. 
"Mal and Lex managed to spread rumors about dark magic in the Riverside pack and now all the shifters are aware of its existence. People in the capital started to demand the King to investigate further about the truth behind it, but the royals are still not budging." 
It was not strong enough to shake the King’s confidence, as he remained silent, as if there was nothing major happening. 
"The rumors about the lycan are also being mentioned," Will said carefully. He looked at Cane uncomfortably. 
"Good. Tell the two of them to continue." 
"Are you sure it will be fine to spread the rumors about the lycan?" Will was very worried because Cane was treading a dangerous ground by exposing the rumors about the lycan. He exposed himself by letting people know about the cursed shifter’s existence. 
"Many people had already seen it," Cane stated the truth. 
"Those are our people. I don’t think they would speak about it recklessly if we said it would endanger our pack." 
"Do you think the King’s spy will not let him know about it?" This uncovered spy of the King still vexed Cane because even until now, they didn’t know who it was. 
One more day their identity was still uncovered, it would be another day they would sit on edge. Jace had a lot of homework this time. 
On another note, Cane would rather have the rumors come from him, than the King, because he could control the information that the people got. If this came from King Aeon, the end result would be something that would put him at a greater disadvantage. 
At the very least, the king couldn’t accuse him of hiding the existence of the lycan and pin his suspicions on him, because even now, people still believed the lycan was still in the Goffa mountain, though the searching party had been withdrawn. 
"Send Leros ahead and ask him to scour the capital city." Cane then gave him a few more orders before Will left. After that, the Alpha could see his mate squatting down on the snow covered ground, staring at something, but he couldn’t see her expression from this distance. 
"Alpha, can I go with Leros ahead to the capital city?" Aderan approached Cane after he heard the new order from the Alpha for Leros. 
There were six spies that used to work for his father, but right now they pledged their loyalty to Cane; they were; Arthur, Clad, Leros, Nexus, Mal and Lex. 
While Nexus was in the Celestial Moon pack, Arthur had stayed in their pack to help Jace. Mal and Lex were out there to spread the rumors, thus it left Clad and Leros to join this small group. 
"No," Cane replied curtly. "We will be there in a week." 
It wouldn’t do any good if people from the palace spotted him in the capital city, since they knew Aderan was his personal guard. As for Leros, not many people knew about him and probably the King himself didn’t know about his existence and couldn’t track him back to Cane. 
Hearing the rejection, Aderan lowered his head and looked a little bit gloomy. He simply wanted to rush to the capital city because he wanted to be close to the queen, but then without entering the palace, he would have little to no chance to see her. 
Therefore, it was only his impulsive request to go with Leros. 
"Okay," Aderan replied in a defeated tone and then busied himself with what he was doing earlier. 
Meanwhile, Cane stared at his mate in the distance, but then he decided to check on another thing instead of knowing what Ethan showed her that piqued her interest. 
Actually, it was not something extravagant, it was only a little flower that bloomed in the crack of a stone. This little flower was in the color of white and currently, Ethan and Redmond had been bickering about what flower was that. 
"It’s a white lily," Redmond said. 
"Hell no! Do you even know about flowers?!" Ethan retorted. 
"So, what are you? A flower boy!?" 
"Hey, hey, enough... why are you fighting over this?" Hanna was trying to calm them both, but now they directed their attention toward her. 
"You are a woman," Redmond stated something that was very obvious. "Tell me, what flower is that!?" He pointed his finger at the flower. 
Hanna widened her eyes innocently, despite being a woman, she knew nothing about flowers. "I don’t know..." 
"How come you don’t know? Are you even a woman?" And there Redmond was, once again showcasing his poor choice of words. 
"Hey! It has nothing to do with her being a woman!" Ethan shouted at him. "You don’t even know how to fight despite being a man!" 
"I am going to kill you!" 
"Come here! I have been itching to beat someone up!" 
Hanna was speechless to see the two of them being like this, thankfully, Iris couldn’t hear the commotion behind her.
###Chapter 208: CAPITAL CITY
Chapter 208: CAPITAL CITY
"Master, until when will you feed her with your blood?" Letto asked gingerly, as he saw that his master’s hand was bleeding again. 
If it was not herbs, he would feed his blood to the woman, until her eyes turned red and her cheeks looked a little bit ruddier. 
Dexter only glanced at the young boy, but he didn’t answer his question. Until when he would feed Aria his own blood? Of course, for as long as it was necessary. 
Letto glanced at the woman on the bed. Ever since they brought her from the mountain, she did nothing, but lie down on the bed. She said nothing and just stared at the wall. Letto was not sure whether she knew where she was or what had happened to her before this. 
"Master, the rumors about the dark magic user have spread in this pack, what should we do now?" Letto asked him with concern. 
He had been following Dexter ever since he was just five, thus he knew everything about his dark magic, but he was not sure about the relationship between the sorcerer and Alpha Gill, the Alpha of the Riverside pack. 
"We didn’t need to do anything," Dexter replied, as he stepped out of his rickety hut. Letto followed closely behind him with a cloak for him. 
Tonight was so cold, but it did not snow. 
"Why? What if people know about your power? What if they come here and demand to execute you?" Letto was fearful of the fact that it would come out and knowing the sentiment of the people about the dark magic, they would do anything to get rid of Dexter.
"The rumors didn’t mention anything about me," Dexter stated the fact. 
"That’s true... but..." Letto wanted to retort, but Dexter already waved his hand, indicating for him to go inside the hut because someone was coming. 
The young boy followed the instruction and stayed inside the hut, as he peeked through the window to see it was actually Alpha Gill. He had personally come to pay the sorcerer a visit in the middle of the night. From the looks of it, the two of them were having an argument, but Dexter managed to get what he wanted, leaving the Alpha vexed. 
The meeting didn’t last for long because after that, Alpha Gill shifted into his dark grey wolf and left the hut. 
But even so, Dexter stayed in his position for hours, staring at the gloomy sky. 
=============================== 
On the twenty- second day, Cane and the others finally arrived in the capital city. It was Vemion, the fourth prince from the third concubine, who greeted them at the gates and accepted them instead of the royal family. 
He was a prince born to the third concubine of the King, who hailed from the Red Claw pack. Her father was the Beta of the pack and this marriage had been to strengthen the relations between the richest pack in this continent and the royal family. 
Of course, even though he was not the Crown Prince, nor the most favorite prince, he held a considerably large amount of power in the court because of the influence of his maternal grandfather. 
He was a young man, around twenty seven years old, with brown hair and eyes that looked brilliant. He looked harmless, but one shouldn’t put their guard down just because he appeared smiling brightly and warmly. 
"Alpha Cane, it has been a long time since I saw you," Vemion said cheerfully, as he smiled when Cane bowed to him slightly. In terms of ranking, Cane should be on the same level as him, but because his mother forfeited her title as the princess, in order to escape the bloody power struggle and be with her mate, Cane couldn’t confer the title as a prince, even though his name would be part of the royal family. 
"It has been a long time," Cane replied, he went with the flow. 
Truthfully speaking, the two of them had never met with each other before this, thus it was very clear the greeting was only for a show and Cane was not that petty to nitpick at that fact. 
Cane then went to the carriage to help Iris get down from it. This could be the first interaction between them after such a long journey. 
The Alpha held Iris’ hand and took her with him to greet the Prince. 
"It is an honor to meet you, Prince Vemion," Iris said softly, as she bent her body perfectly to give her greeting. She looked radiant in her dark purple dress that Hanna chose for her. It was the same color as the cloak that Cane wore. It was the color of the royal family. 
"The honor is mine, Luna Iris," Vemion replied respectfully. He heard about the peculiar color of Iris’ hair and her blue eyes, but only after seeing her in person, did he understand why they made a fuss over it. She looked outstanding and beautiful, especially when the bright light of the sun fell on her curly auburn hair. 
Behind Vemion, it was his pregnant mate, a young woman in her mid twenties. She stood next to the carriage. Only when Iris and Cane walked over to change the carriages, did she approach them and greet them. 
Vemion placed his hand behind Laluna’s back, she was his destined mate, hailed from the Red Claw pack as well. 
"My apologies for not greeting you sooner," Laluna said softly, as she placed her hand on her bulging stomach. 
"You don’t need to trouble yourself, Princess Laluna," Iris replied. She knew a few words of courtesy for this kind of exchange, because usually, it would be women, who would make the situation less awkward, glossing over the sternness between the men. "How long are you?" 
"Seven months," Laluna replied, her eyes lit up with excitement. 
Seven months... 
Cane’s eyes hooded at Laluna’s stomach, his eyes lingered a little bit longer on that part of her body. Leane was eight months pregnant when she was killed and Gerald ripped their son out of her stomach.
###Chapter 209: ROYAL FAMILY
Chapter 209: ROYAL FAMILY
Iris could see how Cane stole glances at Laluna’s stomach a few times before he stopped himself and focused on his conversation with Vemion, as the Prince asked him trivial and boring questions about their journey to the capital city and how the King had prepared for the ceremony. 
They didn’t talk about Ethan’s punishment, but it was more likely because it was not Vemion’s place to state anything about it. 
From the main gates to the palace, it took an hour by the carriage. This entourage caught the attention of the people. They were surprised to see the banner of the Howling Wolf pack beside the royal banner. 
It had been so long since the last time they saw the Howling Wolf pack’s banner and finally they could say the rumors about this pack were true that the young alpha had taken back his own pack from the hands of the Blue Moon pack’s alpha. 
However, they were still curious about his luna, because based on what they heard, it was Alpha Gerald’s daughter who became the Luna of that pack. 
Yet, since they wouldn’t have a way to sneak a peek inside the royal carriage, thus they could only look at the entourage from afar and gossip with each other. This added to the new stories about the dark magic user that appeared in the Riverside pack, and the tavern became so lively. 
Once they arrived at the palace, the men came out first before helping their mates to get down from the carriage. 
Iris came out last and accepted Cane’s hand to help herself get down. She stole a peek at him, but his focus was on her feet. He didn’t look at her at all. 
"CAPTURE HIM!" 
There was a sudden cry from behind Cane and this made the Alpha turn around. He saw the Crown Prince bring a dozen royal warriors as he issued an order to capture Ethan. He was seething, but his eyes lit up with excitement. 
He had been waiting for so long for this moment, but Cane neglected the decree and only came to the capital now. 
On the other hand, the fifteen warriors from the Howling Wolf pack immediately encircled their gamma and took a fighting stance against the royal warriors that wanted to take Ethan away. 
"WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!? CAPTURE HIM! DRAG HIM TO THE DUNGEON!" Alan shouted impatiently, his face turned red because of it. 
"Is this how you greet your guests?" Cane looked at the fourth prince. Because the task to greet the guests fell on Vemion, thus all of Cane’s pack members were part of his responsibility. 
Vemion looked awry, but in the end, he interjected Alan’s order. He used his own warriors to step in the middle of both parties. 
"What do you mean by this?!" Alan threw a dagger look at Vemion, when he saw his advances were being interfered with. 
"Brother, why don’t we let the guests enter the palace and meet with Father first?" Vemion asked in a gentle tone. 
"SHUT UP!" Alan was furious to hear such ridiculous advice. Meanwhile, his own advisor, Corry, panted to reach him. He was out of breath, when he finally stood by the Crown Prince’s side. 
"Is this an order from the king?" Cane asked Corry instead. He didn’t engage in a conversation with Alan at all, nor did he spare him a glance. 
"Pardon us for this ruckus, Alpha Cane," Corry said, but Alan had cut him off. 
"Damn you! How can you ask for forgiveness from him!?" He kicked the old advisor, until he was sent sprawling on the floor. He immediately stood back up, but his face turned red because of the humiliation. 
"CAPTURE HIM!" Alan shouted his order and this time, his warriors stepped forward, determined to get Ethan. 
Yet, to their surprise, Cane, who looked so calm and still talked politely a moment ago, issued an order as well. 
"SHIFT!" 
With his command, the fifteen warriors shifted into their beasts, and they were ready to engage in a battle. 
However, everyone knew it was a taboo to have a fight right in front of the King’s palace. It was bad luck if they spilt blood in a brawl, a form of disrespect toward their sovereign. 
Alarmed, Corry immediately reminded Alan about this, as he hastily talked to him in a low voice, because this obstinate crown prince refused to listen to him through mind link. 
Knowing Alan wouldn’t listen to him, he rushed toward Cane. "Alpha Cane, you know it is forbidden to have a fight in front of the King’s palace, you came here for your gamma’s punishment, but if you do this, you will only aggravate the King even further." 
Cane looked at the old advisor, he stared down at him for a few seconds, which left the latter fretting. On the other hand, Vemion chimed in as well. 
"Alpha Cane, let them take your gamma away for a while, or else, the Crown Prince will keep kicking a fuss." 
In other words, they wanted Cane to stand down and watch silently when they took his gamma away. Heavens only knew what Alan would do to Ethan once he fell into his hands, even if it was only for an hour. 
"If a fight is what the Crown Prince wants, then a fight is what he will get," Cane said simply. "The decree said my gamma will be questioned for what happened and that’s exactly why I am here. How can the Crown Prince neglect the King’s wishes to question my gamma and take him away without the permission from the King himself? As far as I remember, the decree was issued by the King, not the Crown Prince, am I right? My people and I came here because of the orders from the King." 
Corry felt like his head was going to explode when Cane dragged the King into the conversation. He couldn’t talk about the Sovereign so easily, but the Alpha mentioned the King so casually. 
"Is this how the King greets his nephew?" Cane added more, reminding them that he was a part of the royal family as well.
###Chapter 210: UNEXPECTED PEOPLE
Chapter 210: UNEXPECTED PEOPLE
Cane’s mother, Crystal, was born to the late queen, while Aeon was born to the first concubine. By the time his mother was born, Aeon had already been appointed as the Crown Prince and by the time the power struggle for the throne started, Crystal had been mated to Josh, the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack. 
In order not to be dragged into that bloody battle, Crystal firmed her status as the Luna of the Howling Wolf pack and expressed she had no interest in the throne. She had never wanted it in the first place after all. 
Therefore, Crystal, Randy and Osana, Aeon’s little sister, were the only children from the late King that managed to survive during the power battle in the palace. 
Supposedly, if Cane’s mother wanted to take the throne, she had every right to get it, because she was the legitimate princess, the only child that was born from the Queen. 
"Is this how the King greets his nephew?" Cane added more, reminding them that he was a part of the royal family as well. 
Only then did they realize this fact. Since Crystal always lied low while Cane never tried to get close to the throne, it was easy to forget about the relationship between the King and the current alpha of the Howling Wolf pack. 
But, still there were some people who would deny even that fact... 
"Don’t claim kinship so easily! Who do you think you are!?" Alan barked out. "What are you waiting for!? Attack them! Drag that mutt to my feet!" 
The dozen royal warriors that were brought by the Crown Prince shifted into their beasts, so did the royal warriors under the command of prince Vemion, because they were ordered to prevent the fight between the two parties. 
The situation was heated and Corry became even more nervous to see how things escalated pretty quickly. None of them would stand down. 
At this point, Cane pulled Iris behind his body, just in case the fight reached them, while Vemion did the same to his pregnant mate. 
"GUARDS! CALL MORE GUARDS HERE!" Vemion hollered, he needed to calm the situation. Since Cane and his people fell under his responsibility, he couldn’t let Alan harm them. "Brother! Call back your warriors! You must not disrespect Father’s orders and fight in front of his palace!" 
Iris clutched Cane’s shirt, she was afraid to see how vicious these beasts were, as they snarled at each other, waiting for a cue to attack. 
Alan’s warriors were outnumbered because Cane’s people were helped by Vemion’s, but still, they couldn’t afford to go through with the fight if they could help it. The end result wouldn’t be good for Cane. 
"How dare you to tell me what to do!" Alan hollered, he blew his top because of Vemion’s suggestion. 
And when all the people there thought the situation wouldn’t be able to be salvaged anymore, because all the warriors were already in their beasts, in a fighting stance at that, an even more powerful roar echoed in this front yard. 
"ENOUGH!" 
Everyone turned their attention toward the source of that powerful voice, which held so much authority and found a woman in her late fifties walking toward the commotion. She was not alone, there was a young man by her side, which caught everyone’s attention because of the exquisite red cloak that he was wearing.
"Princess Osana," Cane greeted the woman before everyone could regain their composure. He was then followed by prince Vemion and his mate, while Iris was still shielded behind her mate. 
Cane’s sharp eyes fixed on the man in the red cloak, as his face hardened, but it was impossible to know what was in his mind right now. 
At the same time, it seemed the Alpha had not yet realized how overprotective he was about his mate, as he kept Iris behind his back. The situation was still heated at this moment, not to mention the appearance of that man. 
"Aunt Osana," Alan greeted her begrudgingly, but he didn’t dare to raise his head and look her in the eyes. 
Osana was no longer young anymore, but she was still a regal beauty. The powerful aura emanated from her was enough to suppress Alan’s arrogance. 
"Shift!" Osana said firmly and all the royal warriors shifted back into their human form, while Cane’s warriors stayed in their beast form, because they didn’t receive an order from the alpha. "Cane, I wish for your men to behave." Her eyes fell on Cane. She didn’t look happy because the warriors that he brought were still in their beast form. 
"Shift," Cane said casually. He loosened his grip on Iris and finally let her greet Osana. 
When Iris’ blue eyes fell on the man beside princess Osana, she was dumbstruck, while the man grinned at her happily, he even waved subtly at her, which went unnoticed by the princess. 
"So, you are Gerald’s daughter?" Osana’s dark eyes looked at Iris intensely. 
"Yes," Iris replied, slightly uncomfortable because she was reminded of that fact again. She retracted her attention from the man and focused on the Princess now. 
"I heard you are deaf." She furrowed her brows because Iris replied to her question. 
"I can read lips, Princess." 
Princess Osana regarded her for a moment before she turned to the man by her side and apologized for the commotion. 
"Lou, my apologies for the commotion, I hope you won’t see this as a bad thing," Princess Osana said in a gentle and respectful tone. 
Yes, the man was Lou, the merchant that Cane and the others met in the black market. What was he doing here? That was the first question that ran through their minds when they saw him walk beside Princess Osana. 
"Don’t be so polite, Princess. Sometime, children will fight with each other," Lou said casually, demeaning everyone present there, but his eyes were fixed on Iris. "I heard there will be a ceremony for the new alpha and luna of the Howling Wolf pack." 
Cane said nothing, he just observed the situation, while Alan was fuming mad.
###Chapter 211: CALLED THE KING OUT
Chapter 211: CALLED THE KING OUT
The situation in the front yard was easily resolved after Princess Osana managed to tame the Crown Prince. From what rumors said, Alan was even more respectful toward his father’s little sister than the King himself. 
He was afraid of her because Princess Osana could be quite unpredictable. 
However, what became Cane’s main focus was not the appearance of Princess Osana herself, but the fact that Lou was in the palace as well. 
How could that merchant wriggle his way into the royal family outside of the black market? Him coming here could just be a coincidence? The merchant pretended it was the first time he met with Cane and the rest, but his eyes were gleefully fixed on Iris, making the girl uncomfortable, as she walked close to her mate. 
On the other hand, only Ethan was allowed to follow them into the main hall, to meet with the King, but because of the crime that he had allegedly committed, he was flanked by two guards. 
Meanwhile, the rest of Cane’s people were escorted to their respective rooms. 
Iris glanced at Ethan a few times, but the Gamma didn’t even show a shred of fear. He was at peace and even hummed a song while mumbling some lyrics here and there. It seemed he had come to terms that he wouldn’t make it back to their pack, or even to the ceremony. 
Actually, Iris wanted to ask Cane about this and what his plan was, whether he would save his gamma or he would accept the verdict without a fight. However, even though they were together on their journey to the capital city, they didn’t exchange a word during that time. 
And right now, it was not the right time for her to mention anything about it. 
The palace was a very different place from the two pack houses that she lived in. This was way more grandiose and regal, as if every inch of it held power that you could never imagine. This place demanded respect, honor and reverence. How could a place hold so much importance... 
Iris was in awe, but the magnificent place didn’t seem to affect Cane and his gamma, as they treated this place so casually, especially the Alpha, he walked into the main hall, as if he owned this place. 
Even though he bowed his head toward the King, it didn’t make him any lower than the sovereign. He knew how to carry himself with dignity, even when the situation was not in his favor and the odds were against him. 
Only when they were in front of the King, did Cane let go of Iris’ hand that he had been holding. 
Meanwhile, Princess Osana went to sit on the King’s left side, leaving Lou standing next to Cane. Laluna stood next to Iris when Vemion walked up to the King, telling him that he had arranged the accommodation for everyone in Cane’s party and the preparations for the ceremony were almost done. 
As for Ethan, he was standing a few steps away from the King, with two guards by his side. He was forced to kneel, as one of the guards held his neck and pressed his head down. He hated to bow like this, but he kept his temper in check, because his outburst would only put his alpha at a disadvantage. Once again. 
"I thought you will never come and straightaway ignore my decree," king Aeon said lightly, he was a little bit petty after being made to wait for several weeks. How dare a new alpha treat him like that? 
However, Cane was neither servile nor overbearing. He did not lower himself by playing down the King’s sarcastic remark. 
"There are a few important things that I need to take care of and that took longer than I expected," Cane replied politely. He could feel Lou’s eyes on him, as he stared at him with interest. His interest was obviously in what business that held him back. 
"Is it more important than my decree?" The King scoffed. Alan was about to chime in, but he swallowed his words when he saw Princess Osana glare at him, shutting his complaint down with her eyes. 
"Yes," Cane replied truthfully, which caused a round of gasps from everyone present there. 
Aside from them, there were the King’s own advisor and five men, who were the King’s right hand men, also the Royal Beta, who was sitting on the King’s right side. 
Cane’s reply was so bold as it was a little bit inappropriate to say there was something more important than your sovereign, as the King’s word was above anything else. 
"What’s more important than a decree from the King!?" King Aeon slammed his hand against his armrest, anger emitted from his whole being, which made the room fall into a dead silence, one could even hear a drop of a needle inside this main hall. 
Iris jolted when she felt the rush of enmity and she felt afraid for Cane’s sake, yet the Alpha didn’t even flinch when he faced the wrath of the King. His voice was so calm when he replied. 
"The Riverside pack has been hosting a sorcerer that wields dark magic. A few weeks ago, a lycan was spotted in the Goffa mountain," Cane answered smoothly, bringing up the lycan first to deflect the suspicion toward him. 
Another gasp could be heard inside the main hall, as they looked at him in disbelief. 
Of course, they heard those rumors, but because the King had been ignoring the news, they didn’t have any other choice, but to never mention anything about this. 
However, Cane came and talked about it straight to the King’s face. At this point, how could King Aeon avoid the topic? 
Seeing how King Aeon couldn’t find a word to refute him, Cane took this opportunity to press this matter further. 
"My King, you are wise and fair. I have punished the people that touched dark magic, isn’t it only right to call Alpha Gill from the Riverside pack to question the activities of dark magic in his pack? I heard many rumors about it on my way here."
###Chapter 212: THE ALPHA FEIGNED IGNORANCE
Chapter 212: THE ALPHA FEIGNED IGNORANCE
King Aeon had purposefully neglected the issue with the dark magic, though the rumors about it had spread across the continent and this sent a wave of fear among the people. He simply pretended it didn’t happen, which was expected of him, since Cane had his own suspicions that the King was behind it all. 
There was no way Alpha Gill dared to act so boldly until he fostered a dark sorcerer without a common goal between them. 
Alpha Gill’s aspiration was not that high and he didn’t have any ambition that included dark magic and put his whole pack in jeopardy by engaging in such taboo things. 
However, it was a different matter completely if you take the King into consideration. 
"My King, you are wise and fair. I have punished the people that touched dark magic. Isn’t it only right to call Alpha Gill from Riverside to question the activities of dark magic in his pack? I heard many rumors about it on my way here." 
He mentioned the execution of Aria callously, as if it was nothing. He looked straight into the King’s eyes and saw how those eyes flickered at the mention of the people that he had punished. 
His guess was right after all, the spy that he planted in his pack had sent a word about it to him. The only thing that was left was to figure out who that person was. 
It vexed Cane to no end to foster an enemy spy and he didn’t have enough time to look into the matter thoroughly, because he needed to be away from the pack often. 
"May the King hear the voice of his subjects and uphold justice," Cane spoke so smoothly, outsiders might think he was very concerned about the furor of the public upon hearing about black magic, but the truth was; he was going to downplay the matter about Ethan’s offense against the Crown Prince. 
However, Cane didn’t stop there. He dared to go a bit more overboard now, because the King was still able to stay calm. He wanted to make a ripple in the calm waters. 
After all, the Alpha came here not to hand his gamma over, but to cause trouble for the King. 
"If the rumors are left to spread without any response from the King, I am afraid people from the Holy Kingdom will hear about it." 
"Presumptuous!" King Aeon slammed his hand against the armrest again impatiently, as he stood up in anger. 
Anything about the Holy Kingdom was a sour spot for the King, because he had tried to put boundaries against them for years. He kept them at arm’s length because they could interfere with his reign. 
If the rumors about the black magic user in his continent reached their ears, it could make them come and do an investigation, which would only give him additional headache and trouble. More so, the last thing that he wanted was having people from the Holy Kingdom come dig deeper into the appearance of dark magic. 
Cane knew about that. He waited for all of this information to come to him to deal with the King the best way, so he could get his gamma out of the death sentence, which most likely would hover above his head, knowing how the Crown Prince held a grudge so well. 
"I just stated the facts, My King, pardon me for my boldness, but I am very concerned about the rumors that have been spreading around." Cane lowered his head and acted docile. 
On the other hand, as Lou watched everything unfold, his eyes grew interested in Cane and he was curious what the end goal of the Alpha was, yet he didn’t forget about the existence of Iris as well. This pair of alpha and luna piqued his curiosity now. 
Hunkered down behind them, Ethan was very quiet as he listened to the exchange between the Alpha and the King. He seemed to know what Cane was up to and his smile disappeared. He no longer looked as carefree as before, as his whole demeanor became stout. 
"You don’t need to concern yourself about the state of this kingdom," King Aeon said begrudgingly. He looked so haughty, as he tried to regain his composure. "I summoned you here to question the actions of your gamma!" The King countered Cane with the main reason he was here. He wanted to divert everyone’s attention from the dark magic user. 
Enmity flashed in Cane’s eyes for a few seconds, but when he raised his head again, it vanished, as his expression returned to his usual calm one; unable to read. 
Beside the King, Alan smirked smugly, he had been waiting for this moment. 
"An action of harm to the royal family can be counted as treason!" King Aeon’s voice boomed inside the main hall, he took the momentum to shift people’s attention from dark magic, because he knew his council would start pestering him about this issue, now that Cane had brought it up in front of them. 
"I want his head on the spike!" Alan roared heatedly, as he stood up from his seat. "I almost died because of him!" 
Iris became restless when she read what they said and glanced at Ethan behind her, but she couldn’t gauge his expression. He still had his head down as the guard continued forcing him to bow. 
Meanwhile, Cane looked as calm as before, the accusation didn’t ruffle him at all and for the first time in her life, Iris really wished that she could read his mind and what he was thinking to get Ethan out of this mess. 
"May I know what my gamma has done wrong?" Cane asked innocently, as if he didn’t understand why Ethan was being punished, despite knowing the whole story. 
"You are still asking!?" Alan was furious now to see how Cane feigned ignorance and wasted everyone’s time by asking that stupid question. 
"I am asking because I truly don’t understand," Cane replied and this was the first time for him to acknowledge the existence of the Crown Prince.
###Chapter 213: IN THE MIDDLE OF HEATED ARGUMENT
Chapter 213: IN THE MIDDLE OF HEATED ARGUMENT
Lou really didn’t understand the reason why Cane was playing dumb. It could be said that he was the actual person who fueled the enmity between Cane and Alan further. The two of them were not on good terms to begin with, his interference only muddied the waters further. 
On the other hand, Princess Osana also stayed silent. This was her first encounter with Cane after he grew into the man he was today. The last time she saw him, he was only a boy in his teens. 
"You are still asking!?" Alan was furious. 
"I am asking because I truly don’t understand," Cane replied and this was the first time for him to acknowledge the existence of the Crown Prince. 
"Look! Father!" Alan pointed his finger at Cane, just like a little boy, who liked telling tales about others to his parents. It didn’t please the King at all to see the way he carried himself, yet the Crown Prince couldn’t care less about his image at this moment. "He wanted to deny the crime!" 
"Collect yourself and sit down, Crown Prince!" King Aeon chided, which made Alan calm down a little bit. He sat down immediately. 
The King then directed his eyes at Cane, observing him closely. The last time he lost his chance to get the mines, right now, he would make up for what he lost at that time. "Explain yourself." 
Cane smirked coldly inside. He didn’t expect the King to be so impatient to get to this point. The King was open for persuasion, since there was something that he wanted from Cane and that was why the decree mentioned only punishment for Ethan, not a final verdict of death sentence, because he knew Cane would haggle his way to save his gamma. 
"The Crown Prince has provoked my gamma, which caused him to lose his temper, but no imminent danger befell upon the Crown Prince. It was only a brawl." 
Alan’s jaw dropped, he couldn’t believe the way Cane played with his words until the whole perspective turned upside down! He almost died and Ethan was akin to a monster thirsted for blood! He had been on the verge of dying, but he said it was only a brawl!? 
If Alan was smart enough, he should expect that from Cane. The King downplayed him spending a decade in slavery by saying it was only a bad experience, thus Alan being beaten up to death could also be downplayed to a simple brawl. Unfortunately, he was not that bright. 
"It is exaggerated to punish him, for a mere brawl between two grown ups, with a death sentence. My gamma is still young, thus he has a hot temper." He highlighted the age difference between them. 
"I almost died!" Alan roared angrily, he stood up from his seat again. 
"How can you almost die, Crown Prince?" Cane tilted his head, as if he didn’t understand what he was saying, which annoyed Alan even more. "There were my personal guard and my luna’s personal guard at that time, as well as countless warriors from the Moon Dew pack. You were safe. Your advisor was there as well. He could vouch that they were not alone. A lot of people were there, right Sir Maleen?" 
Corry was startled when he was put in the spotlight, but he couldn’t lie. "Yes, there were many people there, but your gamma beat up the Crown Prince..." 
"They were brawling, of course someone might have gotten beaten up," Cane replied lightly. 
King Aeon finally interjected before his son could humiliate himself even further, because he could see what kind of game that Cane was playing and this stupid son of his played right into his hands. 
Cane intentionally provoked Alan, so he would lose his temper, and the council could see how incompetent the Crown Prince was to carry himself so poorly in such a situation. He failed to remain calm under the pressure. 
"Sit down!" King Aeon growled at Alan, which made him clamp his mouth shut and sit down again, like a petulant child. "So, you admit your gamma has harmed the Crown?" He cut straight to the point, because Alan failed to focus on the main point in this matter. 
Cane was silent for a while before he admitted it. "Yes." He couldn’t deny that if the King put it in that way. 
"Guards! Take gamma Ethan away! I will punish him tomorrow!" That was how it should be done! Alan shouldn’t have been misled into playing Cane’s games or argued with him in the first place! 
King Aeon looked satisfied, but before the guards could take the gamma away, Cane chimed in again. It was apparent Cane was not done yet. 
"What about the insults that the Crown Prince threw at my gamma? Shouldn’t he deserve punishment too, especially after the insult that he threw at me." 
"When did I insult you, you mutt!" Alan roared angrily, but what he said only proved Cane’s point. 
Cane smirked, but he was done provoking the Crown Prince, as he got down to business with the king. "Not only that, Alpha Derick in the north said there is a strange pattern in the monster attacks in his pack and the sorcerer there found out the remnants of the Asturi stem, they said the substance could aggravate the monsters."
King Aeon’s eyes flickered with surprise when he heard that. He didn’t know they managed to find the remnants of the Asturi stem, since he didn’t get any report from his spy about it. 
But, of course, he didn’t get any information about it, because Cane was only bluffing, yet seeing the King’s subtle reaction, he was sure now. 
However, beside him, slightly standing behind, Iris caught something weird coming out of Cane’s hand. A dark wisp came from his palm and if you were not standing close enough, you wouldn’t notice this. 
Iris looked around covertly, but no one seemed to have noticed this, because all of their attention was on the argument between Cane and the King. 
Iris was not sure what that dark wisp was, but she sensed an ominous feeling from it, thus out of instinct, she clasped her hand with his, which made Cane stop talking and look at her.
###Chapter 214: THE END RESULT HAS NOT YET DETERMINED
Chapter 214: THE END RESULT HAS NOT YET DETERMINED
As soon as Cane mentioned the Asturi stem and the monsters in the north, Aeon knew what he was up to. Cane had discovered about what he had done in the north and now he was threatening him slyly. 
At this point, neither Alan nor the King knew the Asturi stem that they were looking for was already in Cane’s hand. 
The King could see the subtle hint that Cane gave him, but Alan, of course, was oblivious to all that. He was too mad because Cane talked about meaningless things. 
"Asturi stem is not a common substance, my men and I have been tracking down the buyers to help Alpha Derick to figure this out." 
The Celestial Moon pack was the only pack in the north and they were engaged in constant battle throughout the years because of the monster waves. Heavens only knew what Alpha Derick would do if he learned and got hold of the evidence that the King had been playing with the lives of his pack members by aggravating the monsters. 
Some people were a little bit confused as to why the topic of the conversation changed so drastically all of a sudden, though it was important to know there was someone who tried something so dirty by using the Asturi stem. 
"Do you think this is a provocation from an outsider?" Kade, one of the King’s right hand men, spoke. He was hailed from the Celestial Moon pack and was a representative in the court, so of course, he was way more vocal than the rest of the King’s right hand men. 
"It can be an outsider," Cane agreed casually and then he looked at the King with a hint of mocking smile in his eyes. "Or it can be an insider." 
Lou, who had been forgotten, stared at Cane. He touched his chin and tried to think about what the Alpha was trying to hint at. 
However, before Cane could continue to speak, he felt Iris hold his hand. She clasped his right hand with both of hers, which surprised him because she had never usually taken the initiative to touch him. 
Cane turned his head, he looked at her questioningly, but her eyes were fixed on their entwined fingers. Her little face looked very serious, which made him frown. What was she doing? 
But, Cane’s attention brought back to the problem at hand when the King finally decided to punish Ethan with a home arrest, instead of directly taking him to the dungeon. He did this to placate Cane, because he intended to have a long conversation with his nephew regarding what he knew about the Asturi stem and how far his investigation had gone. 
No matter what, the King feared the north would rebel. After all, they were the only defense against the vicious monsters. 
Not to mention, King Aeon could see Kade would grill him with this issue and not let it slide like they did with the rumors about dark magic. 
Yet, Alan was furious to hear that. That was not what he expected. "HOUSE ARREST?!" He stood up from his seat again and looked at his father, feeling infuriated. "Father! How can you call yourself a fair king?! You should hold up justice for your son!" 
This time, it was Princess Osana who had enough of the Crown Prince. "Someone come! Take the Crown Prince to his palace! He needs to rest!" 
"No! I want justice! How can you put him under house arrest when that mutt almost killed the Crown Prince of this kingdom!?" 
"How could he kill you when there were a lot of people around you!" Princess Osana countered. "Will you continue to humiliate yourself by saying you can’t handle a one on one fight?!" 
Cane narrowed his eyes at Princess Osana’s reaction, as he calculated her involvement in all of King’s schemes. 
"Aunt!" Alan cried, but seeing the look on Princess Osana’s face, he knew he needed to swallow his complaint. In the end, he still had some dignity left, as he walked out of the main hall by himself. However, when he walked past Cane, he spoke in a vicious tone. "This is not over yet." 
Yet, the Alpha treated him like he would air, he didn’t even spare him a glance, as his eyes turned to the King. There was a tacit understanding between them, as the King tried to gauge how much Cane knew about all of this. 
"There are a few important issues that came up! We will hold a meeting and I wish to see you as well, Alpha Cane!" 
Cane nodded respectfully. 
House arrest. At the very least, Ethan would only get bored for not being able to step out of his bedroom, but it didn’t mean the Gamma’s head was already spared, it was only a temporary solution, the end result was yet to be determined. 
Cane looked at the King and accepted his hateful glare. 
Messing up the already bad relationship between the King and the north was the step that Cane took, as he would only sow more discord between them. 
This time, Princess Osana stepped forward and talked to the King respectfully, as she officially introduced Lou. 
"This is the merchant from the Rosantine guild that I mentioned the other day," Princess Osana said, as she opened her arm toward Lou. "He wants to invest in the research of magical devices." 
Only then did the king pay attention to the man in the red cloak beside Cane. "Hm, so you are the merchant from the Rosantine guild?" 
"Yes, My King, it is my honor to be invited to the palace and meet you in person, all thanks to Princess Osana." 
At this point, Cane had stopped listening to his surroundings, not even the business that Lou had in the capital city interested him anymore, because he had different goals to be here, thus what this eccentric merchant wanted had nothing to do with him. 
Right now, Cane was staring at his mate, he squeezed her hand that clasped his lightly to get her attention. 
’What is it?’ Cane mouthed. He thought she was feeling uncomfortable or something.
###Chapter 215: SHE DID NOT LIE
Chapter 215: SHE DID NOT LIE
’What is it?’ Cane mouthed. He thought she was feeling uncomfortable. After all, this was the first time she was in the palace, being scared for Ethan on top of that. 
But when she raised her head and looked at Cane, she only frowned and looked even more uncomfortable to talk. She glanced around, indicating that she couldn’t talk in front of so many people. It was strange for her to act this way. 
Cane looked at her for a moment before he let the King know that his mate needed to take rest. 
"She is not like us, her body is way more delicate and a long journey in this harsh weather has taken a toll on her," Cane said smoothly. Everyone present there knew that Iris was a runt and fell sick constantly, thus the King didn’t have any reason to hold them back when the conversation with Lou didn’t concern him at all. 
"Vemion, take them to their rooms, it seems Iris is going to faint if I hold them back a little bit longer," King Aeon guffawed, but his voice was laced with a mocking tone. 
Cane only smiled to hear that. He said nothing at all, as they followed Vemion and Laluna out of the main hall, while someone had taken Ethan to his bedroom. He would stay there until further notice and the King had decided what his punishment would be. 
Because the two of them were alpha and luna, of course, they were given only one bedroom, especially when they had been marked and mated. 
It was a little bit awkward for Iris, since they didn’t talk for weeks, but right now there was another important thing that she needed to tell him. 
"What is it?" Cane asked once they were alone inside the bedroom. Along the way, Iris kept holding his hand, as if she was afraid of letting him go, but that was actually what made him feel weird. 
She was not in imminent danger nor was the wrath of the King directed at her, there was no reason for her to act clingy with him. 
"This..." Iris raised her hand that held Cane’s. "I saw a dark wisp coming from your hand. I don’t know what it is." 
"Dark wisp?" Cane furrowed his brows when he heard that. "What do you mean by dark wisp?" 
"This..." Iris slowly let go of his hand and both of them stared at Cane’s hand to see what she meant by the dark wisp. 
The dark wisp that Iris saw earlier was akin to light smoke that emanated from Cane’s palm and because she was not sure whether it was a good thing or not, she covered it with her own hands. 
Yet, when Iris let go of his hand, there was no dark wisp. Cane’s hand looked normal, which surprised her and then she began to panic. 
"I saw the dark wisp earlier, I swear. I didn’t lie to you." She was afraid that Cane would think she was lying to him. "There was a dark wisp, it was like a dark streak, I don’t know what it was, thus I covered it with my hands, I swear! I didn’t lie to you." 
Mason and her father always ignored her, concluding she was a liar whenever she said that she was in pain or sick. Her fears stemmed from there whenever she couldn’t prove her words. Not to mention with the way the people from the pack looked at her with judgment in their eyes, thinking she was the same as her father, that she faked her sincerity. 
Though it was not related to the problem right now, it connected each event in a way. 
"I didn’t lie to you!" Iris tried to explain herself again, because Cane said nothing. 
She only stopped blabbering when he raised his hand and caressed her cheek lightly. "Okay," he said simply. "Go and take some rest." 
And after saying that, Cane walked out of the room, he had something to take care of. 
On the other hand, Iris felt dejected to be left alone like this, because she was not sure if Cane believed her words or not. Or he just wanted to end the conversation quickly, while still thinking of her as a liar. Cane had never explained anything, nor would he talk more than necessary. 
Iris felt so down, as she stared at the closed door. She walked into the spacious and exquisite bedroom, which looked so empty, but a moment later, Hanna came to accompany her. 
"Will said that you are alone and the Alpha will not return well into the night," Hanna said cheerfully. Will told her to accompany Iris, which she gladly agreed to. 
But, of course, Will wouldn’t have told Hanna about that without any instruction. 
"This place is so beautiful, isn’t it?" Hanna asked happily, as she brushed her hair and braided it again. Iris looked a little bit pale, thus when it was lunch time, she persuaded her to eat more, but she simply didn’t have an appetite. 
Iris’ mind wandered to the black wisp that she saw on Cane’s palm. Did she see wrong? Or was that the side effect of the dark magic that Aria had subjected him to? 
There was no way Iris could tell, but Cane had to be more careful. They could accuse him of using dark magic, especially now when the rumors about it was on the lips of every person in the continent. 
Later, when the sun set, feeling way too exhausted, Iris fell asleep the moment her head hit the pillows. Hanna lit up all the candles and added more firewood to the fireplace, to keep this room warm. 
She just tucked Iris in when someone entered the room. 
"Alpha..." Hanna bowed respectfully when Cane walked across the room and stared at Iris’ sleeping face. 
"How long has it been since she fell asleep?" He came to fetch her for dinner with the King and the Queen. 
"She has been sleeping for an hour," Hanna replied. "Should I wake her up?" She asked.
###Chapter 216: HOLDING HER CLOSE TO HIM
Chapter 216: HOLDING HER CLOSE TO HIM
"Should I wake her up?" Hanna seemed to know why Cane came over. She too heard about the banquet that was being held in honor of their alpha and luna. 
"You may go," Cane said simply, as he stood in his place. 
Hanna was about to say that she would get Iris ready in a few minutes if Cane could wait, but she swallowed it back and nodded respectfully to the Alpha, as she walked out of the bedroom, leaving the two of them alone. 
When Cane heard the sound of the door closing softly, he walked over to the bed and stared at Iris’ sleeping face. She looked very tired after a long journey. She had been so strong during the arduous journey to the capital city. Not even a single complaint escaped her lips, despite the extreme weather. 
This must be the time she could sleep comfortably in the bed, not inside the shaking carriage after weeks. 
Cane shook her shoulder lightly to wake her up, because the dinner was being held in the honor of both of them, it was basic courtesy for Iris to attend, but seeing how his mate was in deep sleep, Cane seemed to feel reluctant to put any effort into waking her up. 
He shook her shoulder lightly for the second time before he caressed her, soft, curly hair and then left. 
======================== 
"What have you done to me?" Aria’s voice was very grated when she spoke for the first time in days. She sounded like someone who just ate sand. Her throat was burning and her eyes were fixed on Dexter’s bleeding palm. 
She was repulsed at herself for craving his blood. It took everything in her to stop herself from drinking his blood to sate her thirst. 
Aria didn’t know how long she had been like this or how many days or weeks had passed since she was with this sorcerer, but her last memory of the gallows started fading away from her mind, as if it was something that had happened years ago, yet at the same time, the emotions of that day were still so fresh. She could feel the pain of being strangled when she couldn’t breathe, as the rope tightened around her neck.
She could still feel the disappointment and misery that she felt that day when she couldn’t see him for one last time. He didn’t even grant her wish to see him in her last moments, but she still longed for him. 
"Don’t hurt yourself and come here," Dexter said softly, he treated her with kindness, if one could say. But there were a lot of things in Aria’s mind and heart to see that. 
The sorcerer’s blood dripped on the white sheet, because Aria refused to drink it. She looked at him with disdain in her eyes, but her eyes would flicker back to the blood every other second. She was on the verge of giving up and taking up his offer, but then, she was always a stubborn woman to begin with. 
In a corner of this hut, Letto curled himself, as he watched the whole exchange. He tried not to attract too much attention to himself, as he observed silently. 
"Explain to me!" Aria roared, she hurt her throat, but she couldn’t care less. Her whole body was shaking, she fought the urge to give up. "Why am I still alive?!" 
"I will explain to you later when you have gotten better." That was the only reply that Dexter gave to her question. 
"I want the explanation now!" Aria barked out, but Dexter simply put his palm close to her lips, so she could taste his blood and that was all it needed to make her give in and start sucking out his blood hungrily. 
The look of it was so painful and horrendous, Letto grimaced and winched when he heard the sound of blood- sucking noise made by Aria, but all Dexter did was simply caress her back and coo softly at her. 
"Slowly," he said. 
============================= 
There was nothing eventful that happened during dinner because Cane didn’t talk much. He was sitting there alone, the only leader without a mate by his side, while the others had their mates or mistresses accompanying them. 
"She is sick." 
That was the only reply that Cane gave to them whenever they asked about Iris. Seeing this, the King ordered the daughter of his chief royal guard to be with the alpha. 
Yet, Cane was so cold and callous, which scared the poor girl. She tried to make an advance and please him like the King and her father wanted her to, but one deadly look from him was enough to scare her out of her mind. 
Cane looked like he was in a bad mood and he didn’t stay longer than necessary. The King invited him to talk about the recent issues in the morning court and after that, he left. His excuse held the water because he had been on an arduous journey for weeks, thus he needed to rest. 
The King didn’t hold him back, but he stared at his retreating back for a little bit longer before he talked something to his advisor in a low voice. 
On the other hand, Cane went straight to the bedroom. His head felt so heavy and if it was not necessary, he would have skipped dinner altogether. 
He had made sure that Ethan stayed well behaved in his bedroom, though he made a fuss that he disliked the fact that he was being locked and that made him anxious and fidgety, Cane managed to talk him down about it and the Gamma reluctantly listened to him. 
Once he was inside the bedroom, Cane peeled off his cloak and changed his clothes. He glanced at Iris, who was still sleeping soundly and then joined her in the bed. 
He didn’t know what Iris was talking about when she mentioned the dark wisp, but right now, he only wanted to close his eyes and stop thinking about anything and everything, while holding her close to him.
###Chapter 217: MORNING DISTURBANCE
Chapter 217: MORNING DISTURBANCE
Iris woke up the next morning and found herself alone. She looked at the spot beside her and knew Cane had slept there last night because that side was slightly unkempt, but it seemed he left very early in the morning. 
Iris couldn’t recall his presence, because she slept throughout the night and didn’t wake up at all. She was very tired after their long journey and had seemingly passed out the moment her head hit the pillow and felt the comfort of the bed after weeks of sleeping inside the shaking carriage. 
She rubbed her sleepy eyes and yawned. She felt like she could continue to sleep until noon, but then Hanna entered the bedroom with a tray full of breakfast. Her face looked ecstatic to see Iris was up, as she giggled when she saw her hair. It almost looked like a lion’s mane, as it framed her tiny face. 
"Your hair looks cute," Hanna commented, as she put down the tray and sat down on the edge of the bed. She stretched out her hand and pulled her curls free. 
With this type of hair, she needed to pay added attention, since brushing it too excessively would only make the curls even messier. 
"Come, wash your face and eat your breakfast, we need to see the seamstress for your dress for the ceremony later," Hanna tugged at Iris’ hand, trying to make her get off the bed. "You need to try on your dress for tonight too, tonight is the new year’s eve! You didn’t forget about it, right?" 
Because Hanna was the personal maid for Iris, thus all the rundown was given to her by the head servant from the palace. 
The ceremony would be held two weeks from now and since tonight was a monumental event of the year, needless to say, there would be a big party to celebrate it, where the palace would open their gates to greet the commoners. This occasion only happens once a year. 
"I didn’t forget," Iris replied sleepily, as she got off the bed and went to the bathroom. She didn’t forget about the new year’s eve, but because nothing interesting happened during the celebration of the new year before this, she wasn’t really looking forward to it. It felt like only another day had passed. There was nothing special about it and Hanna knew. 
"Tonight will be different, Miss. We can meet a lot of people from the capital and from what I heard, they will open the gates." It was easy for Hanna to blend with other people and meeting new friends always excited her, thus even though this was the first time she was in the palace, she didn’t feel awkward at all. 
But, it was so different with Iris, hearing there would be a lot of people and even commoners inside the palace, only made her even more nervous. 
"Don’t worry, I will be with you," Hanna reassured her, as if she could smell her anxiety had increased. 
Iris didn’t say anything and let Hanna take care of her hair, while she had her breakfast. She also chose the best dress for her to go out, because right now she was the Luna of the Blue Moon pack and also the mate of the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack. She needed to be presentable in front of all the people. 
Iris was wearing a white dress with golden lace on its hem and its high collared neck, coupled with a fur cloak in the same color, while her hair cascaded down behind her back with half of it tied up into a bun above her head. 
Hanna was delighted that she didn’t forget to bring this dress and managed to stuff it inside their luggage. 
Wearing this color, Iris looked regal and innocent at the same time, people who didn’t know her would think she was a princess from a great kingdom. There was something about her that gave off the feeling of serenity, as if there was nothing that could bother her. 
With Hanna, she walked down the corridor to go to the east palace, where they would see the seamstress to try on a few dresses. 
But, when they were about to enter the carriage that would take them to the east palace, someone approached them. 
It was Hanna, who heard his greeting, while Iris noticed it because she stopped talking and turned her head to bow respectfully to the person that came to them. 
It was Lou. He was wearing his favorite red cloak with a different design this time, which made him look carefree and as if the cold wind couldn’t bother him at all. 
"Long time no see red hair," Lou greeted Iris, which made Hanna frown, this man shouldn’t have greeted her missy that way. She was the Luna of two packs. 
However, she didn’t dare to correct him, because even Iris didn’t say anything about it. 
Since she saw the strange dark wisp emerging from Cane’s palm, she completely forgot about Lou’s existence. 
"It’s great to see you, you look so gorgeous in that dress," Lou complimented her. 
"Thank you," Iris replied politely, as she smiled softly at him. 
"I guess, you are going to the east palace, am I right?" Lou guessed it correctly, which made Hanna slightly uncomfortable. She had this instant dislike toward this carefree man. "Let’s go, I will go with you, because I need to discuss some business with Princess Osana. You don’t mind if I go with you, right?" 
Despite the question, Lou had opened the carriage door for Iris and offered his hand to help her to get into the carriage, like a gentleman. 
The east palace was the same palace where Princess Osana lived, thus Lou’s excuse made sense. 
"Sir, I don’t think it is appropriate for you to ride the same carriage with Miss Iris," Hanna tried to interfere. 
However, hearing that, Lou only laughed. "This is the capital city, here people are not that strict about the relationships between men and women."
###Chapter 218: IMPORTANT THING
Chapter 218: IMPORTANT THING
Iris was reluctant to be in the same carriage as Lou, because he made her feel uncomfortable, especially because of their last encounter and how demanding he could be. 
However, for someone like Iris, it was so hard to refuse him, because he was not aggressive and somewhat nice to her, as he smiled gently, while holding the door for the carriage open, waiting for her to get inside first. 
"Don’t tell me that you are afraid to share a carriage with me?" Lou asked Iris when he saw how reluctant she was, while her little maid huffed behind her, disliking him extremely, yet he couldn’t care less about Hanna. "Don’t worry, I will not bite," he said casually, winking at her neck, where the shifters usually marked their mate. 
Hanna took a deep breath when she saw that gesture, she wanted to reprimand him, but her position didn’t allow her to do so. If this red cloaked man could roam around the palace so casually, it meant he was someone important and she couldn’t afford to offend someone like him. 
Hanna tugged Iris’ sleeve to get her attention. "Miss, let’s take another carriage," she said softly. 
"Why?" Lou’s expression was crestfallen when he heard that, he looked hurt, but of course, Iris could see through his pretense. There was mirth in his eyes. "You really don’t want to be in the same carriage as me? I feel so hurt..." 
Seeing this situation, Iris felt awry. She didn’t want to be difficult and make a scene here, after all, it was just a few minutes ride together and Hanna would be with her, there was nothing that would happen. 
Moreover, she didn’t know for sure why Lou was here and she didn’t want to create more trouble for Cane by offending him, since this merchant seemingly had a close relationship with Princess Osana. 
"It’s okay, it’s only a few minutes’ ride." Iris tapped Hanna’s hand that was holding her sleeve, which left her with no choice but to let her missy go. 
In an instant, a smile, as sweet as a blooming flower, appeared on Lou’s lips. He was a handsome man, with looks that could rival and defeat average pretty women and was very flamboyant. He was quite the opposite to Cane. He emanated a warm and carefree aura. 
"I promise I will behave," Lou said in a teasing tone, but Iris didn’t read that, while Hanna glared at him stealthily. 
Lou offered his hand to help Iris to get into the carriage, but she simply climbed inside without his help, which made Hanna feel a little bit better. At the very least, this man couldn’t take advantage of her missy easily. 
Meanwhile, seeing how his goodwill was being ignored, Lou shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly and then entered the carriage as well. 
However, when Hanna was about to climb inside, Lou closed the door and grinned at her. "You are a maid, you should take a seat in front with the coachman." 
"She will sit with me," Iris retorted, she looked at Lou sternly, but the merchant feigned ignorance. 
"There is something important I want to discuss with you," Lou said, as he lowered his voice and his expression turned serious. "I don’t think someone like your little maid should hear this." 
Iris furrowed her brows, she tried to guess what kind of important thing that he wanted to discuss with her, but she didn’t have any idea. 
And in the end, her curiosity got the better of her, as she told Hanna to sit in the front seat, which she obliged reluctantly, only then the carriage finally moved toward the East palace. 
"What important thing that you want to talk about?" Iris felt uncomfortable because Lou was staring at her intently. 
"I think Lil thing will be happy to see you," Lou said, he leaned his back against the backseat, as they sat across from each other. The scenery out there was so beautiful, yet Iris didn’t have time to indulge herself in it when her focus was on the merchant in front of her. 
"What do you want to talk about?" Iris didn’t want him to change the topic. Hanna said the East palace was not too far, only a ten minute ride, thus if this was really an important thing, ten minutes was a very short time. 
"Do you know where I got Lil thing from? That animal is a rare creature," Lou said again with a sigh. "I spent a fortune to get it, but then I realized I need an even bigger fortune to raise it, since that creature eats magic stones for a living," he lamented. 
"What do you want to talk about?" Iris almost lost her temper, which was a rare thing to happen. 
On the other hand, seeing her angry little face only amused Lou, as his smile became so bright. "Red hair, tell me, what are you? How can you find those magic stones? Tell me your secret." 
Lou leaned over abruptly, which forced Iris to lean back, so their faces wouldn’t be so close. She could smell his scent from this proximity and see the irises of his eyes. 
"Stay away from me or I will scream!" Iris hissed, she pushed him away. Lou readily obliged and leaned back on his seat again. 
"You don’t need to scream, I told you that I will behave, right?" He flashed her a harmless smile. 
"What is the important thing that you want to say?" Iris clutched her cloak subconsciously, though Lou didn’t attempt to get close to her again. 
"That’s the important thing that we need to discuss," he replied innocently. "How can you find so many magic stones inside the cave? I need to fight Lil thing for the magic stones because that creature kept snacking on it." 
"Not telling you," Iris replied curtly, she was annoyed. 
However, Lou was not yet done with her. "Why not? Red hair, if you tell me, I will give the Lil thing to you!" 
However, before he could continue further, Lou heard someone scream in the distance. "MONSTERS!"
###Chapter 219: UGLY MONSTER
Chapter 219: UGLY MONSTER
"Why not? Red hair, if you tell me, I will give Lil Thing to you!" Lou raised his brows, his eyes gleamed with excitement when he gave that generous offer, even though the generous offer benefited him more than Iris, since it cost a fortune to feed it. As a merchant, of course, this was a bad investment. 
However, before their conversation could progress, in the distance someone screamed in fear. "MONSTERS!" 
At the same time, the carriage stopped and this alerted Iris. "Are we there yet?" She looked out the window, but the nearest building was still a little bit far away. 
Meanwhile, Lou creased his brows deeply. They were inside the protection of the palace walls, how could a monster break through the defense and enter the palace territory? 
"Miss! Don’t come out!" Hanna opened the carriage door hastily, as she talked to Iris in a hurry, her expression looked panicked. "Don’t come out!" 
"What is happening?" Iris poked her head out to look outside and gasped in fear upon seeing two trolls and a dozen Brinetallons fighting the royal guards in their beast form. 
Her last encounter with Brinetallon was when she stayed with Cane in his lycan form and the monster broke through the defense of the Blue Moon pack. After that, she learned a little bit about that monster and knew how deadly their venom was, especially when she had experienced taking care of a victim of their venom. 
One Brinetallon was enough to overwhelm four beasts, let alone a dozen of them. 
"Stay inside the carriage, Miss! We don’t know how many of them are here! More royal warriors will be here!" 
For now, they were protected by the royal guards, but it didn’t take so long to see how those guards couldn’t hold them back any longer. The number of victims on the beast side started to rise one by one rapidly. 
Meanwhile, Lou jumped out of the carriage and watched the fighting scene before his eyes. His eyes turned cold to see this, but he was exceptionally calm, there was no fear at all. 
"This is not good," he stated the obvious and then approached the front seat to talk with the coachman. "Can’t you take us somewhere else?"
The coachman was dumbstruck, he was petrified, until he couldn’t think straight. And after hearing Lou’s question, he nodded his head profusely. 
From the looks of it, the guards wouldn’t be able to hold back the Brinetallons for a long time and they didn’t know when the royal warriors would arrive, thus it was not wise to stay here and wait for those monsters to kill all of the guards and attack them next. 
"Get back to your seat, little maid," Lou said to Hanna, as he climbed into the carriage again and it took off in a different direction. "Don’t worry, I will not let you die, at least until I get the answer from you. So, can you tell me now?" The merchant looked relaxed despite the situation outside and this left Iris bewildered. 
The coachman took them back toward the King’s palace, retracing the way they came from. 
"Red hair, I am waiting for your answer here," Lou reminded her, he was not affected by the dreadful situation, nor did he look wondering about how the monsters could be inside the palace walls. "Don’t let me wait for long, okay? I will not be nice when I run out of patience." 
Iris didn’t answer him, but her blue eyes shone with irritation. Answering his question was the last thing that she wanted to do, but he kept pestering her. 
Yet, all of a sudden, Lou leaned forward and hugged her, he wrapped his arms around her body so tightly and at the same time, she was thrown out of her seat. Her surroundings were blasted, but Lou pressed her face against his chest and the next thing that she knew, she was in his arms, as they were already out of the carriage, while in front of them was a monster, around five meters tall with small red eyes. 
"Damn it!" Lou cursed under his breath. "Red hair, you owe me your life!" He smirked, he would surely ask for repayment from her, since he was a man full of calculations. 
However, Iris didn’t hear that, she couldn’t care less about what he said because right now, she was frantically looking for Hanna. She shouted her name and wriggled her body from Lou’s embrace, yet the merchant didn’t let her go. 
Meanwhile, the carriage that they rode earlier had been crushed under the monster’s feet, while the horse had runaway, but there was no sight of Hanna or the coachman. 
Iris’ heart beat so fast, as her mind was thinking about the most horrible thing that could happen to her. 
"Hanna!" Iris called her name desperately. "Let me go!" She tried to push Lou away from her, but he didn’t budge. 
"Stop it, will you?! There! Your little maid is there!" He pointed his finger to his left side, where Iris could see Hanna, already in her beast form, fighting against seven goblins! Along with another beast, which she assumed was the coachman. 
How could these creatures be here?! It didn’t make any sense at all! 
"Now, if you have calmed down, can you help me to deal with that monster?" Lou nodded at the huge monster before his eyes. 
Iris followed his line of sight and realized their predicament. That monster had small red eyes that didn’t match with his monstrous body. His fist could even fit two grown up beasts. 
Iris was startled, as she clutched onto Lou subconsciously. 
"Now, you’re scared." Lou clicked his tongue, but he didn’t let her go, instead, when the monster charged forward, he lifted Iris’ body and carried her before running away toward the woods. 
Thankfully, because of the size, the monster couldn’t run fast enough. 
"Do you have any idea where your mate is?" Lou asked. "I don’t mind protecting you, but he should deal with that ugly monster!"
###Chapter 220: TAKING THE BRUNT
Chapter 220: TAKING THE BRUNT
"Do you have any idea where your mate is?" Lou asked. "I don’t mind protecting you, but he should be dealing with that ugly monster!" 
This time, Iris read what Lou was saying, but she didn’t have any idea where Cane was, yet even if she knew, she wouldn’t bring this terrifying monster to him just so her mate could deal with it! 
"I don’t know! I think we need to find the royal warriors! They must be on the way!" Iris said in panic, because they moved further away from the palace and went deeper into the woods. She didn’t think they would find any royal warriors here. 
The huge monster that chased after them simply crushed and toppled down all the trees that blocked his way, as it had enormous strength. 
"Lou!" Iris tapped his shoulder to get his attention, as he carried her in his arms. The merchant didn’t answer her at all. 
Lou glanced at Iris and then grimaced. "Actually... I am lost. I don’t know the way out of here," he said honestly. 
They went deeper into the woods and unexpectedly, this place was bigger than he imagined. 
"We can retrace our way!" The monster left so much destruction in its wake when it followed them, thus it would be easy to turn around and go back to where they had left Hanna. Iris was also very worried about her. 
"You are right!" Lou grinned foolishly and then stopped running and turned around to face the monster. 
On the other hand, Iris furrowed her brows deeply because Lou acted so weirdly, there was no way he didn’t think about it, right? 
However, instead of running back as planned, Lou put Iris down and looked at her with an apologetic look. 
"But, the problem is... I don’t have the stamina to run back while carrying you," he said timidly, which made Iris’ face turn red. Seeing that, Lou immediately waved his hands dismissively. "I am not saying that you are heavy! No! And I am also not weak!" 
Iris pursed her lips and gave him a look. "I didn’t say anything!" 
"I can see it on your face, your expression is easy to read." He pointed at her red face and then added. "I have been on a long journey as well, you know, so my stamina has not returned yet and I am not a shifter either, who has enormous strength!" 
It sounded like an excuse to Iris. "I can run, you don’t need to carry me." This was the first time someone told her that she was heavy, though implicitly. She was still a woman after all and this made her feel self- conscious. 
"I doubt you can outrun the monster," Lou said bluntly, which only annoyed Iris even further, although she did think the same. 
But, a second later, Lou reached out to her and hugged her again, as he threw his body to the side to prevent them from being crushed under the monster’s feet. 
Iris could feel the hard and cold ground beneath her and the rocks that grazed her skin, but Lou took the brunt of their fall, as he hugged her tightly. 
"Damn it!" He cursed under his breath when he saw there was a troll joining the other monster. He clicked his tongue in annoyance and immediately stood up. "Are you okay?" He steadied Iris. 
"Yes, thank you," Iris muttered, she was shocked to notice another monster had joined their little party. 
Lou’s smile was blinding to see her scared expression. "Don’t mention it, but you can give me your heart to repay me," he said cheekily, which made Iris look at him angrily. 
How could he make such a joke in this dreadful situation? 
But, actually, Lou preferred this red hair angry rather than scared. 
"Hey, I saved your life twice, didn’t I?" Lou still insisted on making jokes, grinning from ear to ear, but Iris’ eyes widened when the troll charged toward them. 
"Watch out!" Iris pulled Lou aside, but the merchant didn’t budge, as he shielded her behind his back and faced the troll. 
This time, all humor had vanished from his expression, as his face turned serious. He looked like someone else entirely in a split second. 
"Lou!" Iris screamed when she watched how the troll raised its arm and swung it toward them with so much force. If they were hit, the impact would be unimaginable! However, Iris couldn’t make Lou move! He didn’t even try to dodge it. "Lou! Move!" Her voice was laced with panic, as she closed her eyes, waiting for the pain. 
However, with his free hand that was not holding Iris’, Lou stopped the movement of the troll. A beam of white light came from his left hand and created a barrier around the troll, trapping him inside this invisible cage. 
Gradually, Iris opened her eyes because the pain didn’t come and stumbled upon this whole scene. She immediately realized what was happening. 
"You are a sorcerer..." she said in disbelief. She thought he was just a merchant from the Rosantine guild, a human, since people from the Karam continent usually dabbled in trade and except in the Andel continent, it was rare to find any magic users.
Lou glanced over his shoulder and winked at her. "This will be our little secret, okay?" 
Iris was too surprised to learn about this, but they didn’t have the leisure for a chat when the five meters tall monster charged toward them right at this moment. 
Seeing that, Lou let go of Iris’ hand and did the same with the second monster that was trying to attack them, but this one had a monstrous strength, and Lou’s magic was not sufficient to stop its movements. 
Easily, the monster broke free from Lou’s barrier. 
"Shit!" Lou cursed again, he tried for the second time, but his magic was not enough, just like he said, he was not in his best shape. 
Therefore, he turned around and shielded Iris with his body to take the brunt of it, since it was too late for them to dodge it. 
"No! Stop!" Iris cried, she looked the monster right in its red eyes.
###Chapter 221: THAT WAS NOT HER BLOOD
Chapter 221: THAT WAS NOT HER BLOOD
It was too late for Lou to escape the attack, thus the only thing in his mind was to protect this red haired woman behind him. He turned around and hugged her, shielding her, as he got ready to take the brunt from the impact. He had his back against the monster. 
He swore in his heart that if he managed to come out of this mess alive, he would kill Sabian! 
However, Iris shuffled her legs and poked her head from his shoulder and looked the monster right in the eyes, as she cried out loud. "NO! STOP!" 
She did that out of instinct, she could feel her heart lurch to her stomach when the monster swung its huge arm toward them, but then stopped only a few inches away from them. He stopped the attack mid air and blinked its small red eyes innocently. 
Feeling something was not right, Lou turned his head to see the monster put down its arm and stand there looking all docile, as if the giant creature wouldn’t attack them anymore and this left both of them speechless. 
"How did you do that?" Lou asked, his mind whirled rapidly, as he stared at Iris, who was dumbfounded as well. 
"I don’t know..." Iris shook her head, but she felt this sensation and the scene was very familiar. It happened once in the past when the monster attacked the mines and she tried to protect Ania. 
The monster, at that time also, stopped when she said so, but she thought it was only a fortunate coincidence and didn’t think much about it, after all, it happened only for a few seconds. 
"Are you a magic user or something?" Lou furrowed his brows, he observed the girl, but he was pretty sure that she was not a magic user, his informant told him the same. She was a runt from what he knew. It seemed he had to dig deeper into this girl’s background. 
On the other hand, Iris didn’t read his question, as her eyes were fixed on the monster before them. She was flabbergasted that the monster listened to her command. 
However, a moment later, the monster let out an agony roar, as something pierced through its heart. It penetrated from its back and appeared on its chest, leaving a huge hole as black blood spurted out from the fatal wound. 
A black beast pierced through the monster’s body and landed right next to Iris and Lou, its golden eyes fixed on the merchant, as its whole being radiated with killing intent. The black beast let out a dangerous, low growl, as if telling him to back off. 
The aura that this best let out was so suffocating, which made Lou take a step back out of instinct, as he let Iris go from his embrace. 
The Alpha was not happy to see his mate in danger, but even more so when he saw someone else hug her. 
Behind him, the gigantic monster long dropped dead to the ground, sending snow fluttering in the air and the ground shook violently, which made Iris lose her balance. 
Meanwhile the dozen royal warriors trailed after the black beast took care of the dead troll within a few moments. 
Only after the danger had passed, did Cane shift back into his human form and approach Iris, who was sitting on the ground, which was covered in snow. 
He didn’t say anything, but his eyes scrutinized her body silently. The blood on her white cloak was not hers, but the monster’s, which was sprayed on her when Cane killed the monster. 
He took her hand, but except for a few grazes on her palms, she was fine, only a little bit scared. "Thank you for protecting her," Cane said to Lou, as he turned around and faced the merchant. 
Lou finally regained his composure and flashed him a beautiful smile. "You owe me one, Alpha Cane." 
Cane’s eyes turned slightly darker when he heard that, but he didn’t show any reaction when he replied. "And how can I repay that?" 
Lou tapped his chin, seemingly thinking of a way to answer that, but Cane didn’t have enough patience to wait for him and his pretense. 
"Meet me when you have thought about an answer." And after saying that, he turned around with Iris close to him. He put his arm around her shoulder and left the scene, while the merchant was dumbstruck by how callous the Alpha was. 
"Wow... I just saved his mate and he treated me so coldly," he muttered to himself, but his eyes were filled with amusement when he saw Iris turn her head and looked at him. He raised his hand and waved at her energetically, but Cane covered her eyes and turned her head again, so she could see where she walked. "She is so cute." Lou grinned. 
The merchant stayed there until the carcasses of the monsters had been cleaned up. 
"Sir, I will show you the way back to the palace," one of the royal warriors said, he approached him after everything had been cleared. 
However, Lou shook his head. "There is no need, but can you send me a carriage to fetch me from here? I am too tired to walk," he said, as he sat down on a nearby rock. 
"Will do," the warrior replied and ordered two of his men to stay behind with Lou. 
"No, all of you can go," Lou rejected. 
"But, it will be dangerous for you to stay here all by yourself." 
Lou waved his hand, indicating he didn’t want to argue about it, which made the warrior relent. He then left him alone. 
Only when everyone had gone, did someone appear from behind the dense trees. His scent was covered by magic, thus no one had noticed he was there. 
"Master," the old man greeted Lou, as he knelt in front of him. 
Lou jumped up from the rock he was sitting on and then approached him, but when he was close enough, he raised his leg and kicked him. "Imbecile!" 
The old man was sent flying a few meters away before he hit the tree.
###Chapter 222: HIS EYES SOFTENED
Chapter 222: HIS EYES SOFTENED
"Imbecile!" Lou growled angrily, as he kicked the old man. 
The poor man was sent flying a few meters away before his body collided against the tree. He let out a painful groan, as he tried to rise to his feet, but he kept his head low respectfully, as if he was afraid to anger the merchant further. 
"I almost died because of you!" Lou trudged slowly toward him, while the old man trembled in fear. "How do you plan to explain yourself, Sabian?" He stopped in front of Sabian, as he prostrated himself on the snow covered ground. 
"I don’t know how Brinetallons and Vermeyes could come as well, I followed your order and it was supposed to be only trolls and goblins that attacked the palace," Sabian said, his whole body trembling in fear. 
Lou was a sorcerer, he was not lying when he said he didn’t have enough strength, because all of his power had been used to open the portal and invite the monsters to attack the palace. This was all his idea, but he didn’t expect to let those venomous monsters come! 
Meanwhile, Sabian was the old man, who guarded the cave full of water magic stones in the black market. He was Lou’s loyal servant. 
No wonder he felt his magic had been sapped greatly, as it turned out, those dangerous monsters had crossed the portal as well. 
"Master, you must know that my magic will not be able to call for those monsters, I don’t even have enough power to open the portal like you could." 
What Sabian said was right. He didn’t have enough power to pull off such a complicated magic spell, but how could those Brinetallons and Vermeyes come here? 
Lou’s expression turned grim. He looked so cheerful and carefree when he teased and flirted with Iris, but right now, he looked like someone else entirely. 
"Leave and make sure no one finds out about the portal," Lou said coldly. His mind was filled with Iris and how she could stop the monster from attacking them. He thought about a lot of possibilities, but nothing seemed to add up. 
"Yes, yes, master." 
Not long after that, the carriage that would take Lou out of the woods arrived. 
========================== 
Hanna looked so worried when she saw Iris, she hugged her and checked on her. She sighed in relief when she saw there were only a few minor grazes on her palms. 
And then a moment later, a carriage arrived. 
Cane helped her to get into the carriage and this time, she let someone else help her to get in. At first, Iris thought Cane would leave after he made sure she was safe, but to her surprise, he got into the carriage as well. 
He still didn’t talk much, not even asking whether she was alright or not. 
Seeing this, Hanna took the initiative to sit in the front, beside the coachman, so she could let the two of them alone, after all, the atmosphere was a little bit awkward. 
"To the King’s palace," Cane said. They didn’t go to the East palace like they intended to, but no one posed a question about this. 
Meanwhile, Iris sat silently across from him, as she stole a peek at her mate every now and then, but Cane’s eyes were fixed on the road outside of the window. He didn’t pay her any attention. From the looks of it, it seemed there were a lot of things that he was thinking about at this moment. 
"Alpha..." Iris nudged his arm to get his attention. She didn’t know whether it was the right thing to do, but she felt the need to tell him what she had witnessed in the woods earlier. 
Cane shifted his attention and looked at her blue eyes. She looked sweet and beautiful, though her white dress and cloak were slightly dirty. 
He could care less about the monster attack when he heard the report in the middle of the morning court, but when he knew Iris was around the area where the monsters were attacking, his body moved faster than his brain, as he rushed out of the meeting room. 
Once he was there, he found Hanna, but Iris was not with her, thus he followed her scent into the woods, more so, the destruction that the monster left behind was so clear, making it easier for him to find them. 
"Hm?" Cane looked at his mate, she looked reluctant to talk, but he knew she would tell him eventually, thus he gave her the time she needed to feel more comfortable. 
"Do you know that Lou is a sorcerer?" Iris lowered her voice when she said that. Lou had told her to not say anything about it and keep it a secret, but she had never agreed to that, more so, she didn’t want to hide anything from Cane.
If Lou’s true identity would affect her mate in any way, she should let him know about it. 
"A sorcerer?" Cane furrowed his brows. 
"Yes." Iris nodded her head profusely, as she told Cane everything that she saw earlier, including how Lou created a barrier to stop the troll and how he told her not to say anything about what she had seen and to keep it a secret. "But, I never agreed to that, so I am not at fault for telling you this." She justified herself. 
Cane’s eyes slightly softened to see how Iris flailed her arms to emphasize the few things, her blue eyes lit up and she looked so alive. 
"Okay," Cane replied. 
Okay? That’s it? 
Iris didn’t know what she expected, but a simple ’okay’ was the only response that Cane gave to her, as she was at a loss for what to say next. 
Thus, silence ensued inside the carriage, until Cane spoke again when the carriage stopped in front of the King’s palace. They were staying in the King’s palace, while Cane’s men occupied another building. 
"Don’t meet with him." Cane looked her in the eyes. "Don’t talk to him again. Stay away from him."
###Chapter 223: SHE WAS CAUGHT RED HANDED
Chapter 223: SHE WAS CAUGHT RED HANDED
"Don’t meet with him." Cane looked her in the eyes. "Don’t talk to him again. Stay away from him." 
The Alpha looked very serious when he said that and Iris thought he was warning her because Lou could be a potential trouble for him and their pack. 
"Okay." Iris nodded, but then explained about her meeting with Lou. "It was not me who went looking for him." 
Cane didn’t say anything about that, nor did he give any response to it. He just nodded and then shifted his attention back to the scenery outside of the small window of this carriage, deep in thought again. 
Iris fell silent after that. She really wanted to know what was in Cane’s mind, so did all the people around him. It was always a mystery how his mind worked. 
Soon after their conversation ended, they arrived at the King’s palace. Cane went out of the carriage first and helped Iris to get down, as he offered his hand, but once she had steadied herself, he let her go and walked ahead, while she and Hanna followed behind him. 
However, Hanna went away all of a sudden, as if she received an order or something, but Iris couldn’t ask what it was, thus she just followed Cane back to their bedroom. 
She didn’t know why Cane took her to their bedroom when she was supposed to go to the East palace to try on a few dresses for the ceremony and the new year party tonight. 
"Cane, I think I need to go see the seamstress since the situation has calmed down," Iris said once they were inside the room. 
But, Cane only nodded at the sofa and told her to sit down. 
Confused, Iris sat down on the sofa before she saw him sitting across from her, but he didn’t do anything else. He just leaned his back and closed his eyes, seemingly asleep, but there was no way he could sleep right now. 
His silence only confused her even further. What did he mean by telling her to sit down here, while he was trying to sleep? Did he want her to watch him sleep? That didn’t sound right... 
Iris stared at him, his brows knitted together and his scar looked ghastly, it made him look ferocious, almost like he was always in a bad mood. He didn’t hide his scar or try to do something to heal it and from what Iris observed in Cane, it was so rare for him to look at himself in the mirror, honestly, it seemed like he always avoided it. 
Iris remembered what Redmond said, and his words brought back the memory of Cane assaulting her, but then, she couldn’t help but feel bad for him at this moment. It was such a complicated feeling that she had for her mate, not to mention her feelings were being influenced by the mate bond that they shared. 
Probably because Iris stared at him too long and intensely or because he heard something that woke him up, but he opened his eyes abruptly, which startled Iris and she immediately lowered her gaze, fiddled with her fingers, feeling embarrassed because she was caught red handed staring at him. 
Their eyes clashed earlier and it was obvious he knew that she had been staring. 
However, Cane simply walked toward the door and then returned with a small blue box in his hand before he sat down on the table this time, so close to Iris. 
"Give me your hand," Cane said simply. 
They were so close, but Cane acted so casually and this made Iris feel embarrassed for her reaction and how her face turned red because of their proximity. 
Iris stretched out her hand when he opened the box. She peeked inside and found out that the box was a medicinal kit, it must be what Cane had ordered Hanna to do earlier. 
He took a cotton swab and dabbed it in alcohol, as he carefully cleaned the wounds on her palms. Iris jerked her hand away because it stung when the alcohol touched her grazes, but Cane held her firmly, not allowing her to move away from his grip, yet he tried to treat her a bit more gently and carefully. 
Iris didn’t have the ability to heal her wounds quickly like the shifters did, thus her grazes wouldn’t heal until a few days from now. In that case, she should be treated. 
After Cane cleaned up her palms, he applied ointment to her grazes and then threw away the used cotton and put back the alcohol inside the box. 
"Don’t wet your hands," Cane said as he stood up and left the room without saying anything anymore. That was it. He returned to their room just to make sure Iris got her wounds treated and stayed inside before he left again to tend to his own business with the King. The meeting had not yet ended after all. 
When Iris was still in a daze thinking how gently Cane treated her, Hanna walked into the room with a bright smile on her lips. 
"How are you feeling?" Hanna asked, she sat down next to Iris and looked at her palms. The Alpha gave her the ointment on his way out, so she could apply it for Iris every four hours. "Oh, the Alpha said the seamstress will come this afternoon, so we don’t need to go to the East palace." 
Iris was stunned when she read that. "Is that okay for the seamstress to come here?" 
Hanna shrugged her shoulders. "I don’t know, but the Alpha said so." 
Neither of them could figure out how Cane could pull it off and make the seamstress visit them instead, but after they had their lunch, the seamstress indeed came. She came with a bunch of beautiful dresses for Iris to put on for her ceremony and the new year party tonight. 
"There is only one problem here," Felicity said. She was a seamstress in her forties, looked very stern, but knew what she was doing. "We need to call the Alpha here and match your dresses for the ceremony."
###Chapter 224: HER FACE TURNED RED
Chapter 224: HER FACE TURNED RED
"There is only one problem here. We need to call the Alpha here and match your dresses for the ceremony." Because it was the ceremony for the Alpha and the Luna, thus both of them should wear matching outfits. In that case, they would need Cane to be there and try on three pairs, which matched the three dresses that had been chosen for Iris among the other dresses. 
"I will talk to him," Iris replied. 
"Good, at least, both of you should try them four days before the ceremony, so I can have enough time if there is something that needs to be changed." Felicity waved her hand and four servants immediately took all the dresses out of the room. "I hope your wounds will heal before the ceremony, I want everything to look perfect." 
"Don’t worry, her wounds will heal in a few days," Hanna replied, as she helped Iris to put her dress back on. 
"It’s better that way," Felicity said curtly, as she stared at Iris intently. This was the first time for her to see a runt like her and more so, the color of her hair and her eyes were not common in this continent. "It is scary how monsters can break through the protection of the palace, still, it is not clear whether the new year party will be held or not, since all the preparations were already done."
However, the incident with the monsters got wrapped up nicely. The King acted like that never happened and still intended to hold the ceremony, while his five right hand men looked slightly agitated with the way the King hid this. 
King Aeon brushed this incident under the rug, exactly like what he did with the rumors about the black magic and the lycan. 
Cane started to feel there was something more to this situation and the way King Aeon acted. Aside from everyone that involved and witnessed the attack of the monsters inside the palace, no one knew about it, as they were sworn to not talk about the incident. 
However, words were the easiest thing to leak. It wouldn’t take long before the fact of it was on the lips of the commoners and it would send a wave of panic and fear among the people. 
If the safest place like the palace could be penetrated easily by the monsters, what about public areas that didn’t have high protection like the royal palaces? 
Yet, this was the situation that Lou wanted, the reason why he released those monsters. Now, it would be easier for him to push the progress of the magical devices, in order to defend the capital city from the possible monster attacks. 
He was a merchant and he looked for benefits, thus if creating trouble inside the palace walls would urge the King to agree, so be it. 
"Leak the word about what happened this morning," Lou ordered Sabian, as he put on his favorite red cloak. He loved the color and it reminded him of Iris’ auburn hair. All this afternoon, his mind was filled with her and how she could stop the monster. She could control them? He was not sure about that. 
"Yes, Master," Sabian replied. There would be a lot of commoners tonight, thus it would be easy for him to spread the word. 
The King was really not thinking right to still invite them and open the palace gates for them, instead of thinking of a solution to the problem of monsters breaking in. 
There were a lot of things the King did which didn’t make any sense. 
On the other hand, when the sun set and all the places had turned so bright. They lit thousands of candles and braziers, thus it wouldn’t be so cold. Above them, they hung a lot of luminous pearls to light up every corner of the palace. 
It was the only annual occasion for the palace to be opened for the commoners, in that sense, everyone was very excited, especially when they heard they could see the Luna from the Howling Wolf pack. 
From the rumors that they heard from the maids in the palace, she looked so beautiful with peculiar color of hair and eyes. 
On the other hand, Cane only returned to their chamber when Iris was done with her make up and dress, on this occasion, Hanna let her hair loose, as her curls cascaded down her back, she only used a studded hairpin to keep her hair neat. 
Iris was wearing a black dress, which made her look sophisticated and mysterious. This was the color of her mate’s pack, the Howling Wolf pack. 
She looked so elegant and matured, and Hanna was so pleased to see Cane’s expression when he saw her for the first time tonight. 
He was stunned, his eyes bore into her delicate figure before he averted his gaze and walked toward the wardrobe to change his clothes. 
Even though it was only a mere few seconds, Hanna was sure that the Alpha was dumbstruck by her missy’s beauty, albeit, there was no way for anyone to know what was in his mind. 
"I will leave you here, okay? I will see you later in the party," Hanna said in a cheerful voice, as she walked out of the room. She let Iris wait for Cane, as she sat on the sofa, staring at the bright sky and if she could hear, she would be able to tell how lively the front yard of the palace was, as music filled the air. 
Not long after that, Cane emerged. He was dressed in black as well. He didn’t put any effort into looking nice, but he had a good body and strong aura that demanded respect from anyone around him nonetheless. Iris had to admit that even under his clothes, you could faintly see his strong muscles and how his presence made anyone know he was nearby. 
However, Cane frowned when he saw how Iris was smiling at him, her face turned red for no reason, but then the look on her face abruptly changed, as her eyes filled with horror.
###Chapter 225: UNSPEAKABLE MOMENT
Chapter 225: UNSPEAKABLE MOMENT
Somehow, Iris was mesmerized by her mate and how they were wearing matching outfits. Cane looked exceptionally gorgeous in black, thus she smiled subconsciously. 
However, her smile quickly disappeared when she saw how a dark wisp appeared from Cane’s hand again just like when they met with the King for the first time in the main hall. 
Her eyes filled with horror when she approached Cane and took his hand, as she showed this oddity to him. 
"Look! This is what I saw that day!" Iris said, her voice was laced with panic because she was afraid something bad would happen to him. 
Cane’s expressionless face finally showed some change when he witnessed the dark wisp that came from his hand. He didn’t feel there was something wrong with him, nor did he feel it when the dark wisp emanated from his palm. 
"What is this..." he muttered under his breath, his brows knitted together deeply. There was something wrong with his body and he didn’t know what was that or how to stop it. 
"This is what I was talking about when I said a dark wisp came out of you," Iris said, as Cane raised his hand to his face to see what kind of wisp that was. 
It was almost like his hand was just on fire and the smoke came from it, yet he felt nothing. He didn’t even realize what was happening until Iris mentioned it. 
Several thoughts came to his mind. He was sure this was the after effect of the dark magic that Aria used on him. Would this turn him into a lycan even when it was not a new moon? 
His ears rang and everything became so bleak for Cane. He barely managed to keep his secret as a lycan, but now, this happened and he was not sure what he was anymore. He felt like one day he would turn into a monster. 
All kinds of possibilities flashed before his eyes, but none of them had a good ending. 
However, among his negative thoughts, all of a sudden Iris clasped his hand, she held him and covered the dark wisp with her hands. 
"I do this and I think it will make the dark wisp go away," Iris said in a serious tone. 
Meanwhile, Cane was unable to think anymore, he stared at their intertwined fingers and saw how the dark wisp gradually disappeared and when Iris loosened her grip, it was completely gone. His palm had turned normal. 
"It’s gone!" Iris said cheerfully, as she raised her head and looked at Cane. His face was so pale. 
No one could understand how he felt right now. Fear started to grip his heart, as many thoughts swirled in his mind. What if one day he turned into a lycan completely and could never return back? What if he would be the reason why his pack was destroyed because of this secret? 
Cane felt like he returned to his hopeless state, when Gerald assaulted his pack members and he couldn’t do anything about it. How Gerald made sure to bury deep in his mind how hopeless and useless he was as the Alpha of his pack. How he would bring his pack to its demise one day. The negative thoughts escalated very quickly. 
And also the fact that he didn’t know the extent of the side effect of the dark magic that Aria had unintentionally inflicted on him, put him in that state again; useless and weak. 
"Alpha?" Iris called him, she didn’t know what was going on in his mind right now, but his expression looked very ashen and he was slightly trembling. "Alpha? What happened?" She reached out her hand to cup his face and caressed his cheeks. "It’s gone, the dark wisp is gone. It’s fine now." 
It was fine now, but what about later when it appeared again? Was it a coincidence that Iris could get rid of it? And what if she couldn’t? What would happen then? 
There were hundreds of plans in Cane’s mind about how to protect his pack and legacy, but then, the greatest problem came in the form of himself and he didn’t have a single idea how to fix this, how to fix himself. 
Cane couldn’t tell anyone about this, he was not used to doing that and didn’t know how to start it. For now, only Iris knew about this peculiarity. 
He raised his head and saw how his mate looked at him with worry in her beautiful blue eyes. She kept saying something to appease him, but he couldn’t hear what exactly she said. 
He stared into her eyes and the concern she had for him was so genuine, he wanted to reach out his hand to smooth the crease between her brows. 
"Let’s sit down for a while, I will get you a glass of water," Iris said, as she turned around and was about to leave, but suddenly, Cane pulled her back. 
He hugged her from behind, as he buried his face in the crook of her shoulder before breathing in her scent, which could help calm him down. 
Cane didn’t realize what he was doing, but even after he did, he didn’t let her go. If anything, he tightened his arms around her body further. 
Meanwhile, not knowing what to do, she didn’t struggle to free herself from him, because somehow, she knew he wouldn’t do something bad to her. He only held her so close, like he did whenever they fell asleep together. 
Was this another unspeakable moment between them? Something that they would never mention? A vulnerable moment, where they felt a little bit closer? 
In the end, Iris stretched out her hand behind her and caressed his head, she ran her fingers through his hair.
"I am so scared, I don’t know what to do, I feel like everything will fall apart..." he whispered into her ear, but there was no way Iris could know what he was talking about. 
However, that was what cued Cane to tell her about what he felt right now, because she couldn’t hear the sorrow in his voice.
###Chapter 226: A VULGAR CONVERSATION AT THE TABLE
Chapter 226: A VULGAR CONVERSATION AT THE TABLE
Cane stayed like that for another minute, until the clamoring sounds from outside became even more lively. 
But, the moment he let her go, he returned to his usual self. There was no trace of vulnerability on him. He looked as calm as ever and seemed even more taciturn, as he held Iris’ hand before they walked out of the room. 
"Stay with me," Cane said, but Iris didn’t respond to that. 
She stared at his side profile and felt down. Until when would he continue to act that everything happened between them had never happened? He would never mention it, nor would he acknowledge it. 
She was sure that he said something, she could feel it when he was saying something against her shoulder, though she couldn’t hear it. She really wanted to know what that was. 
But, there was no way Cane would ever tell her. Iris felt her heart constrict, she stared at the way he held her hand, but said nothing to him, as both of them walked toward the main hall, where the King and the Queen, so did his mistresses and all the royal family members, would be there. 
The party tonight was so lively and just like any other party, you could smell sex and alcohol in the air, though many people would prefer to watch attraction and amusement, as they gobbled up endless savoring dishes, delectable food and good wine that came from the royal kitchen. 
Iris sat down next to Cane at a large and long dining table, which was occupied by around fifty people. All the mistresses stood behind their men, while only the official mates would sit at the table, accompanying their men. 
And because Cane only had Iris with no mistress whatsoever, it was a distinguished sight, because no one stood behind them. 
Aside from the royal family, the Royal Beta, the Royal Gamma, the Royal Advisors and the King’s five right hand men were allowed to sit there. They flanked the King and Queen, as their mistresses stood behind them. 
Additionally, there was Lou, who was sitting next to princess Osana. The merchant grinned at Iris when he saw her and waved his hand, as if they were long time best friends, but Iris pretended she didn’t see that. 
Next to the King was the Crown Prince, Alan, with his official mate. He couldn’t stop glaring at Cane from the moment he entered the room. Someone must have warned him not to provoke the Alpha beforehand, since it was quite uncharacteristic of him to keep his mouth shut. 
Iris looked around and was stunned to see how many mistresses each of these men had. Even the King himself only brought his twelve most favored mistresses, while he had many more. Iris was doubtful he even remembered them all. 
Cane put his plate in front of Iris, in which the meat had been cut into smaller pieces, while he took her plate. 
"Thank you," Iris muttered. 
He only let go of her hand when it was time to eat. The Alpha looked a little bit conscious of himself, he kept glancing at his hand, just in case that strange black wisp would appear again. They were surrounded by people, who would love to tear them into pieces once they caught a mishap, thus he couldn’t afford it. 
During dinner, Cane didn’t say anything, he would raise his glass and drink his wine when there was someone who wanted to toast, but he would glance at Iris every now and then to see whether she could hold her liquor or not. 
Sure enough, after the third glass, Iris started feeling a little bit tipsy. Her face turned red and her body became so warm. Seeing this, Cane asked the servant there to give her juice instead. 
Still, he didn’t say anything to her. 
The deeper the night became, the wilder and more vulgar the conversation was. Iris stopped reading what they were saying at some point, because it only made her feel uncomfortable, until Cane spoke something and she realized someone finally pushed him to engage more in the conversation. 
"Alpha Cane, how come you have marked and mated your mate for half a year now, but she is not yet pregnant?" Jeremiah asked with a mocking grin on his lips. He was a little bit drunk now, while one of his mistresses kissed his shoulder. His mate sat down next to him. She lowered her head, so she wouldn’t see that. "You should take a mistress, just in case she can’t bear your child." 
Jeremiah was one of the King’s right hand men; he hailed from the Golden Light pack in the west kingdom, the same area where the Red Claw pack was. 
Golden Light was the most populated pack and had the largest area in this continent, thus all the royal guards came from this pack, as they had many people there to be trained as the guards or warriors.
Hearing that, Cane’s eyes turned slightly darker, but his expression remained the same. "I was too busy, I will pay more visits to her bedroom," he replied simply. He said it in a way that it was his fault to not visit Iris often. 
On the other hand, Iris missed the first few sentences of the conversation, but when she realized Cane spoke to someone, she raised her head and paid close attention to her surroundings. 
"You should take precaution, after all, she is a runt, probably she had a problem in her reproductive organs and she can’t bear any child," Jeremiah slurred. He started laughing lightly, followed by the others. 
"Having a few mistresses is good for you, Alpha Cane," Archie, the King’s advisor chimed in. He himself only had two mistresses, but he had a lot of slaves. He was already so old, though. Some of the slaves could even be mistaken as his granddaughters instead. "You are the last in your bloodline, after all." 
Iris felt her heart racing when she heard those words, as she looked at Cane’s expression. She knew very well that no matter how many mistresses Cane had, he would never have a child of his own, since it had been confirmed that he was sterile.
###Chapter 227: SHE PLEASED CANE
Chapter 227: SHE PLEASED CANE
"Having a few mistresses is good for you, Alpha Cane, after all, you are the last in your bloodline," Archie, the King’s advisor chimed in, which made all of the people at the table voice their demeaning opinions, urging Cane to take a mistress. 
"There has never been a runt in decades, we don’t know if she can get pregnant for real." Another voice came from one of the King’s sons. They were so drunk and became so bold. 
"I don’t think Alpha Cane will visit his mate’s chamber often, she is Alpha Gerald’s daughter after all." It was Alan, who joined in the commotion. This was his favorite topic to be brought up whenever they talked about Cane. The Crown Prince held his grudges so well against him and his people. 
On the other hand, Cane was silent, he didn’t utter a single word and instead, holding Iris’ hand, he put their clasped hands together on top of the table for everyone to see, yet they didn’t think much about this gesture. For them, Cane was too reserved for a man. He should let loose a little bit. 
However, Cane was in an awkward position. He couldn’t openly defend Iris about the fertility, because things would escalate quickly if they learned he was the infertile one. After all, he used this reason to take down Mason from taking the position as the Alpha. 
The fact that Mason had been castrated and couldn’t produce any heir was what stopped him from being appointed as the Alpha of the Blue Moon pack and left the King and a few other alphas tongue- tied. 
But, if they knew, the same reason would be slapped on his face and the next thing that would happen was; they would live in their nightmare again. 
"You have met with Nala before," King Aeon spoke. He had his young queen on his lap, though Queen Della didn’t seem to enjoy her position, as the old king kept touching her body. "I am sure you can have something more with her." 
Nala was the chief royal guard’s daughter. She was the young woman that was thrown at Cane in the previous dinner and even though he showed no interest in her, the King thought otherwise. 
And without waiting for Cane’s response, he ordered someone to bring Nala into the room. 
Sitting next to Cane, Iris looked at the Alpha. He still looked so calm, as he stared at their hands together, deep in thought, and didn’t seem to care about the provocative words that were thrown at him. 
Iris didn’t hear what other people said this time, as her focus was on him, until Cane raised his head, his eyes ablaze with ire. He stared at the King directly. 
The look left the King startled slightly. It was so rare to see someone who was way more dominant than the Sovereign himself, yet he was too old to get frightened so easily, especially when he held the highest power in the room. 
However, despite the acrimony in his eyes, Cane’s voice was actually so gentle and polite. "There is still one year and a half before the due date. I will make sure to let you know about her pregnancy before anyone else, since your concern about her fertility bothers you so much, My King." Cane smirked and then added. "She will get pregnant even before the rumors about the dark magic and the lycan are solved." 
Cane said that in a joking way, but everyone went silent and the situation turned slightly awkward, since he brought up the very sensitive topic that the King was so adamant not to talk about. 
The meeting he held that morning was also to discuss how to get rid of such rumors, instead of doing an investigation about the truth of it. King Aeon also dismissed the fact that the palace had been attacked by the monsters this morning, he immediately drew a conclusion the guards didn’t do their job well, thus they were executed on the spot by the royal warriors. 
All of these events were wrapped so tightly. 
Therefore, for Cane to bring up such a topic would only antagonize the King. They thought the King would holler and punish the Alpha, but he didn’t do anything, yet rage was so clear in his eyes. 
Little did they know, there was another deal behind the doors between the King and Alpha Cane regarding the north kingdom and the Asturi stem, which rendered the King cautious against him. 
On the other hand, Lou watched everything unfold, but his eyes would always come back to Iris. He gauged her reaction and how Cane held her hand and this made him furrow his brows. During this time, not even once Iris directed her eyes at him. 
Thankfully, before the situation became even more suffocating than this, the guard came with Nala. She was a beautiful girl with hair as dark as the night sky. She had a beautiful and sweet smile on her red lips as she waltzed into the room. 
The way she carried herself left every man there awed, as their focus was on her. 
It was not only about an arrangement, if the King could put one more person beside Cane as his mistress, it would be a great thing, since the Alpha gave a death sentence to Aria. 
The news came as a shock for the King, since he didn’t think Cane would be so heartless to actually get rid of her by killing her. 
"I recall you had a good time with Miss Dmitri yesterday!" King Aeon guffawed, he slipped his hand into the Queen’s dress, while she tried to keep her dress down, so she wouldn’t reveal her skin in front of so many people here, yet she was helpless in the face of the King’s desire. "I am sure she will be a perfect mistress for you!" 
Instinctively, Iris wanted to pull her hand away from Cane’s grip. She didn’t know what happened at dinner yesterday, because she slept throughout the night, but she didn’t feel comfortable knowing this young woman pleased Cane.
###Chapter 228: A MISTRESS
Chapter 228: A MISTRESS
Iris didn’t know what happened yesterday night at the dinner that she didn’t attend, but what the King said threw her off guard. 
King Aeon talked in a way that insinuated the young woman named Nala had pleased Cane and they had a good time. She was not that na?ve to not know what he was trying to imply. 
Her heart skipped a beat when she imagined what might have happened between them. 
Iris was well aware that she shouldn’t develop such feelings, since this was what other women felt whenever their man took mistresses. It was a tradition, so the bloodline wouldn’t die, since they said blood was thicker than water, but to its irony, siblings would kill each other for highest power. 
More so, their mate bond was not something that happened because both of them wanted it. Neither of them consented to it. It happened because Iris was at the wrong time and wrong place that night. 
Meanwhile, Cane kept holding her hand, even when Nala came closer to him and despite Iris’ effort to retract her hand away from him, he held her firmly. 
What is it? Is he afraid that the dark wisp will appear? 
Iris finally stayed silent, but her expression showed how she felt. It was hard to hide it. On the other hand, she should have known her position, even clearly when Aria was still Cane’s mistress, but she didn’t think much about it, since Aria was with Cane even before she met him. 
But now it was a different thing, Nala looked perfect. She was tall and elegant. She was also not deaf like her. More so, she was not a runt. All of a sudden, Iris felt a burst of jealousy that she couldn’t explain gnawing at her heart, something that she had never really felt before. 
Yet, there was nothing she could do when Nala came closer to Cane and smiled sweetly at the Alpha. 
Nala remembered how she was so scared of him yesterday night and didn’t dare to do much to attract his attention, but right now, she was under the pressure to impress him and make him want her, so she could be his mistress. 
It was an order that her father got from the King and she should execute the plan well, or else, her father wouldn’t have a good time in the court if he incurred the King’s ire for failing this plan. 
"Should I sit next to you, Alpha?" Nala looked more confident now. This was the second time she met him, thus the scar on his face was not as intimidating as before. She had prepared herself for this. "I would love to accompany you." 
Nala didn’t even spare a glance toward Iris, who was sitting next to Cane, as the people around the table cheered for her, provoking Cane to take her there and then, telling him how attractive she was. 
Right beside Princess Osana, Lou didn’t seem bothered by the vulgar words that were being thrown right and left. His focus was completely on the red haired girl, who was on the verge of tears. She felt so humiliated, because when they cheered for Nala, these people were also demeaning her in the process.
"I am sure she is not pregnant yet because she doesn’t know how to please a man in bed!" 
"She is too innocent for you, Alpha. After years being with Gerald, you must find her not challenging at all!" 
"I bet Nala will make you cum again and again throughout the night!" 
And there were more similar things that they said because Cane didn’t budge. He didn’t even glance in Nala’s direction, as he kept his eyes on his hand that was holding Iris’ on the table, deep in thought, as if there was nothing that could distract him from his own world. 
And for Iris, she had stopped reading what they said, as she stirred her soup that had turned cold with her free hand, but as time passed and no matter what things they said, Cane still stayed silent and she became curious why he didn’t respond at all? 
Beside Cane, Nala felt a little bit awkward because she was openly ignored, despite her sweet words that she said and how she whispered to him, telling the Alpha what she would do to him in private, she would do it here if he wanted to, he didn’t give her any reaction. 
In the end, the King lost his patience and slammed his hand against the table. He was enraged for the disrespectful behavior Cane showed to them. 
"What do you mean by this?!" Everyone went silent and finally Cane lifted his head to look at the King. "You should be grateful that I gave you her as your mistress! She is from a prestigious family in this capital city!" 
Having a mistress like her could be a means to gather power and influence, but Cane was very clear about the King’s intention to place Nala by his side. 
"I am grateful, but I don’t think I will have time to pay attention to another woman, since I am too busy with the problems in the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack," Cane replied politely. He was smiling at the King, something that he rarely did in front of other people. But surely, the smile didn’t reach his cold eyes. "I will rather put my effort into getting my own mate pregnant." 
Nala felt awry in her position, she really wanted to disappear, because what Cane said really embarrassed her. It was a rejection. This was the first time she got rejected, since every man that she met would praise her saying how beautiful she was, not to mention how she wouldn’t have a hard time bringing them to her bedroom. 
And after saying that to the King, Cane shifted his attention to Nala, who was standing beside him. 
"You can stand behind, if your intention is to be a mistress, you should know that only an official mate will be allowed to sit in this dinner setting." 
A wave of shock coursed through everyone present.
###Chapter 229: CANE’S STRANGE AFFECTION
Chapter 229: CANE’S STRANGE AFFECTION
A wave of shock coursed through everyone present when they heard what Cane said. Their faces fell and they were slightly worried for the Alpha, as they stole a furtive glance at the King. 
Princess Osana narrowed her eyes, during this dinner, she had been paying close attention to this pair of Alpha and Luna, and now her gaze became even more complicated, it was unclear what she was thinking. 
Meanwhile, King Aeon’s expression only turned darker, black veins popped up on his forehead, as his grip on his queen, who was sitting on his lap, tightened. He was livid beyond words, rightly so after hearing such a rude response from Cane. 
After all, he should be grateful that the King gave Nala as his mistress after he lost one due to dark magic. It could be said that the King gave him a grapevine to be connected with the royal family, but Cane didn’t need that, he was already a part of the royal family after all. 
Queen Della grimaced, she bit her lips tightly to prevent herself from screaming in pain because right now the King’s claws dug into her hips. 
But to everyone’s surprise, the King let go of this matter. He let it slide completely ignoring how rude Cane was to reject his grace for him. 
Instead, he guffawed, as if he found Cane’s response very funny. "I guess, you have a particular taste for you to reject such a beauty like her!" 
The King waved his hand, indicating Nala to retreat, as she stood behind Cane, just like the other mistresses. 
"Yes." Cane nodded, he was smiling gently at the King, the kind of smile that was only for formality. "I like her red hair and blue eyes the most." 
If it was not for the problem with the Asturi stem and the waves of monster attacks in the north, Cane wouldn’t be able to act so brazenly like this in front of the King and would still keep his polite front. 
However, it was the King’s fault to corner him and force him to respond that way when King Aeon shoved Nala to him. It was also a warning for the King, since Cane held his weakness. 
Even so, Ethan’s verdict had not yet been decided, thus Cane still needed to hold himself back a bit and give some face to him to lessen the damage to his image in front of his subjects. 
"How strange, I like the color red too!" Lou chimed in a cheeky tone, as he flapped his cloak, to show them that he was wearing red. This was the only color that he would always be wearing and everyone, who met him before, must have known this. "Apparently, we have the same taste!"
However, his words could imply a double meaning as well. 
"I can see that," Cane replied lightly. 
Meanwhile, Iris was so quiet during the whole banter, as she was still in disbelief with Cane’s blatant rejection to the King’s offer, especially the choice of words that he used, she thought only Redmond would act brazenly without thinking about the consequences, but Cane didn’t seem to mind offending the King either. 
Iris thought that way because she was not aware of the secret meeting between Cane and King Aeon regarding the Asturi stem and the monster attacks in the north. 
"I think both of you can get along well," Princess Osana chimed in, she was all smiles. Her hard expression vanished in a matter of seconds and she appeared like a nice aunt, who wanted to calm the situation, since the tension was pretty suffocating after Cane’s rejection while Lou talked so daringly. 
Even though everyone was laughing, thinking it was a joke, they knew this merchant was trying to provoke Cane. 
Cane nodded, agreed with what she said, but then he added in a casual tone. "As long as he doesn’t touch what is mine, we can get along well." 
Lou grinned when he heard that. "How territorial, typical of a shifter." 
Seeing that, Alan narrowed his eyes at Lou. He thought this merchant must hold a grudge against the Alpha. They could probably work together... 
On the other hand, Cane paid no mind to Lou’s response and instead fixed his attention back on Iris. He spooned some desserts and a few pieces of fruit onto her plate. It was something that none of them had ever done to their mates. A small and insignificant gesture that showed his affection. 
Only, it left Iris slightly confused. He didn’t need to go to this extent. Was he doing this for a show? Iris didn’t know for sure what Cane’s plan was, but she enjoyed the attention that was given to her. 
Even though there was something that made her slightly uncomfortable. Nala’s gaze bore into her head from behind. She was standing right behind them, as she witnessed the display of affection that Cane put on for the people in this room and how he didn’t let go of Iris’ hand if it was not necessary. 
She had never met a man like that before, a man who treated a woman so affectionately, since all the men that she met in this royal palace were only nice to her when they wanted to bed her. 
In the end, it was time for the midnight toast, where they would go out to the balcony and the King and the Queen would greet their subjects. All the royal family members stood behind him while the mistresses were dismissed. 
Iris stood next to Cane, as she pressed her body against him because the night winter wind was so cold. She shuddered slightly, the dark cloak that she was wearing didn’t help to keep her warm. 
Feeling how his mate snuggled against him, Cane draped his own cloak around her shoulders and put his hand on her hip. He drew her closer, without saying anything. 
Meanwhile, below the balcony, Aderan raised his head and stared at the Queen. His eyes were filled with her beauty and how he wanted to snatch her away from the King. He hated it when the King kissed her passionately in front of the people.
###Chapter 230: RUIN ME
Chapter 230: RUIN ME
Past midnight and after offering prayers to the Moon Goddess, the party had turned a little bit wild, where the commoner unmated women could be seen roaming around to find a member of the royal family or any men with prestigious status to spend the night with. 
This was their chance to raise their status to be one of their women and live inside the palace, or have financial support if they liked them enough to keep visiting them. It would be great if they could become a mistress and give birth to a son. 
Those mistresses, who could give birth to a son, would have an easy life. 
Meanwhile, all their women would retreat back to their own palaces or homes and continue to party there. Without their men’s permission, they were not allowed to step out and expose themselves. 
Some women, who were daring enough, would sneak their own men into their bedrooms, since they knew their mates wouldn’t return until morning or noon. 
If they were lucky, they would be able to get out of this little rebellion unscathed, but if they were not, they would be killed along with the men. 
Currently Della had turned down the King’s wish to have her in the other room with his new women. She was sick to see him with countless women and his habit of making her watch him having intercourse with them was beyond nauseating for her. 
"You hurt my hips, I need to rest because this is so painful," Della said sternly. She looked King Aeon in the eyes, as the King’s warriors turned their heads away, giving them space to have this argument. 
Aeon was already in a bad mood and this was the second time he was being rejected, thus out of rage, he raised his hand and slapped Della across her face, so hard, she stumbled on the cold floor, as blood dripped from her split lips. 
Della saw this coming, but she was so stubborn about not being around him and watching his depraved sexual acts with those young women half his age! 
Gritting her teeth, Della didn’t let out any whimper, despite the pain overwhelming her senses. Her whole body was trembling, not because she was scared of the King’s wrath, but because it was hard to contain her own wrath for the way he treated her. 
"Keep this attitude and I will have your head one day!" Aeon barked at her. If it was not for her strong family backing her, he would have gotten rid of her long ago, because recently she had been acting so haughty and denied him so often. "Call Cyan! I want her here now!" 
Cyan was the first mistress, she hailed from the Andelus continent and was the mother of the Crown Prince, Alan. 
If it was not for the fact that Aeon enjoyed Cyan’s company more, he would have surely dragged Della toward the bedroom and forced her to watch him being intimate with his new women for two days straight! Because he knew how much she hated it. 
One of the King warriors immediately left to call the mistress over, who had retreated to her own chamber. 
Della pushed herself from the hard and cold ground before dusting off her dress. She lifted her head with dignity and then turned around, not even sparing a furtive glance toward the King, as if it disgusted her to look at him for a mere second longer. 
Della could feel the animosity emanating from the King and felt his hot gaze on her back, but she didn’t stop walking until she reached her chambers and dismissed all of her ladies; she wanted to be alone. 
Once it was only her and felt how quiet this room was, she collapsed on the bed and cried. She didn’t know why she cried. Was it because of the pain on her hip? Or because of the stinging slap? Or was it because she felt so pathetic and sorry for herself to live a life like this? She felt like trash! 
She hated being here, she hated the tradition, where men could do whatever they wanted, while women needed to be at their beck and call. 
Della balled her fists tightly, as she screamed into the pillow, which muffled the sound, but she stopped abruptly when she heard a soft noise coming from the window before a certain scent hit her so hard. 
She immediately sat down and got off the bed. She walked toward the window with her heart thumping painfully hard in her ears. She was scared of the possibility. 
But, her fears were proven true when she saw how Aderan sneaked into the room. She felt like someone just poured a bucket of cold water on her. It was so brazen for him to sneak into her bedroom when the King’s guards were on standby right behind the door! 
"What are you doing here?!" Della hissed anxiously to see how Aderan entered the room, she went to the window and drew the curtains as fast as she could when she was sure no one had witnessed this. "Are you out of your mind?! Are you crazy!?" 
Della couldn’t raise her voice, though she really wanted to scream at him. If someone saw this and snitched on her to the King, the consequences would be so dire, not only for her, but also for Aderan and the whole Howling Wolf pack.
Not to mention the problem with Ethan had yet to meet with any conclusion and Cane was still trying to find a better way to get a good bargain with the King for his gamma’s life. 
Visiting the Queen in her own chamber would only make Aderan lose his head without any questions asked. 
Cane wouldn’t have enough ammo in his hand to save him and the aftermath would only put the Alpha in the worst place. 
Aderan knew that, but he couldn’t stop himself from coming here and meeting her in person. Since he arrived, he only could see her from afar and the sight of the king kissing her forcefully in the balcony at midnight boiled his blood. He really wanted to pry the King’s hands away from her and skin him alive for kissing her. 
"You must go from here before someone sees you!" Della started panicking, but Aderan hugged her and kissed her gently to make her stop blurting out unnecessary words. He already knew all the consequences and he came here bearing the knowledge his life was on the line. 
Della wanted to push him away, but she couldn’t lie to herself that he was the only person that she wanted. He was the only person that she wished she could be with right now. She felt so safe and right in his arms. And his kiss erased all the pain that Aeon had caused. 
Her heart was in the right place whenever she was with him. 
It didn’t take so long before she gave up and kissed him back. She wished the time would stop and she could be with him forever. She would give up everything to be with him, her title as a queen brought her nothing, but misery. 
"Take me... take me away from here..." Della whimpered, as tears streamed down her cheeks. The painful thought that this moment wouldn’t last forever when she only wanted to live in this moment with her mate suffocated her. She had enough, she couldn’t care less about anything else. "Take me away from this hell, please... I don’t think I can live another day." 
Aderan broke the kiss between them and looked at her intensely, he caressed her cheeks and wiped away her tears, but she couldn’t stop crying, her tears wouldn’t stop streaming down. She was at the end of her rope and in this dark tunnel, the only light that she could see was him. 
"Take me away, Aderan. I will follow you, wherever you go. Take me away from this hell..." Della cried even harder, as her whole body started trembling. 
Her split lip because of the slap had healed, but Aderan still could see the stain of blood on her chin. He licked her blood and kissed her neck, but he didn’t answer her plea. 
"Aderan, please... I think I am going to die if I have to live another day here..." She implored him. This was an impulsive plea, as she was not thinking straight right now. Her thoughts and emotions were all over the place. 
"I can’t, my love... I can’t take you away from here..." Aderan said in a defeated tone. He looked at her apologetically. 
If Della was sane enough, she would realise. Both of them knew how impossible it was for them to be together and run away somewhere within the King’s territory to hide. There was no place on this continent that was safe for them. 
Della fell to her knees, as she covered her mouth with her hand, so she wouldn’t attract any attention from the guards outside with her wails. 
"I am sorry, I am sorry for not being strong enough to protect you. I am sorry for not being able to do anything right for you..." Aderan hugged her so tight, he could feel her pain and his own pain. He cursed at their situation. How could they be destined mates when they couldn’t even be together in the end? 
But, Della suddenly stopped crying, she slightly pushed Aderan away from her, her beautiful black eyes were filled with determination when she undressed herself and it surprised Aderan when she stood stark naked in front of him. 
"Ruin me," Della said sternly. "I want you to ruin me. I want you." If she had to die for this, so be it.
###Chapter 231: RUIN ME (2)
Chapter 231: RUIN ME (2)
"Ruin me," Della said sternly. "I want you to ruin me. I want you." If she had to die for this, so be it. She was so desperate to get away from this hell-like life that she had been living for years. Not to mention the tradition, where the men could get whatever they wanted without any consequences. But when the women did the same, only dire fate awaited them. 
Della wanted to do what Aeon did to her. It was a slap to his face whenever she was with Aderan, because the King thought he had her under his thumb. 
She wanted to do it with multiple people, which would give her delight because it would humiliate Aeon, but then she couldn’t bring herself to do so since she had Aderan. The thought of betraying him was way more terrifying than the thought of betraying the King. 
"Ruin me, Aderan. I want you not to hold back." There was a desperation in Della’s voice. She was not thinking straight. If she was sane enough, she would have insisted for him to leave this room immediately, but she didn’t want to be alone, she wanted him here. 
The thought of Aeon having multiple women in his bed while forcing herself to watch him was very humiliating! 
"Don’t say something like that," Aderan said, he narrowed his eyes, as he took the dress from the floor to cover her body, but Della slapped his hand away. Her eyes were ablaze with fury and it was her anger that demanded this insane request. 
"You don’t want me?" Della felt her throat constrict at the thought. "Am I not desirable enough?" 
Probably, what Aeon had done finally got under her skin, which destroyed her self esteem without her knowing it and now if her own mate didn’t want her, it would completely destroy her. 
Aderan furrowed his brows and kissed her deeply, he caressed her neck gently, while muttering. "You don’t have any idea how much I want you, Della." 
"Then don’t hold back." Tears started streaming down her cheeks. 
"You don’t know what you are asking for." 
"I know." She couldn’t care less what would happen next. 
"Do you have any idea what I am going to do to you?" 
Della didn’t reply to that question, as she started to yank at Aderan’s clothes, which made the warrior growl in a low voice. 
Their kisses became firm, molding their lips together, as he traced her nakedness with his fingers. There was this overwhelming need to see her, to touch her and to have her. He had been holding back for long without any chance to be together with her like this and now, this was a precious moment between them. 
Aderan yanked her hair gently, as her black hair cascaded down her bare shoulders and back, covering her breasts. She looked so beautiful, dazzlingly beautiful under the light of luminous pearls and torches. The noises from the party seemed to fade away when they succumbed to their own world. 
Della wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned back with him until she was lying on the cold floor, but she didn’t seem to mind it. 
Both of them were panting when their lips parted and Aderan’s smoldering eyes stared at her intently, which made her blush. 
"Why are you staring at me?" 
"I want to kiss every single inch of your skin." She was so stunning. "You are so beautiful." 
Della was delighted to hear that. She had never heard such lovely words from anyone else, except from him, not even from her parents or Aeon when he was still infatuated with her. 
She raised her hand and stroked his hair, as she twisted it between her fingers and Aderan groaned in response. 
Grasping her hips, he dropped to his knees, as he ran his tongue up to her navel, which made Della tense and aroused her further. 
Della fisted his hair once more, as he nipped on her hip bone, her eyes closed shut, she was panting heavily. 
"You smell and taste so good," Aderan murmured against her skin. The talk that Della always wanted during an intimate moment. How he told her how beautiful she was and how he appreciated her. It was not just about lust and getting the deed done when she was with him. 
Della started grinding herself against him, as he pinched her nipple and rolled it gently between his thumb and forefinger. She gasped loudly when he leaned down and sucked her nipple hard before clamping his teeth around it. 
Aderan slipped his index finger down and slowly circled around her opening... she was so wet. 
"You are so wet. Heavens, I really want you..." Aderan raised his head and met with her eyes. She had this mystified look on her, but it didn’t take long to shatter it because when he thrust his finger inside her, she cried out. 
Aderan thrust into her again, swallowing her cries with his open mouthed kisses. He pressed his palm to her clitoris, pushing down, as she cried and writhed beneath him. 
If one of the servants came or the King was done with his new women sooner and decided to return, he would find his queen being fucked by a mere warrior from the Howling Wolf pack, an ex slave of the Blue Moon pack. How humiliating it would be for him. 
In his rage, neither of them could see the sun tomorrow, yet they had thrown their worries to the wind, as the only thing in their minds was to be with each other. 
Perhaps when their minds got cleared enough, they would finally see how reckless their actions had been, but right now, they were blinded by their own pain, as they sought comfort in each other. 
Abruptly sitting up, Aderan growled as his eyes darkened at the sight of his mate. "Pull your knees up." 
Della did what she was told and Aderan positioned himself, so he could take her at his whim. 
"I am going to fuck you now, my Della," Aderan said possessively and with one forceful thrust, he buried himself deep inside her.
###Chapter 232: THE SIGHT OF HER
Chapter 232: THE SIGHT OF HER
After midnight passed and the party became so wild, where people leaned more toward their animal’s instinct and those men from the royal family and the prestigious families started to hunt down women for pleasure, Cane pulled Iris back to their bedroom. 
"Change your dress," Cane said, as he rummaged through the wardrobe, in which Hanna had stored their belongings there, and found the clothes that he was looking for. 
What Cane gave her were a warm shirt and a pair of pants, the kind of clothes that she would wear when she was horse riding. The Alpha also started to undress himself. He threw the formal robes away, as if he couldn’t bother with them, he was impatient to get out of such clothes. 
Seeing that, Iris avoided the sight, she blushed and then went to the bathroom to change her dress into the clothes that Cane gave to her. 
However, the problem was; the kind of dress she was wearing needed someone else to help her untie the cord behind her back, which she couldn’t reach by herself. 
"Are you done?" Cane knocked on the door after he waited for ten minutes and she still had not come out. They needed to leave now. 
His original plan was to leave Iris in their bedroom, while he would sneak out to take care of his business, but he couldn’t do that anymore after the appearance of the strange dark wisp that came out from his palms. 
It was only Iris, who knew about this and he didn’t intend to let anyone else learn such a thing about him, not even his beta and gamma, at least not now. 
Therefore, he needed Iris to be close to him. It was like something that was given in this situation. There was no proof that she was the reason the dark wisp disappeared, but ever since she could tame the lycan, subconsciously, Cane believed she might have the same effect on some particular matters. 
Iris alone was a mystery. How could she do that? 
"Iris?" Cane knocked again because there was no answer from inside, but soon after the door was opened, Iris’ face appeared. She looked anxious and surprised to see him. 
However, she was still in her party clothes. 
"I think, I need help..." she said timidly. She didn’t know where Cane wanted to take her, but she knew that he was in a hurry and she couldn’t keep him waiting any longer. 
Cane frowned, but Iris opened the door wider and turned around to show her back to him. 
"I can’t untie it," she said in a small voice, as she gathered her long, auburn hair to her left shoulder, showing her neck and he could see how his mark peeked through the laced collar.
Cane stopped himself from wandering his eyes on his mark and focused on the complicated tangled cord on the back of her dress. He frowned. 
The Alpha was clueless. 
However, in the end, he simply tore the dress to make it faster. It made Iris gasp when she noticed his reckless action as she swiftly turned around. 
"You ruined the dress!" Iris was shocked that he did that to this beautiful dress. She really cherished it, but how could Cane know about that? He just wanted to get things done quickly. 
"Change your dress," Cane said simply, as he pushed her inside the bathroom lightly and closed the door for her. 
Despite having seen each other naked, Iris was very self conscious of her body and Cane knew about that. He saw the whip marks on her back again when he tore the dress earlier and this made him grit his teeth, as his eyes turned murderous. 
On the other hand, this time, it took Iris less than five minutes to change her dress into the shirt and pants that Cane gave to her. She walked out of the bathroom and Cane handed her another layer of clothes. 
It was a black pullover made of wool, which could keep her warm and after that, he gave a dark cloak for her to wear, as he covered her hair and half of her face under its hoodie. 
"Don’t raise your head and show your hair or face," Cane warned her. He didn’t mean to take her on this journey, but he couldn’t leave her alone either. Actually, it was not for her, and more for himself. 
Iris nodded, right now, it was only the tip of her nose and her lips that could be seen. Cane then checked on her once again before he took her hand and guided her toward the window. 
He opened it and the cold wind made Iris shudder involuntarily. She crept closer to Cane, since his body was so warm. 
Just like before, Cane put his hand around her hips and drew her closer, but this time, he lifted her body, as he carried her out of the bedroom through the window. 
Iris was surprised. She was afraid, because it was so high from the ground and if she stumbled and fell, she didn’t think she would be able to make it. 
"Why don’t we use the door?" Iris was too terrified, as she clutched onto Cane for dear life, but once the question left her lips, she knew how absurd that sounded. Of course, they couldn’t use the door. 
But, even though the question was ridiculous, Cane still answered her. "We can’t let anyone know that we are leaving the palace," he said. He tightened his grip on her waist when they jumped to an adjacent building. 
Everyone thought Iris and Cane were busy being intimate behind the closed doors right now. Not to mention how he treated her so well and paid close attention to her, it almost looked like he was infatuated with her. The Alpha even openly rejected Nala and put on a rare display of affection for them, leading them to think that Cane desired his mate and Iris was still his favorite for now. 
Thus, when the two of them retreated early to go back to their bedroom saying they couldn’t enjoy the party, they didn’t find it suspicious. 
Come to think of it, this man is really calculated.
###Chapter 233: SNEAK OUT FROM THE PALACE
Chapter 233: SNEAK OUT FROM THE PALACE
Iris clutched onto Cane, as he held her close to him and despite the cold wind, she didn’t feel that much coldness. 
Cane jumped from one building to the other and avoided the guards, while the party was still so alive down there. It was not difficult to avoid the guards, since they were not on high alert and even slightly tipsy because of too much alcohol in their systems. Their eyes were fixed on the lustful sight around them. 
Iris stole a peek and saw they had run along the King’s palace toward the east gate, which would lead them to the town. She didn’t know where Cane wanted to take her, since he barely spoke anything to her, but at this point, she already got used to this. She also didn’t know why Cane took her and only assumed this must be something related to the magic stones, since that was the only thing that she could help him with. 
Once they were at the end of the building, Cane bent his body and lifted her in his arms, he carried her princess style and jumped down to the ground. 
Iris shrieked because it was so frightening to see how the ground loomed in front of her so fast, but Cane pressed her face into his chest to muffle her screams and continued to run into the woods, heading to the east gate. 
Thankfully, no one heard her screams because of the loud music that surrounded this place and people paid little to no attention to it, since a lot of people were screaming at this moment. 
Cane only put her down when they arrived at the east gate, where they met with Will, Avid and Trion. The three of them were surprised to see the Alpha bringing someone else with him. It didn’t take a genius to know that it was Iris, because of her small figure. They had never seen a shifter so small and skinny like her, she almost looked like a person who was not from this continent. 
"Where is Aderan?" Cane asked sternly. He ignored the questioning looks from the three of them, as he put Iris down. She tried to pull up her hoodie because she could only see her own feet and the ground beneath, but Cane pressed his hand firmly on her head to stop her. He had told her not to show her face and hair, though he was sure the three of them knew it was her. 
"I can’t find him," Will replied, he was frustrated because he couldn’t find the man. He was afraid he ran into some trouble, because it was not like him to ditch his duty. 
"We have looked around, too, Alpha, but we can’t find him anywhere," Avid replied, he had looked around with Trion and a few warriors, but there was no trace of him. 
Aderan was very skilled at sneaking around, it could be said that he was the best, thus it was hard to track him down. 
They gave up looking for him because their meeting time was nearing. They had prepared for this, so they couldn’t call it off just because they couldn’t find him. 
A complicated look flitted across Cane’s eyes. "We will look for him after we return," he said firmly and all of them agreed. "Have you prepared everything?" 
Ethan couldn’t join this because the window in his bedroom was barred and the only exit was the door. It was guarded tightly by four guards and aside from giving him water and food, no one was allowed to enter, not even the Crown Prince. This was the direct order from the King and Alan had been very sour about it. 
Cane took Iris’ hand and the five of them went to the other side of the gate, where they saw five horses waiting for them. 
It was not easy to bribe the palace guards, but if they were originally Cane’s father’s spy, things were not really complicated. 
Cane learned a lot of things from Arthur about those spies that his father had planted all over this continent, but of course, he needed to be careful, after all, a decade had passed and there was no guarantee they still placed their loyalty in his father, not to mention in Cane himself. 
Cane didn’t explain to those curious three men, who were staring at Iris, as he helped her to get on the horse before he too sat behind her. 
The Alpha trapped her between his strong arms, before he vaulted forward. It seemed, they knew where they would go, because they followed him quietly, no questions were asked, as they went out of the palace through a secret door, which led them to a dark alley in the town.
Once they were on the street, where they could only see a few people around while most of the taverns were closed, Cane tapped her thigh, which made Iris lift her head to look at him. 
Holding the reins with one hand, Cane pulled down her hoodie slightly, so she could read what he was saying. "Sleep if you feel sleepy," he said and then covered her face again. 
It would take two hours before they arrived at their destination, thus it was enough time for Iris to take a nap, but she didn’t want to sleep, being so close to him made her nervous. 
Yet, it didn’t take long for her resolve to shatter and she drowsily leaned her back against his chest and closed her eyes. 
The wind was cold, but being trapped between his arms was so comfortable and warm, therefore she couldn’t fight her sleepiness, after all, it was past midnight. 
In the end, Iris snored softly, which made Cane glance at her briefly, but he couldn’t see anything, since the hoodie hid her well. 
Halfway, Iris’ head lulled to the left, which forced Cane to hold the reins with one hand and place his other hand around her body, to make sure she wouldn’t fall. 
He told her to sleep, so she did fall asleep.
###Chapter 234: THE BLIND FATE
Chapter 234: THE BLIND FATE
Iris had another dream about the five swords, but this time, she saw a person in the distance, yet before she could look at them clearly, she was woken up because Cane shook her shoulder lightly. 
Her surroundings were still so dark, it was still night, but they were in the outskirts of the capital city. There were rarely houses along this street. People here didn’t attend the party in the palace, because they didn’t have decent enough dresses and clothes to wear. They were so poor, as if this was the abandoned part of the capital city. 
Cane jumped down from the horse before he helped Iris to get down as well, he took her hand, as they walked. 
But knowing him, it was not clear whether he did this because he didn’t want her to get lost and run into trouble, or for the sake of himself, because he was worried that the black wisp would suddenly appear without him knowing it. 
Iris didn’t think Cane was someone that would do something unnecessary, thus the latter option seemed to be most likely. 
She looked around her, but the hoodie that covered half of her face obstructed her vision considerably, yet the moment she was about to pull it back slightly, Cane stopped her by placing his hand on her head again. She was sure that he said something, but she couldn’t hear it. 
In the end, the only thing she could see was the ground beneath her feet. 
"Is he here?" Cane asked Leros, who was standing in front of a rickety house. 
"Yes, he is inside with Clad." Leros nodded. 
Leros had gone to the capital city first, while Clad joined him after they arrived, because they had a tip this man was here, and it didn’t take long for them to find this person. 
"Hm." Cane then entered the rickety house that looked like walls of which would be blown away by a harsh wind, but Will stopped him. 
"Will you bring her with you, Alpha?" Will couldn’t help but ask, he and the others had been wondering why Iris was here with them, so had Leros. The spy didn’t really like Iris and thought, even keeping the reason being Gerald’s daughter aside, her personality really didn’t suit to be a luna of the pack. She was too timid and couldn’t help Cane with anything. She would only be a burden. 
"Yes," Cane replied curtly, but he didn’t explain further. 
Since they could put their faith in him when they were being tortured and he had been hopeless to save them, then right now they had their blind faith in him, albeit Cane didn’t say or explain anything. Their main focus was to complete a job well regardless of the task given. 
Will said nothing and with Avid, Trion and Leros, he waited outside of the house. Not long after that, Clad too joined them, thus right now, there were only the three of them inside. 
Meanwhile, inside the house, sitting on a chair with both of his arms tied behind his back was a sorcerer. He glared at Cane and snorted disdainfully. 
"This is how you repay me after what I have done for you!" He roared, annoyed because he was treated so poorly. "If I had known you would be so ungrateful, I would never have agreed to help you!" 
This time, Iris raised her head and slightly pulled up her hoodie, enough for her to look at her surroundings and the old man in front of her before reading what he said. 
On the other hand, Cane’s attention was on the old man and he was standing slightly in front of Iris, thus he didn’t stop her from doing so. 
"You ungrateful brat!" The old man cursed at him, as he tried to free himself, but without his hands and magic stones, his magic was useless. 
For a magic user, magic stones were akin to fuel that allowed them to use their power, the more they had them, the better. Therefore, a magic user without magic stones was useless, so was the other way around. Magic stones in the hand of a shifter or non magic user were useless. 
"I would not have resorted to this if you didn’t try to run away," Cane said, his tone so dark. His eyes were fixed on the old man, until he averted his gaze because of his guilty conscience. "Why did you run away from me?" 
"I didn’t!" He denied it too fast to sound reliable, but then his gaze wandered toward Iris, as he squinted his eyes. "Who is she?" He wanted to change the topic, but at the same time, he also wondered about the girl behind Cane. "She is not a shifter." 
Thanks to Gerald, because he was too ashamed to have a runt as his daughter, he tried to the extreme to isolate her, thus aside from knowing he had a daughter, who was a runt, most of the people rarely saw Iris in person. 
Cane stepped in his line of sight to block his gaze, which annoyed the sorcerer, as he glared at him again.
"If you have a magic user with you, why do you need me?!" He snapped. "Let me go now!" 
Magic user. This was not the first time a sorcerer assumed Iris was a magic user. In the auction room, when he got his tattoo in order to gain access to the black market, the sorcerer there also said the same thing. Of course, he didn’t miss that little detail, which made Cane start to think about digging deeper into Iris’ background. 
There was no way a shifter parent gave birth to a magic user, it had never happened before and there was no case like that in this realm. 
However, there was another urgent matter that he needed to take care of first. 
"What did you do to me?" Cane asked him sternly, not allowing him to change the topic. 
"What? You regret it now?! I have told you before about the consequences!" He scoffed derisively. "You are the one who said it didn’t matter whether you turned into a lycan or a monster as long as you can free your people!"
###Chapter 235: HIS TRUE INTENTION
Chapter 235: HIS TRUE INTENTION
"As long as you could free your people and get your revenge, you didn’t mind turning into a lycan or a monster!" The sorcerer growled at Cane. "How ungrateful of you to tie me up like this now! Is this how you repay me?!" 
It was true, he was the sorcerer who had used dark magic on Cane which resulted in him suffering in his lycan form every new moon, in exchange of great power that could match a thousand werewolves, that was how dangerous a lycan was. 
This dark magic was even more dangerous than the one that Aria had inflicted on him, because the after effect of it should be carried by him for the rest of his life. 
"How can you give me such power?" Thinking about it now, Cane found it very suspicious for a random magus to help a slave like him to gain power, which could change many people’s lives. 
Cane was so desperate at that time and he blindly took every chance that he could to make things better for his people. 
But, as a calculative person like him, he knew immediately there was something more to this once he got a grip of himself, especially when this magus tried to run away from him. It was very obvious that he was trying to avoid him. 
"Tell me the truth." Cane didn’t raise his voice. Neither did he touch, nor torture him to get his answer. But the sorcerer could feel a chill run down his spine bumping into those cold eyes. He felt like he was staring into the eyes of the lycan itself. 
"What more do you want to know? I have explained everything to you! I have warned you, but you were ready to go for it anyway even after knowing the consequences!" 
The sorcerer was right, but Cane’s intuition told him there was more to it. "You would not have run away from me if you had nothing to hide." 
"Why should I involve myself with you?" The sorcerer tilted his head, he feigned innocence, but Cane could see through his fa?ade. "I am not interested to be one of your pawns, nor do I want to get roped into your complicated business." 
Needless to say, from the sorcerer’s point of view, he knew Cane wouldn’t stop after taking back his pack and destroying the Blue Moon pack. He had bigger aspirations and he didn’t want to get involved, but then he already got involved from the moment he helped him with dark magic and he was the start of everything. 
The sorcerer looked so smug because he thought Cane couldn’t force him to say or do anything, but he clearly underestimated the Alpha to think that way. 
"I can pack you to the holy kingdom for using dark magic," Cane said, which made the sorcerer start cursing at him again, but he let him vent out his frustrations and seeing how unresponsive Cane was, it only aggravated the sorcerer further. 
"You can’t do that! Do you want to die along with me?!" He snarled at Cane. "Do you really think the Serafim will let you off the hook for using dark magic?!" 
Cane tilted his head. "You used dark magic, there is a proof for that, but there is no proof of me asking you to use it on me." 
The sorcerer gasped in disbelief, how cunning was this Alpha! He actually used the evidence of him being a lycan as a proof to get him hanged! 
"Since I am a victim, I am sure I can get help from the Serafim to get rid of this lycan inside of me." If he was proven as a victim who didn’t get involved willingly with the ritual of dark magic, the Serafim had an obligation to help him. "That idea is not bad," he muttered to himself, which only annoyed the sorcerer further. 
"You are blackmailing me!" 
"I am giving you an ultimatum," Cane corrected him. "What are your intentions for putting the lycan in me?" 
"Because I am kind and pitied you and your people," the sorcerer replied shamelessly. "That’s why I helped you! That was the kindness of my heart!" 
Cane felt embarrassed for him hearing what he said. "LEROS! CLAD!" He called in the two spies that had tracked this sorcerer down. They were good hunters, give them time and they will find what you want. 
Leros and Clad entered the house when they heard their names being called. 
"Yes, Alpha?" Leros and Clad stood a little bit in front of Iris, who followed about half of the conversation, because she couldn’t read what Cane said, since he had his back to her. 
"Find the earliest ship to the Andel continent and bring him straight to the Holy Kingdom," Cane said. This could be a bluff, but if the sorcerer went through with this, he was fully prepared for the incoming crisis. 
After all, if you used dark magic, there would be traces on you, no matter how many years had passed. Someone like the Serafim with divine powers could tell that much for sure and the punishment for a dark magic user was a death sentence. 
"NO! NO! WAIT! WAIT!" The sorcerer panicked, he thrashed his body around to avoid Leros and Clad. Though the two of them didn’t know their conversation and were curious why they needed to send him to the Holy Kingdom, they wouldn’t ask anything about it. "I will tell you! I will tell you!" 
Right now, he was powerless, he was running out of magic stones and without them, he couldn’t do anything. 
"I said I will tell you! Stop this!" The sorcerer was angry. He hated these two people, because they were the ones who caught him and took away his magic stones. 
Seeing he was ready to talk, Cane waved his hand to send Leros and Clad away. "Talk," he said callously, once the two spies had left. 
"What is that?" The sorcerer pointed his finger at Iris.
###Chapter 236: THE FIRST SHIFTER
Chapter 236: THE FIRST SHIFTER
Cane really didn’t have any patience for him and he clearly didn’t want to waste his time. They needed to go back to the palace before someone realized they had gone missing. 
"Talk," Cane said impatiently. His eyes were so cold. 
The sorcerer grumbled, but when he was about to talk, his eyes caught sight of Iris and he looked very shocked. "What is that?!" He pointed his finger at her. 
Leros and Clad had released the rope that tied him to the chair and without his magic, he was only a mere old man, one of them was enough to keep him in check. 
Cane was alarmed, as he turned around and saw the lizard on Iris’ shoulder. She noticed it too late and tried to hide the little creature. Cane frowned. He had told her to hide the lizard, but she actually brought it with her? Unfortunately, he didn’t notice it earlier. 
"What is that? What is that? Show me!" The sorcerer chanted, as he moved forward to approach Iris. Seeing how he was so eager to come closer, she backed away instinctively. "That’s a salamander, right?! I am sure that’s a salamander! How did she get it?!" 
Salamander. 
The sorcerer in the Derelict shop in the black market also said the lizard was a salamander, one of the creatures related to the Serafim. Not many people knew about this. 
"I know that’s a salamander! Give it to me! Let me take a look!" The sorcerer said ecstatically, whether he was pretending just to change the topic or he was truly excited, Cane couldn’t tell, because his eyes shone brightly with genuine interest. 
"Give it to him," Cane said to Iris. It was only the tip of her nose and her lips that could be seen, but she must peek through her hoodie to read what he said, because a second later, she reluctantly gave the lizard to the old sorcerer. 
The creature was a little bit bigger now and the color of its skin was no longer transparent, but dark red, almost like Iris’ auburn hair. 
The sorcerer gasped when Iris placed the lizard on his palm, but the lizard didn’t seem to like him, as it breathed fire and burned his hand, forcing him to drop the creature. 
"Argh!’’ The sorcerer took a few steps back, afraid that this little lizard would burn him again, but instead, the little creature simply scurried into Iris’ cloak and hid inside. "How did you get a creature of the Serafim?! This is impossible! Who are you?!" 
That was the question that Cane wanted an answer for, too, since he was not the first sorcerer that had pointed this out. The Alpha became even more suspicious and alert of Iris’ origin now. 
"No way... this is impossible... but, how can you explain this...?" He muttered to himself, as if he was in his own world, talking to himself. 
"Talk." Cane kicked his leg to get his attention back to reality, because he had been muttering something that he couldn’t decipher for quite some time now. 
"Ugh! You are so bratty! You are so ungrateful!" 
"You told me that already. Now, talk." 
The sorcerer rubbed his aching shin and then sat down on the chair, to which he had been tied up until a moment ago. His old bones couldn’t support him for long. 
The sorcerer glanced at Iris and then beckoned her with his finger. "Since you brought her here, why don’t you let her hear this openly? Come here, little girl." 
"She has nothing to do with this," Cane said, but the sorcerer shook his head. 
"This can be related to her in a way, so just listen." 
Cane asked him about the lycan and the dark magic that he put on him, about this sorcerer’s intention, thus it was questionable when he implied his business could be related to Iris. 
But thinking about the fact that Iris knew about him even more than those people that were very close to him, made Cane decide to get it done quickly as he called her over to stand by his side. Her face and hair were still covered under the hoodie, but she could see what the sorcerer said. 
"Do you know the story of Lu?" He asked in a languid tone, as if he was a grandpa, who was telling a story to his grandchildren. "No? I guess so." He nodded to himself, though none of them answered him. "This story is not famous in this continent, even in the Andel, there are only a few people who know the story." 
"Get to the point." 
"GOSH! You are so impatient!" He grumbled, but then relented after seeing how Cane glared dangerously at him. "Lu is the first shifter, he was a lycan, a cursed shifter, who died because the people in the Andel burned him alive, his soul wandered for hundred of years and I happened to stumble upon his shrine in the Holy Kingdom and since then, his cursed soul possessed me! I was kicked out of the Holy Kingdom because of that lycan!" He scoffed. 
"You were kicked out of the Holy Kingdom?" Cane didn’t know about this information. Meanwhile, Iris was getting interested in this old man’s story. 
"Oh yeah! I was one of the sorcerers in the Holy Kingdom before I was kicked out fifty years ago!" Which meant, the lycan soul had been following him for over five decades. How miserable he was to carry such a cursed soul. "But then, when I met you when you were still a slave, the soul took interest in you." He snickered. "So, I gave it to you." He shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. "If that cursed, troublesome soul wanted to change its masters, do you think I would hold it back?" 
"You used me as the new vessel for the cursed soul." Cane narrowed his eyes. 
"Don’t be so na?ve. I used you, yes, but you used that cursed soul to get your people free and get your revenge, moreover, I warned you and you agreed with it." 
Cane’s eyes darkened, he couldn’t deny that fact. "So, how is this related to her?"
###Chapter 237: I WILL TAKE CARE OF YOU
Chapter 237: I WILL TAKE CARE OF YOU
Because of how scared the sorcerer was of Cane, he blurted out the gist of his situation when he offered to help him. 
However, knowing the truth, it almost seemed like Cane was the one who helped him more, because of how miserable his life had been during the fifty years the cursed soul latched onto him and how eager he was to be free from it. 
This old sorcerer tricked him cunningly. 
But then, there was another question; why did the cursed soul take an interest in him? 
"So, how is this related to her?" Cane asked coldly. Iris was standing next to him, yet he was sure, despite her face being almost covered under the hoodie, she was reading the conversation, as she kept turning her head back and forth, alternating between staring at him and the sorcerer. 
The sorcerer snickered, he looked almost crazy when he whispered to them. "Five hundred years ago, Lu, the cursed lycan inside you, loved a woman." The sorcerer’s eyes fell on Iris, which made her feel a chill run down her spine. "I think Lu found some resemblance of that woman in her, maybe this girl is his lover’s reincarnation, in a way." 
Cane really wanted to turn around and leave this crazy sorcerer after the nonsense that he spat out, but he couldn’t brush off all the things that happened between him and Iris, especially the fact how she could calm the lycan down every time the new moon came, and how Iris could only hear the sound of the lycan when she was definitely deaf. 
Did reincarnation really exist? He didn’t believe such things, because that kind of belief was not something common in this continent, as the majority of them didn’t practice magic and were not really spiritual. 
"And how do you think this cursed soul believed he would meet with her?" Cane asked in a skeptical tone and then added coldly. "I could have killed her." 
That was true, he could have killed Iris like he did her father, since he believed she was a runt at that time and only saw her as Gerald’s daughter, after all, she was too weak to endure a ’simple round of torture’, which didn’t please him at all. 
The sorcerer clicked his tongue. "Lu is very intelligent, do you think he would have allowed you to kill her?" 
Cane narrowed his eyes, he remembered the first thing that lycan did after he saw her was to mark her, making sure they were tied by the mate bond and also secured her position beside him. 
Ck! Cane really didn’t like this romantic development. 
"The Serafim really has to kill you when she knows you are a dark sorcerer." Cane threw him a dagger look. He was not only tricked by this sorcerer, but by the lycan as well. This evoked something inside of him, the feeling of being used, was something that he was very familiar with. 
They said time heals every wound and he wondered how long it would take to heal his wounds. 
"Nah... the Serafim can’t say I used dark magic if she doesn’t investigate and check on me thoroughly, meeting her in person is not a problem." The sorcerer shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. "After all, I was kicked out not because they found out I used black magic. It was because that lycan caused trouble, forcing me to get out of the Holy Kingdom and roam many continents for years!" He assumed the lycan wanted to search for his mate, that was why he created such a ruckus, which caused him to be kicked out. 
"I hardly believed the Holy Kingdom had a sorcerer like you." 
"Hey, I was the brightest sorcerer in my time!" He was offended and then scoffed. "But, even if you bring me to the Holy Kingdom, I doubt the Serafim could tell I used black magic. I heard the divine power that she has was so weak. She is the weakest Serafim in history." 
Cane was not interested in knowing how weak the current Serafim was. 
On the other hand, the sorcerer looked at Cane with resentment, but the feeling was not directed at the Alpha, but the other soul inside of him, but then he shifted his attention toward Iris, as he squinted his eyes. "Who are you? I am sure you are not a shifter." 
"She is a runt." 
The sorcerer frowned, he wanted to deny it, but he was still not sure.
And after getting all the information that he needed, Cane took Iris’ hand and turned around to leave this rickety house, but then he glanced at him over his shoulder. "You will come with me to the Howling Wolf pack." 
This matter was not over yet, there were still a lot of questions that he wanted to ask this sorcerer and he couldn’t do that right now, since time was tight for him. 
"What?! No!" The sorcerer leapt to his feet and strode across the room to stop Cane. If he had his power, he would have attacked this Alpha! "I have finally freed myself from that cursed soul! I want to enjoy my freedom! How can you take that away from me when you know exactly how it feels when your freedom got snatched from your hands!" 
The sorcerer followed him out of the house, where the other shifters had been waiting for them, they looked at the scene with confusion. 
"Hey! Do you hear me!?" Cane abruptly stopped, which shocked the sorcerer, as he took a couple of tentative steps back. "What?!" He barked to mask his fear, after all, he had heard about the final showdown between the two packs. 
"How can you have freedom when you don’t have money?" Cane said bluntly. He knew this sorcerer was broke, that was why he ended up in this sorry part of the capital city. 
At first, the sorcerer was shocked, but then he was embarrassed, which made him angry. "Watch your mouth! I..." 
But, Cane cut him off. "Be the sorcerer in the Howling Wolf pack and I will supply the magic stones you need. I will take care of you." 
The sorcerer was silent for a moment, but then he muttered. "Well, if you insist..."
###Chapter 238: WHAT DO YOU THINK I AM HERE FOR?
Chapter 238: WHAT DO YOU THINK I AM HERE FOR?
Cane left the sorcerer to Leros and Clad, as they would stay in the nearby town, until their time to return to the Howling Wolf pack was up, while he returned to the palace with the other three warriors. Iris was very silent during the journey back and he couldn’t tell what was in her mind after learning such information. 
Meanwhile, the sorcerer was still trying to fight him back, though Cane was confident that his offer was the best option for him, the sorcerer was still haughty to keep a shred of dignity that was left for him. 
He was practically a beggar when Leros and Clad found him in the outskirts of the capital city. 
The sun was almost up at this moment as the sky gradually brightened up in the east, but when they were halfway back to the palace, they saw a hawk circling above their heads. It brought a secret missive. 
Cane pulled the reins abruptly and raised his hand, following which the hawk flew down and landed on his arm. "Take them." Cane handed the reins to Iris unexpectedly, which made her panic a little, as she complied stiffly. 
The Alpha opened the secret missive and let the hawk fly away. He read it and his eyes darkened when he saw what was inside. 
"What is it?" Will asked, concern evident in his tone because Cane’s reaction indicated that the missive did not bring good news. "Something happened?" 
"There is a second monster attack on the palace." 
"A second attack?!" Avid and Trion were flabbergasted to hear that. A monster appearing inside the palace once was already shocking news, but now there was a second attack? 
And this time, with the commoners inside the palace, how could the King hide it? King Aeon had killed dozens of his guards that witnessed the first attack to minimize the chances of the word getting out, but with thousands of people there, there was no way he could cover it up. 
The only thing that he could do now was to resort to damage control. 
Without saying anything anymore, Cane took the reins from Iris’ hands and then vaulted forward, this time faster. They needed to reach the palace before the King sent someone to summon him and question his absence. 
========================== 
The palace looked like it had been hit by a storm when they arrived, many people died and some could be seen crying over the dead bodies of their family or people that they knew. 
While on the other side, there were piles of dead bodies of the monsters. 
They entered through the same gate they used to go out earlier, but this time, they didn’t sneak into their bedrooms, but rode straight to the King’s palace. After all, this situation was too chaotic for them to keep tabs on Cane’s movements. 
Especially when the second wave of monsters looked even more horrendous than the last ones. It almost felt like the north had been destroyed and the monsters there flew here instead. 
However, that couldn’t possibly happen, because the news of it would reach the King first instead of the monsters. So, what actually happened here? 
Once they were inside the palace’s walls, Cane pulled down Iris’ hoodie and told her to take it off, because it would be suspicious if she wore something like this in here. 
"This is... disastrous..." Avid muttered under his breath and from the looks of it, the battle had not yet been over, since in the distance, they could still hear vicious growls as a few extremely large monsters emerged from behind the dense, tall trees. 
"Look for the others," Cane commanded. His expression looked so grim. 
He didn’t order them to join the battle, since he didn’t want to put them at risk. This was the palace after all, there were countless royal warriors, who would be fighting those monsters already and what Cane wanted was to make sure his men were alright. 
Meanwhile, he took Iris toward the other side of the King’s palace’s building. For now, this palace was the safest place, since the King was here, the protection must be so tight. 
"Cane, what about Ethan? Don’t you need to check on him?" 
The battle was still happening and the worst part was in the south palace, where Ethan was being locked inside one of the rooms. 
However, before Cane could answer her, Redmond rushed toward them in his beast form and shifted into his human form once he was in front of Iris. 
"Where have you been!? I have been looking for you everywhere!" Redmond was panting heavily, concern evident in his eyes. He looked almost mad now. 
The first thing that he did when he heard there was another monster attack was to find her, but she was nowhere to be found! The only thing that reassured him was the fact that Cane was with her, since the Alpha had also disappeared. He couldn’t care less about the monsters, as he had been roaming around to find her. 
Redmond didn’t have any idea that she had been actually out of the palace.
"Stay with her and take her to the main hall, the royal family must be there." Cane gave an order to Redmond. 
In an emergency situation, all the royal family members would gather in the main hall, because in there, there was a secret passage that would lead them to the bunker. 
"Of course! What do you think I am here for?!" Redmond was slightly offended. He looked for her for hours to do that after all. 
Cane didn’t heed his sarcastic comment, but there would be a day when Redmond would learn how to hold back his tongue when he talked with the Alpha. 
Meanwhile, Redmond brought Iris to the main hall, yet before they could reach there, she stopped running and then looked at him. 
"Where is Hanna?" If Redmond was looking for her, she was sure Hanna was doing the same thing. 
"Is it time to worry about her? She is just a maid!" Redmond was anxious to get her to a safe place, thus his words were harsh. 
"She is not only a maid for me!" Iris snapped at him, she was mad.
###Chapter 239: SHE DIDN’T HAVE A CHANCE TO BE SAVED
Chapter 239: SHE DIDN’T HAVE A CHANCE TO BE SAVED
The smell of sex was so strong inside the room, as a naked couple laid down on the carpeted floor, while the fire from the fireplace kept them from the coldness. 
There were a few drops of blood on the carpet, which were not really obvious to the eye, because of the color of it. 
"Are you okay?" Aderan asked, he ran his fingers on her back. His bite mark on her shoulder was still bleeding so did his arms, where she bit him down so harshly, as she came undone. 
"Hm..." Della snuggled closer, feeling lethargic. She didn’t want to open her eyes or do anything at this moment. 
Aderan smiled softly at the sight of his mate. He barely managed to avoid marking the spot where the King had claimed her. It would be a great problem if he did. 
They stayed like that for a while, as they shared kisses every now and then, giggling giddily, until there was a series of knocks on the door and a royal warrior’s voice traveled inside the room. 
"My Queen! There is a monster attack! We need to escort you to the main hall!" He said with unconcealable urgency in his tone. "My Queen! Can you hear me?!" 
Della stiffened, but she immediately answered him, before he barged into the room and found this sight. "Give me five minutes! I need to change my clothes!" 
And there was silence, while Aderan started to stand up and put on his clothes in a hurry. Monster attack again? For the second time? This left him bewildered, but he didn’t have time for that, because he remembered he was supposed to meet with the Alpha and the others at the east gate hours ago! 
Shit! He was in big trouble! 
Della was already wearing her night gown and put on a long and thick purple cloak on top of it, as she rushed toward the window and looked outside. A few royal warriors rushed toward the first place, where they spotted the monsters. The sky was so dark, but on the streets, it was so bright, it was even brighter than before.
"You can’t leave through the window," she said grimly. "There are too many people out there." 
Aderan came over and frowned, he was thinking about the alternatives when Della spoke. "Wait here for a few minutes, I will bring all the guards and servants with me, after that, go through the door and run straight to the left, you will find a secret door behind a gargoyle statue, it will lead you out of the building." 
As the Queen, she knew some secret passageways in this palace, which were so many. 
"Okay." Aderan kissed her for one last time, it was a short, but deep kiss. He needed to let her go before he couldn’t control himself. 
Meanwhile, Della looked at him with longing in her eyes. Even though they had spent all night together, she didn’t think she could get enough of him. 
"Go." Aderan caressed her cheek and readjusted her cloak. 
Della looked at him for a while, before her expression turned so rigid, this was the expression that she always showed to the world, as if there was not even a shred of warmth in her. Aderan was the only person that knew how warm she was. 
Once Della was out, Aderan waited for a while, before he came out and ran straight to the left, just like what she said. 
The moment he was out of the building, he shifted into his beast and went to the east gate, but he couldn’t find anyone there before he retraced toward the warrior’s quarters, where all the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack stayed. 
The battle lasted for the whole night, but even after the daybreak, there were still spots that were under attack. 
Meanwhile, in the south part of the palace, a black wolf could be seen dashing toward the towering building, which was none other than the palace of the fourth prince, Prince Vemion, and his mate. 
This palace was also the place where Ethan was being locked. 
Cane needed to make sure his gamma was fine, since those guards wouldn’t give a shit about abandoning their post during such a chaotic situation, while Ethan was still locked inside. 
However, the black wolf stopped in his tracks when he saw Laluna trying to run away from Deadeyes, it was a blind monster in the shape of a serpent. It was not venomous, but once you were in its grip, it would crack all your bones and strangle you to death. 
Currently, Laluna was pregnant, her stomach was so big and it was hard for her to run. She couldn’t shift into her beast either because it would harm the baby, so she was defenseless, while the Deadeyes was coming closer to her. 
Cane didn’t have time to question why she was alone without protection before he rushed toward her and fought the monster. 
There was something vicious about him when the black wolf tore the serpent apart, even after the monster had died, he still clawed on its dead body, before he snapped back to reality and shifted into his human form. 
"Are you okay?" Cane asked, concern laced in his voice. He was slightly trembling because the sight of Laluna right now overlapped with the image of Leane. Both of them were pregnant and they were in danger. 
But, the difference was; Leane didn’t have a chance to be saved... 
On the other hand, Laluna’s face was so pale, she was visibly trembling, so scared to even say anything. 
"Where is Prince Vemion?" That was Cane’s first thought. Her mate should be with her during times like this, that was what he thought, yet the ironic part was; he was not with Iris at this moment. 
Tears started streaming down her face, as she hugged Cane. "I don’t know, he is supposed to be with his mistress right now." There was a trace of embarrassment in her voice. 
Meanwhile, Cane really wanted to push her away from him.
###Chapter 240: SHE NEEDS TO KEEP HER THOUGHTS FOR HERSELF
Chapter 240: SHE NEEDS TO KEEP HER THOUGHTS FOR HERSELF
Cane really didn’t like the way Laluna hugged him. She reminded him of his destined mate, yes, but obviously she was not Leane and he wouldn’t think the similarity was more than the fact that the Princess was currently pregnant. 
Yet, he couldn’t push her away like he wanted to, even so he tried to pry herself off him as unharmingly as possible. 
"We need to get out of here," Cane said lightly, as he patted her shoulder to get her attention, a habit that he developed because of Iris, and slightly distanced himself, because he felt his skin burn with this proximity. He hated so much to be touched so intimately by someone that was not familiar to him. 
Wiping her tears, Laluna let him go and nodded. 
At this point, Cane needed to take her to the main hall, where all the other royal family members had gathered together, which meant he couldn’t proceed to check on his gamma. 
"Oh..." Laluna almost fell when she walked, her legs were so weak, they gave in under the stress of the situation and how scared she was. 
Thankfully, Cane was there to catch her elbow and steadied her again, he observed her briefly and was sure that she was not hurt anywhere, only scared. 
"Can you walk?" 
Laluna tried, but her legs gave away again, thankfully Cane was still holding her elbow. "I am sorry, I think I am so scared..." She felt so embarrassed to admit this, but she didn’t think she would walk quickly enough to get to the main hall. 
"Where are the guards?" No matter what, she was a Princess, thus she shouldn’t be left alone, especially at a critical time like this. 
"They were dead," she said. "There are not many guards here because most of them were called to the most perilous area, where the monsters had appeared last night, especially when there were many commoners inside the palace walls." 
Cane’s jaw hardened, his eyes looked conflicted, but if he waited there or went with her pace, it would take forever for them to reach the main hall and the risk of being attacked by the monsters would be greater. 
Left with no other choice, Cane bent his body and lifted her in his arms in one swift motion. "Pardon me," he murmured. 
Out of instinct, Laluna gasped and wrapped her arms around his neck, her pale face slightly reddened because of this sudden action and the proximity between them allowed her to smell his masculine scent, something that made her heart thump wildly. 
She shouldn’t have this reaction with someone else, except with Vemion, but what Cane was doing and the way he carried her, made her flustered. She bit her lip and lowered her gaze to see his adam apple and from this angle, she could see his hardened jaw. His body was so hard, as if he was built with nothing, but muscle. Needless to say, he must be so strong. 
Laluna witnessed how Cane killed the monster swiftly and ferociously, something that was so rare for a member of the royal family to be able to do, since they had never really faced any monsters or, in some cases, any trouble that required any physical altercation at all in their life. Most of them didn’t really know how to fight. 
Laluna really needed to keep that thought to herself. 
Meanwhile, Cane didn’t have time to pay attention to her. He moved so fast, because he needed to reach the main hall, not only because he wanted to avoid meeting another monster, but also because he had to fight the urge to drop her off from him. 
On the way to the main hall, he saw Will in his beast form. He shifted into his human skin once he got closer to them, because they couldn’t use mindlink. 
"Alpha!" He went here to check on Ethan after he made sure everyone was alright, he even met with Aderan, but neither of them had time to have a conversation about his absence last night. 
"You take her to the main hall," Cane said immediately, as he was about to hand over Laluna in his arms. 
But then, instinctively, she hugged his neck tightly, practically buried her face in the crook of his shoulder, which made Cane grit his teeth. It was getting hard for him not to throw her away. Her being pregnant was the only reason why he didn’t do that. 
"No, please. Don’t let anyone carry me, I will be in trouble if someone sees me with a stranger. He will get into trouble, too," Laluna said hastily, she was really afraid of being accused of infidelity, if she appeared with a total stranger. 
But, Cane was different, he was a royal as well, his status alone would get him out of trouble even if he appeared carrying her in his arms. 
On the other hand, Cane was also aware of that. He felt conflicted, but he didn’t want to waste a second with her so close like this. 
"Go and find Ethan!" Cane said sternly before he started to run again toward the main hall. He needed to check on Iris too, that Redmond didn’t get her in trouble and managed to reach the main hall as well. 
Right in front of the main hall, there were hundreds of warriors, standing on guard and being alert, but when Iris and Redmond reached there, they were denied entry. 
"You are not allowed to enter, only the royal family can go inside," one of the royal warriors said sternly, he was an old man and Redmond recalled he was Leon Dmitri, Nala’s father, the chief of the royal warriors. 
"Her mate is the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack and he is a member of the royal family, too!" Redmond shouted anxiously, as they kept them outside, they barred the entrance, leaving them exposed to danger. 
"Without her mate, she is not allowed to enter," Leon said firmly, his eyes fixed on Iris and to his surprise, the young woman glared at him.
###Chapter 241: TAKE CARE OF MY MATE
Chapter 241: TAKE CARE OF MY MATE
Iris was not thrilled to be denied entrance like this, especially when Leon was trying to paint her in a different way for coming here with another man, instead of her own mate. 
This was what concerned Laluna as well, the reason why she didn’t want to go with Will, because she knew that she would be judged heavily being seen with a stranger and it would lead to a bigger problem if there was someone who fueled the fire. 
Actually, it was such an irony, when the men could get whomever woman that they wanted and take a few mistresses and slaves to satisfy their needs, aside from having their own destined mate, the women would be judged and even accused of heavy crimes, if they were simply seen standing with another man. 
That was the mindset and mentality that was set by the royal family, in order to get the bloodline running, while the Alpha would adopt the same concept, since they were the leaders of their own territories, they thought themselves as the kings in their own packs. 
While commoner women would see it as an opportunity to raise in rank and status, to get a better life and women from the prestigious family could only swallow the bitterness, because their duty was to strengthen their packs with marriage alliances and give birth to the next heir, keep the bloodline running for their men. It would be better if their destined mate came from an influential family, someone with power. 
"If you don’t let me get inside, at least, you should let her in!" Redmond shouted. He had done a great job holding his tongue from cursing Leon out, because he knew he couldn’t aggravate him. He was not clueless, the rumors of Nala being rejected and neglected as she stood behind Cane had been spread. 
Of course, her father wouldn’t do a happy dance and this was his petty revenge on Cane’s mate, since his status didn’t allow him to do anything to the Alpha. 
"You are so devoted for a subordinate! Go back and find another place! Don’t let people know what you are up to!" Leon phrased his words in a way as if there was something going on between Redmond and Iris for being together at this time. 
On the other hand, Iris had been so anxious because she couldn’t find Hanna around here and prayed that she was fine, yet when she read what Leon said, she was even more upset. She actually balled her fists tightly. 
Seeing the change of expression on Iris, Leon was surprised. He heard she was a runt and always very timid, but she actually glared at him now, though she didn’t say anything, her bright blue eyes were suffused with unperturbed anger. 
"Let’s stop this, let’s go to the other Howling Wolf pack warriors," Iris said. If they were fixated on not allowing them to enter, there was no word that could change that and she wouldn’t beg for it, because she knew her action would represent Cane as well and she didn’t want him to be looked down upon. 
She started to walk away. After all, the situation was not as bad as hours ago, there were many royal warriors fighting those monsters and they managed to hold most of them back. 
However, before Iris could leave, she saw Cane come running with Laluna in his arms, as the woman hugged him tightly. 
Iris was already in a bad mood because she was very worried about Hanna and then Leon only aggravated her, thus when she saw this scene, she couldn’t help but feel even more upset. 
The way Laluna held onto Cane was very intimate. 
"Where are you going?" Cane stopped in front of Iris and looked at her, but she avoided his eyes, as she looked at his lips instead. 
"They didn’t allow me to enter, because I am not a royal family member and you are not here," Iris murmured. She tried to keep her expression as calm as she could. 
Cane looked at her and then at Leon Dmitri, who was standing in front of the warriors. He then put Laluna down and pried her arms away from his neck. It was only a few steps away from the entrance of the main hall that was barred, she would be able to walk there, especially when there were so many royal warriors here. Let them help her. 
"Come here." Cane took her hand and tugged her along with him to face Leon. "Open it." He nodded at the bar, as he fixed his angry glare on the chief of royal guards. 
This time, he was running out of excuses and he couldn’t deny Cane’s order directly, leaving him with no other option, but to open it, especially when there was Laluna there. She was pregnant with Prince Vemion’s child, he could be punished for harming the royal bloodline.
With an ashen expression, Leon unlocked the bar and let them in. 
"He is not allowed to come inside," Leon nodded sternly at Redmond after Iris and Laluna entered the protection of the palace 
Redmond rolled his eyes to hear that. "Don’t worry, I am not interested in being protected by you," he scoffed disdainfully, while Leon glared at him. 
"Close the door," Cane said, but he was still outside. 
"Alpha, you are not coming in?" 
Yet, Cane didn’t deign to answer that, as he glanced at Redmond. "You, come with me," he said curtly and then started to shift into his beast and rushed away. 
Redmond threw Leon a mocking grin, before he shifted into his wolf as well and followed Cane. Probably, this was the first time he was willingly following the Alpha. 
Inside the palace, Laluna took Iris’ hand and smiled at her, because she kept staring at the black wolf, until he disappeared. 
"Come with me, we need to be with the other people inside the hall," Laluna said gently and Iris followed her. 
Laluna glanced at the auburn haired woman beside her and recalled what Cane said; take care of my mate, that was what he said when she thanked him profusely for saving her and her baby, also for not handing her over to another man.
###Chapter 242: DREADFUL FEELING
Chapter 242: DREADFUL FEELING
Laluna tapped her hand to get her attention, Iris told her that she could read lips. "Since he couldn’t walk, he fostered many orphans in his palace to keep him company," she explained to Iris voluntarily, because she had been staring at Prince Kellan for quite some time now. 
Currently, they were sitting inside the main hall, across from each other, while Vemian gathered with the other Princes to talk about a few things that Laluna was not interested in, after the Prince hugged her so tightly and kissed her deeply, grateful that she was still alive. 
"Oh," Iris mumbled. She averted her gaze from Prince Kellan, who was sitting on his wheelchair, with two little girls standing by his side. The two of them were not older than ten and twelve years old, they were so quiet and had their heads lowered. 
Meanwhile, Prince Kellan was so calm and charming, his honey brown eyes had a deep gaze and despite being in the wheelchair, he looked impeccable. 
Prince Kellan talked with some Princes that approached him, as he occasionally caressed those girls’ cheeks and ruffled their hair. Sometimes, he would talk to them, as if to reassure them not to be afraid. 
Because of his affection and kindness toward children, even though he was no longer a crown prince, he still held the people’s heart. People adored him for his humanism and good nature; it was a rare trait among the royal family, as most of them only cared about their own children and completely couldn’t care less about commoner children. 
"There are a few more children in his palace, but the two of them are his favorite," Laluna said. She kept explaining things to Iris, just to find a topic to talk about, though she was not really responsive. 
Iris was still distraught about the sight of Cane carrying Laluna and felt so bad because she felt this way, since Cane must have done it to help, yet she couldn’t see her in the eyes. She felt uncomfortable with Laluna and the image that kept replaying in her mind. 
More so, Iris was staring at Kellan not because she was interested in him. She knew about his story and how he had been stripped off his status as the Crown Prince ten years ago. That seemed to be the only dark spot in his perfect image in the public eye. 
She stared at him because she felt dreadful at the sight of him, as if they had met before, which most likely happened when he visited the Blue Moon pack. It was like a distant memory, which she couldn’t remember. 
But this dreadful feeling was so real and she wondered why she felt this way. 
Prince Kellan didn’t attend the new year’s dinner, thus it could be said as the first time she saw him. When he noticed Iris staring at him, he turned around to look at her. She felt a chill run down her spine when their eyes met and immediately averted her gaze. 
She wanted Cane to be here so badly... 
The situation was brought under control around an hour after noon and the bar that locked the main hall was finally lifted, as they were allowed to leave and return to their places. 
Iris saw Cane, as he strode into the main hall and approached her. A smile lit up her face when their eyes met because she felt relief that he was fine. She was worried about him and also uncomfortable with the presence of Prince Kellan. 
But, before Cane could take her away, Laluna stood in front of her all of a sudden and smiled at him, while prince Vemion walked toward them, but he was across the room, thus it took a while for him to reach them. 
"I want to thank you again for saving me, Alpha Cane," Laluna said with sweetness oozing from her tone. Cane looked expressionless, but she had learned that was the look that he always showed to other people, thus she didn’t take offense.
"You have said it already," Cane replied. He tilted his head to look at Iris, but Laluna blocked the sight of his mate again. 
"Yes, but I don’t know how to repay your bravery." Laluna lowered her head, slightly embarrassed because of Cane’s short reply. 
Despite hearing the compliment, the Alpha ignored her, he stepped aside and leaned over to take Iris’ hand and pulled her to his side and then turned around to leave. There was another business that he needed to take care of, such as; Aderan. 
Yet, Laluna grabbed his other hand instinctively to hold him back. "Wait." 
Out of reflex, feeling someone touch him abruptly, Cane swatted her hand, even before his mind could register that it was a harmless touch. Thankfully, it was not harsh enough to injure her, but enough to make Laluna’s hand feel stung. 
Cane frowned, he turned around and faced her again. "What is it?" 
"I just wanted to invite you for dinner in my palace when you have time and if you don’t mind," Laluna said sheepishly, she couldn’t hold Cane’s gaze, thus she looked at Iris instead. "I think we can be friends," she smiled at her and Iris smiled back out of politeness. 
"Thank you, you can arrange it with her," Cane replied curtly. "If there is nothing else, we will take our leave." 
Right at that time, Prince Vemion approached them and informed Cane that there was a meeting with the King that he needed to attend before dinner. 
"Everyone will gather here, make sure you also come." Vemion then thanked him again for saving Laluna. 
"I will," Cane replied and then nodded to the two of them. "Excuse us." He seemed very impatient to take his leave, thus they didn’t stop him again. 
Cane took Iris back to their chamber, but before she left the main hall, she could see the way Laluna stared at Cane stealthily and that made her frown. She didn’t like it. 
For some reason, Iris didn’t think she wanted to be friends with her.
###Chapter 243: SHE WONDERED IF THEY COULD HAVE A CONVERSATION
Chapter 243: SHE WONDERED IF THEY COULD HAVE A CONVERSATION
Iris followed Cane back to their chamber silently, she didn’t say anything and kept her head down. It was clear to see that she was not happy about something and the Alpha could feel that, too. 
He glanced in her direction a few times, but she didn’t even bother to look at where they were going and only stared at the floor that she walked on. 
It was not usual for Iris to be like this, because she would usually talk about something, like telling him what happened in the main hall or anything. She would try to ask or engage him in a conversation, especially after a big incident like this. 
But right now, she was exceptionally quiet. 
Was she so scared, thus she couldn’t say anything? This made Cane slightly frown, because it didn’t seem like it. 
Once they returned to their bedroom, Cane put his finger under her chin, he lifted her head, so she could read what he was going to say. 
But, the words stuck in his throat when he saw her eyes. Those blue eyes looked slightly darker while her lips were pressed into a thin line. Was she... angry? 
Cane couldn’t tell, because he had never seen her angry before. He also didn’t think she was capable of getting angry, since the woman before his eyes always looked timid and soft spoken. So, what made her angry? 
"Something happened in the main hall?" Cane changed his question and he could see how Iris blinked her eyes and tried to hide her emotions, she shook her head. 
But, she was not a good liar and Iris knew that Cane didn’t buy it, thus she made a desperate attempt to change the subject. 
"I can’t find Hanna, can you please ask someone to find her?" It was not a lie, she was really worried about her and the fact that she couldn’t find her personal maid while Redmond only attempted a half hearted search to find Hanna, didn’t make her feel better. Iris wanted to know if Hanna was alright. 
"Okay," Cane agreed. He assumed Iris was in a bad mood because Hanna had gone missing. He then stretched out his hand so fast to catch something from her shoulder and grabbed it firmly, almost very strongly, which could crush the thing in his hand. 
Iris was startled to see his movements, but then she gasped in panic when she saw the lizard. "Alpha! You can suffocate it!" She cried. She tried to pry Cane’s fingers open, but she couldn’t. In the end, she lifted her head to look at him timidly. "Can you please let it go?" 
Cane stared at Iris’ little face for a while, which made her feel a little bit nervous. She lowered her gaze to stare at his lips instead, because his eyes were too intense. 
"I have told you not to show this to anyone else. Aside from the people on our way to the black market, no one should know about it," Cane reiterated what he said when they were inside the cave, especially the creature’s origin. 
However, Iris had shown it to Hanna and she let her friends see it too. Right now, she was hit by a guilty conscience for forgetting something that Cane had warned her about. 
"I am sorry," Iris said in a small voice. 
Cane wouldn’t know that Iris walked around with the creature hidden in her clothes if this little lizard didn’t show itself when they met with the sorcerer. Meanwhile, Iris couldn’t make this little lizard stay still inside the pocket anymore because it was getting bigger and the space inside the pocket no longer suited its size. 
"I don’t want this to happen again," Cane said sternly, as he handed over the pitiful lizard, which immediately scrambled away and hid inside Iris’ curls. 
"Yes, I will pay attention to this," Iris immediately replied. She thought Cane would be so mad and for a split second, she imagined he would do something horrible to her to vent out his anger. In her subconsciousness, she got used to thinking that when someone was angry, it would result in physical violence. 
Cane showed her that he was capable of doing so when they were in the library. 
But at this point, she forgot the reason why he got angry at that time and the event had also long been blurred in her mind. She tended to forget things that hurt her and now what happened in the library was akin to a distant memory to her. That was how she coped up with all of her pain and trauma. 
"Stay here." Seeing how remorseful Iris was, Cane didn’t say anything anymore and turned around to leave, but Iris suddenly grabbed his cloak to stop him. 
"Actually..." Iris stumbled with her words, she looked so scared when she told him this, but she must. "Actually, Hanna showed the lizard to a few friends of hers back in the pack..." her voice only got smaller and smaller when she let him know this. She fearfully looked at his icy expression. 
For a moment, Cane was at a loss for words. She completely forgot his warning, but to see how afraid his mate was to tell him about this, he was even more speechless. 
Iris was waiting for Cane’s response to what she said, but the Alpha only stared at her before he raised his hand. She flinched when she caught the movement from the corner of her eyes, thinking that he would hit her because of how stupid she was to forget it. 
Cane saw the way she flinched and his eyes darkened slightly, but all he did was just caress her head lightly. He then left. 
He didn’t say anything as usual and left Iris with more questions about his actions and what was in his mind. 
For a long time, Iris stood rooted in her place, staring at the closed door. She touched her head. She wondered, whether there would come a day Cane explained his actions, or even had a proper communication with her. 
And the image of the way Laluna stared at Cane flashed in her mind, and her mood turned even more dour.
###Chapter 244: I WILL GIVE MYSELF TO YOU
Chapter 244: I WILL GIVE MYSELF TO YOU
"Master, are you alright...?" Sabian was trembling in fear to see his master vomit a mouthful of blood. His face was extremely pale. He almost looked like he was on the verge of dying, as he was panting so heavily. "Wh- what should I do? Should I call a healer?" 
Yet, Lou glared at him, since he knew a healer would be able to tell that he was a sorcerer. That was the identity he didn’t want to reveal to anyone else. 
Seeing that harsh glare, Sabian immediately clamped his mouth shut. He waited for Lou’s order instead of suggesting something that could incur his ire. 
The cause of Lou’s condition right now was the backlash of his magic. As a matter of fact, the portal that he created to call for the monsters was reopened again, because Sabian couldn’t close it properly. 
That was the reason for the second monster attack. 
And what made the merchant speechless was the fact that he couldn’t control his power. The portal drained his magic power and sapped away his strength. If the sorcerer from the palace didn’t find the portal and close it in the nick of time, he would have died by now. 
What a tragic death that could be... he could have actually died because of his own plan. 
But even now, he couldn’t figure out how the portal turned so strong, as if there was another power that provoked it, but since he was the creator of it, it was his energy that had been sucked away. 
His attempt to hasten the King to agree to the research on magical devices that he offered had backfired on himself. He didn’t mean to kill those innocent people. 
"Ck!" Lou clicked his tongue in annoyance, before he barked an order to Sabian. "Go to Alpha Cane and tell him I want to state my repayment for saving his mate’s life!" 
"Yes, yes, I will go now, master." Sabian immediately scurried away. 
At this time, the sky had turned red, as the sun almost disappeared in the horizon, leaving a burst of red color in the sky, which was a beautiful sight to see, yet no one paid attention to this beauty. 
Meanwhile, in another part of the East Palace, Princess Osana was sitting on the sofa, while Will was standing before her. He looked uncomfortable and almost like someone who would dash away from this place at the first chance that was given to him. 
However, the Princess stared at him with a sweet smile. "How can I repay you for your bravery?" 
"There is no need for that, Princess," Will said. He was trying to be calm, but all of his nerves were very tense. He didn’t like the way she looked at him, it made him feel like he was her prey and that brought back bad memories to him. 
The reason why he was here right now among all other places was because he saved her from the monsters on her way to the main hall. Her royal warriors were overwhelmed by the ambush of the monsters and almost failed to protect the Princess if it was not for Will who came in time and saved her. 
He was on his way back to the other warriors after checking on Ethan and made sure that he was alright. The Gamma was locked inside the room, but all the guards were gone. 
Thankfully, no monster had any interest to barge in. They joked for a while about how sucking the Gamma was that even a monster didn’t have any interest in him to lessen the tension. 
Yet, when Will left, he stumbled upon Princess Osana and saved her, which led him to this moment. He was starting to regret his decision to save this nasty woman... 
"Can I leave, Princess? I am sure the other people are looking for me now. I need to meet my alpha." Will tried to make his voice sound even, despite his desperation to get out of this room. 
Princess Osana took him into her private bedroom, which set an alarm off in his head. He knew the unspoken rule. Only a private business that would be done in a private room. 
"You have not yet answered my question." Princess Osana stood up from the sofa and sauntered toward him. 
Will felt so sick. This bedroom smelled like her and he hated this kind of sweet scent. He hated it even more when she came closer and stood in front of him. He breathed raggedly when her hand caressed his shoulder lightly. 
"Pr- princess, I need to leave." Will could hear the desperation and anxiety in his own voice. He lowered his head and stared at his shoes, while she was standing so close to him. 
"State the price for saving me, young man." The sight of how Will looked so scared only excited her even more. She liked to be the dominant one and this man was so perfect as an to be dominated. The more he was scared of her, the more she found it compelling. 
This time, Princess Osana’s finger ghostly touched his neck, which made him flinch. He fought the urge to claw her face or break her fingers. 
"Ten golden coins!" Will finally said. He blurted out a random price because he wanted to get done and over with it. He couldn’t care less about the amount, as long as he could get away from here. 
Hearing that, Princess Osana stopped caressing him for a moment, before she burst into a fit of laughter. "Ten golden coins?!" She asked incredulously between her laughs. "Is my life so cheap in your eyes?" 
Will gritted his teeth. He kept his head down, because he had this urge to rip her mouth apart, thankfully, he was still sane enough not to do that. The sound of her laugh grated on his nerves disturbingly. 
"My Princess, I will accept anything you give me that you see fit." Will finally managed to squeeze the words out of his mouth. 
Princess Osana stopped laughing and thought about it for a while. "Since you saved me, why don’t I give myself to you as your reward?"
###Chapter 245: KISS ME
Chapter 245: KISS ME
Will was a timid boy when he was little. He was sweet, a typical peacemaker among those shifters, who would love to brawl and talk loudly. 
A decade of slavery didn’t seem to curb that trait in him, though he was no longer as timid as before and became more outspoken, those years broke something in him, just like the others. 
And right now, the way Princess Osana stared at him and touched him, forced him to relive the nightmare again. He was too disdainfully familiar with such gaze and touch. It suffocated him. 
"My Princess, I will accept anything you give me that you see fit." Will balled his fists tightly, until he could feel his claws stab into his palms, in order to stop himself from murdering this woman. The very sight of her repulsed him. 
"Since you saved me, why don’t I give myself to you as your reward?" She smirked coquettishly and tilted her head. She acted like she was in her twenties, though decades had passed since she was that age. 
Will trembled, his eyes stung, as image after image flashed before his eyes. 
He thought he would be free once Alpha Cane took over the Howling Wolf pack again, but what had happened still left a huge scar on him and he didn’t feel like he would be the same, but now he found himself in such a situation again and he was stuck, hopeless, unable to fight back. 
"I will not dare..." Will said, his voice was so small, he could no longer keep up with his pretense to be calm. 
Yet, this was the sight that aroused the Princess, she became even bolder when she took off her robes. She wasn’t wearing anything underneath. 
"I am not used to taking back words that I have already said, so I hope you won’t either." Will had said that he would accept anything that was given to him and right now, Princess Osana wanted to give herself to him. 
She made her advance and raised her hand to touch him, but out of instinct, Will slapped her hand away, so hard, which in the process injured her hand, as blood oozed out from the wound. The sight was disturbing, especially when he realized what he had done. 
Will had actually clawed her, he was so defensive and once he felt he was threatened, his first instinct was to fight. 
Yet, the sight of blood on Princess Osana’s hand, slapped him back to reality. Her blood dripped onto the carpeted floor and stained it. 
"Pr- princess, I didn’t mean..." The words died in his mouth. He meant it. He wanted to kill her, but his sanity screamed at him, reminding the consequences of his actions. 
Meanwhile, Princess Osana was shocked, but then her lips curled into a wicked smile. "I have given myself to you, but not only do you not appreciate being able to share a bed with a royal family member, but you dare to hurt me. Do you know the consequences of hurting a royal family member?" 
Will was absolutely aware of that, after all, that was the reason they had been summoned to the palace to begin with this time around. 
"Can you imagine what the King would do to your precious alpha and pitiful pack if my king brother learned about how you showed your claws and injured his little sister?" Princess Osana enjoyed the sight of Will, she knew how to tame a young man like him. Fear always worked on them to keep them in line and bend to her will. 
"I saved your life!" Will growled in a low voice. He should have let those monsters maul her and rip her filthy body apart! 
Meanwhile, the wound on Princess Osana’s hand started to heal. 
"And now you are a threat to my life," she said simply. 
A myriad of emotions flashed in Will’s eyes, as he stared straight into the Princess’s eyes. She was naked before him and even though she was almost two decades older than him, she kept her body in good shape. 
Yet, when Will finally spoke, his eyes dimmed, they were empty, as if there was no more emotion that he could feel. "Kill me, Princess. If it pleases you, you may kill me." 
Hearing that, Princess Osana laughed again, she liked this man so much now. The desperate words that he said were something that rang beautifully in her ears. Nowadays, no men showed such utter despair, but at the same time, Will fought himself to not kill the Princess. She could see how his claws emerged dangerously and stabbed into his palms, as it drew blood. 
It was in the middle of winter, but the room was so warm, as the bright fireplace raised the temperature, yet Will could only feel the coldness. 
"Do you really think your death will solve it? Can’t you see this situation clearly?" Princess Osana tilted her head, reached for her hair and let it cascade down her body. She had brown, long hair that covered her nakedness and the light from the fireplace gave an illusion of how beautiful and seductive she was in her youth. 
"You are in my room. I am naked and you hurt me." She listed out ’his offenses’ languidly. 
Will could be accused of forcing himself on her and the King would twist and make the best of this situation to press Cane down and get a hold of the Howling Wolf and the Blue Moon packs. Of course, the King didn’t care about the people, he only cared about the mines. 
"Could you bear those consequences? Will your conscience allow it?" Princess Osana moved forward and ran her fingers down his cheek. He flinched again, but didn’t attack her. "Kneel." 
Will knew what was coming next, as he knelt down. He had done this before and he could go through this again now. This was nothing. He had done it countless times in the past. That was what he said to himself. 
"Good." Princess Osana patted his head, as if he was her pet. "Kiss me down there..."
###Chapter 246: THE WAY YOU PLEASED YOUR MASTER
Chapter 246: THE WAY YOU PLEASED YOUR MASTER
"Good." Princess Osana patted Will’s head lovingly, as if he was her pet. "Kiss me down there..." her voice turned into a whisper, as she stared into his dead eyes and reveled in his despair. 
Life had been very cruel to them and they thought they finally had hope for a better world, only to find out it was crushed completely. The reality told Will that he was still shackled to his nightmares and he was still a slave. 
The world as it existed today was a very, very dangerous place and the royal palace was like a swamp, it was hard to guess and discern what was happening there. 
Will stumbled back when he felt a sharp pain on his cheek and blood dripped from his wounds. Apparently, Princess Osana slapped him harshly, while she didn’t shy away from using her claws. 
"Do it properly!" She barked, she was unhappy now because Will didn’t do his job well. The corners of her lips tugged into a mocking smile. "You have done it before, why are you being so timid now?" 
Princess Osana came closer and looked down on Will, who was still on his knees. The wounds on his cheeks started to heal, but blood stained his clothes. 
"Please me the way you pleased your master before and maybe I can give you another reward." Princess Osana still saw herself as a reward for him. 
Her rank was way above Will, as he was just the personal guard of the Alpha, so it was his honor to be able to touch her and please her. Princess Osana ran her fingers through Will’s hair, which made him tremble, as she guided him to her entrance. 
"Yes, like that... yes... you are so great! Ah!" Princess Osana moaned in delight when she could feel Will started doing it right. "Yes! Right there... Mmh..." 
========================== 
Aderan coughed so hard when Cane finally released him. The Alpha was livid beyond words when he learned where he had been when he was supposed to leave with him and the others to the outskirts of the city. 
He really wanted to kill him right now and Aderan knew that. He knew his mistake clearly and also what kind of risk he might have put them through if he had been caught. Therefore, he said nothing and accepted his alpha’s wrath. 
Cane was just a second away from strangling him to death, before he snapped out of it and released him. Aderan’s situation right now was no different from Aria’s. They did what they had done out of impulse, but the consequences of their actions would be something that even their deaths wouldn’t be enough to offset. 
Cane just killed Aria less than a month ago, which made him restrain himself from killing Aderan right there and then. As unfit as it sounded, he didn’t want his people to die one by one in his own hands. 
"Alpha, I know my mistake, I will accept all the punishment." Aderan lowered his body, he practically prostrated himself before his alpha. "Even if you ordered me to kill myself." He closed his eyes. He was remorseful about the danger that he might have put them through, but he didn’t regret the time he spent with his mate. 
Cane closed his eyes and kicked him so hard, Aderan’s body collided against the wall as he sprawled on the floor across the room. 
Meanwhile, the few warriors there didn’t say anything, as they watched their alpha lose it on his personal guard. 
It was obvious that they couldn’t interfere and even if by some miracle they could calm the Alpha down, they were reluctant to do so after learning what Aderan had done. 
Aside from Cane, nobody knew that the Queen was Aderan’s destined mate, they were only told it was his mission to get close to the Queen and get important information from her. 
However, they didn’t think Aderan would be stupid enough to approach her in her bedroom, while the royal guards or anyone could catch them in the act anytime. 
Aderan breathed raggedly, though he was not dead, he was sure a few of his ribs were broken and it would take a few hours before he could fully heal. Broken bones took a longer time to heal. 
Yet, during this whole ordeal, Cane didn’t utter a single word, which made everyone feel on the edge of their sanity, as the tension was so high. The Alpha’s wrath made it hard for them to breathe. It could have been better if he was cursing or causing some damage to let out his anger. 
But this silence was killing them from inside. They didn’t know what would happen next. 
The silence stretched for a long time in this small hall near the warrior’s quarters. There was no one around here except for them, because the royal warriors were too busy to do damage control after the second attack and the King was furious, because he couldn’t control the people or keep this incident from the public anymore. 
"Everyone leave," Cane finally spoke. He spared them the agony of staying, but of course, Aderan knew he was not part of ’everyone’ that could leave, as he stayed, curling his body on the cold floor. 
Meanwhile, out there, they could see it was snowing and the temperature had dropped again. 
"You better have something to tell me, aside from your adventurous lovemaking." Cane prowled toward him, his eyes were ablaze with anger. 
Aderan immediately nodded, he pushed himself from the ground and knelt down properly before Cane, his whole body was trembling and he could feel the sharp pain every time he breathed, but then, ignoring the pain in his chest and stomach, he blurted out what he had gotten during his brief conversation with Della. 
At the very least, he still remembered his duty. 
"She said, the King’s spy is someone from the Blue Moon pack. She overheard the conversation between the king and Princess Osana." 
Cane narrowed his eyes. Princess Osana. He had been curious about her part in this whole mess and the King’s schemes, since he didn’t have much information on her, but now he knew. 
"Lady Cyan used to visit Princess Osana as well."
###Chapter 247: HE DIED
Chapter 247: HE DIED
Princess Osana laid down on her side lazily, as she covered her nakedness with a blanket, while staring at Will as he dressed up. 
"Come here..." Princess Osana beckoned him with her finger and he went closer to her like a lost soul. The Princess then took off her favorite ring from her finger and put it on Will’s. "I like your company, this is your reward." She pushed herself from the bed and kissed him on the lips, but there was no response from him. 
Yet, it didn’t anger her. The deed had been done and just like she said, she liked him in her bed. He knew what to do with her body. Not to mention the despair she saw in those eyes, as if she had killed something inside him. She was fond of this kind of sight. 
"You can buy a mansion with this. But, I suggest you sell it in the black market, or else, someone will think you stole it from the royal family," she giggled happily like a teenager, while Will didn’t say anything. "Visit me often and I will give you more things like this. You don’t need to be your alpha personal guard anymore. I will make it so that you don’t need to work for the rest of your life. All you need to do is to please me." 
Princess Osana ran her finger on his inner thigh, but this time, Will only stared at the ring with empty eyes. 
"Can I leave?" He asked. His voice was even, actually it was almost scary, since he didn’t show any emotions after the ordeal. 
"Ah, I want to keep you for a little bit long, but your alpha will make a fuss if I don’t let you go." She clicked her tongue in annoyance and kissed him again. She licked his lips and forced her tongue into his mouth, but Will didn’t have any response to that. 
He sat there silently, letting this princess do whatever she wanted with his body, while his mind was somewhere else. 
His mind replayed the memory when Hanna took her time to meet him at every chance that she could get on their way to the capital city. How she sneaked out for a few minutes just to ask how he was and listen to him talking about his boring day, as if it was a great story that she should pay attention to. 
He remembered the way she smiled, or how easy it was for her to make him smile, thinking his day would be better with her, that he would feel better with her close to him. 
Or the day when she saved his life. 
That night was the night when Will had been raped by ten savages, he was barely alive at that time and if it was not for Hanna, who found him on the verge of death, he would have died, because he was bleeding so much and didn’t have any strength left in him, nor did he intend to strive to be alive. The pain turned him numb and he waited until he eventually died on that quiet night. 
Will was twenty one at that time and they were in the fifth year of slavery. It was hell and it was only their undying faith in Cane that he would be able to get them out of the misery that kept them holding onto that shred of hope and alive. 
It was Gerald and Mason’s brilliant idea to let ten savages rape him. They reenacted what they had done to Ethan two years prior. 
Will still remembered what those savages had done to him and the way they touched him. How they got their pleasure from his body over and over again. He lost count how many times he lost consciousness only to wake up for them doing the deed without stopping. They didn’t hold back at all. 
However, at that time, he wished he had died. He wished the suffering ended that night. 
And that was when Hanna came. 
Since then, she was the only person that could make his life a little bit bearable, his heart always beat faster when he saw her. He would always have his eyes on her. 
However, no matter how heartening it was to know that she had the same feelings for him, sometimes, he would hear the way Gerald and Mason laughed at him, among the labored breaths of the savages when they reached their climax by using his body. 
The memory flashed in his mind when Princess Osana did the same thing to him, yet he could only freeze under the assault. Wishing it would end soon. 
He wished his life would also meet its end. The fact that he was still alive was very disappointing. 
Princess Osana was finally done kissing him and she smiled coquettishly. "You can go now." 
Will said nothing and stood up, he walked toward the door and left, as if nothing had happened, but something inside him died in that wretched bedroom that was filled with the smell of sex. 
Life left his eyes even when his body was still very much alive. 
The walk toward the warrior’s quarters was a long one, but Will didn’t remember how he could find his way there and the only thing that was in his mind was to report back to his alpha, his mind worked on the fact that he had a duty to finish, deflecting what happened in the last four hours. 
"Will, where have you been?" Trion approached him immediately when he saw him. He did not realise how lifeless he seemed. 
"Where is the alpha?" Will asked, his voice was even, but it sounded so distant. 
"He is with Aderan, you shouldn’t approach him now..." Trion tried to stop him, but Will swatted away his hand callously and only then he realized there was something wrong with this man, thus he didn’t stop him. 
Will walked toward Cane and Aderan, who was still kneeling on the hard and cold ground, while snow piled up on his head and shoulders.
###Chapter 248: SOMETHING HAPPENED TO HIM
Chapter 248: SOMETHING HAPPENED TO HIM
"Where have you been?!" Cane barked at Will when he saw him. 
Aderan missed their assembly and caused trouble, and now what kind of trouble did Will bring to him by returning so late?! 
Cane was not in his right mind now. There was a lot of rage and resentment that he was trying to hold back, so he wouldn’t inflict more damage. He suppressed those feelings, but he felt like he was going to explode anytime soon. 
On the other hand, Will didn’t even flinch when he replied. "I am sorry, I am late." 
Cane narrowed his eyes and saw the blood that stained his clothes. It was the blood from when Princess Osana slapped him and clawed him in the process. Seeing that peculiar thing, the Alpha closed his eyes and tried to rein in his emotions. 
A sight of blood would never be a good thing. 
"Leave us," Cane said to Aderan, he was done with him and now, he needed to face another one. 
Aderan nodded solemnly and immediately walked away, ignoring his body that was still screaming in pain. He knew that he deserved this. 
Once it was only the two of them in this small hall, Cane turned his body toward Will. His dark, bottomless eyes were fixed on him. 
"What now?" Cane’s voice was so icy, you could literally feel the coldness when you heard him. 
However, Will was already dead inside, not even the coldness of the winter night wind could make him shudder. He stared blankly into the distance, looking at nothing in particular. 
Cane was able to see this peculiarity and as an observant person, he could say something dreadful had happened to him, thus when Will didn’t reply to him quickly, he waited, until he spoke on his own, just like when he faced Iris. He waited for them to do things at their own pace. 
"Alpha, please allow me to leave the palace," Will finally spoke. "I can’t be here." 
Cane narrowed his eyes. "Something happened to you?" He came closer, but Will took a step back instinctively, his facial expression changed slightly and Cane was very familiar with this. 
They had gone through many gut- wrenching and sorrowful moments together. He knew Will a little bit better than the rest, that was why he took him as his personal guard, someone that he trusted his life with. 
"Who has done it to you?" Cane asked through his gritted teeth, even rage couldn’t explain what he felt right now to see his personal guard looking like a shell of himself. 
This time, Cane observed Will a little bit closely and found two things; a ring on his finger and a strand of brown hair on his shoulder, close to the stain of blood. 
He moved quickly and grabbed his hand before Will could back away. He then took off the ring from his finger and the strand of hair from his shoulder. 
Will winced, he fought the urge to shift and attack the Alpha. 
Thankfully, Cane didn’t linger long, as he let him go after he took those two things and stepped back, giving him the space he needed. 
Will saw what Cane took, his heart skipped a beat, he swallowed so hard and tried to speak in his trembling voice. He knew that Cane could tell who it was. 
"Please, Alpha... don’t give me the same task that you gave to Aderan." He would take his own life if he had to repeat what he had done with Princess Osana. 
Aderan seduced the Queen and gained information from her, but Will couldn’t. He couldn’t do that. He was not going back. 
"Go to the town and stay with Leros and Clad," Cane dismissed him. 
He would never do that to him. Aderan did that willingly because Queen Della was his destined mate. No one, aside from him, knew about this fact, but it was not the same case with Will. It would be a death sentence for him if Cane sent him back to her. 
Hearing that, Will nodded, but he said nothing when he walked away. 
Cane stared at his retreating figure until he disappeared in the dark. The two things were still in his hand and from a closer look, he knew whose ring was that. He saw it in the new year dining hall. 
Princess Osana. 
Her name would be carved along with the King and the Crown Prince’s in his never ending list. People that he would love to get rid off from this realm. 
Cane wanted to make things impeccable and take it slowly, but it seemed he needed to speed up his plan before everything was unintentionally destroyed by his own men. 
There was a lot of pain and he was too reckless to think they were fine, since they acted and conversed normally, as if those years had never happened. 
He should have known that they would never be the same anymore, it was too early to assume they had finally healed in the span of a mere six months. 
No different from him. It would be too farfetched to say that he could find himself again. 
Cane turned around and walked toward one of the warrior’s bedrooms to find a quill and some ink, as he wrote to the sorcerer. He put the strand of hair inside the envelope along with the letter and a magic stone. 
"Go with Will and make sure he is with Leros and Clad." He handed the letter to Aderan. "Give this to the sorcerer." 
"Yes, Alpha," Aderan said in a small voice, he was still feeling guilty for what he had done. 
And with that, Cane dismissed his personal guards, away from the palace. Things didn’t look so great in this place and when he was about to rub his face with his palms, he saw that dark wisp emanate from him again before he heard a soft knock on the door. 
"Alpha, Sabian, Sir Lou’s personal servant, is here, he wants to relay a message from his master," Trion said from behind the closed door.
###Chapter 249: TOUCH ME AND I AM GOING TO KILL YOU
Chapter 249: TOUCH ME AND I AM GOING TO KILL YOU
"Alpha. Sabian, Sir Lou’s personal servant, is here, he wants to relay a message from his master," Trion said from behind the closed door. 
Meanwhile, Cane was staring at the dark wisp that emanated from his hands, his expression looked so bleak, as all blood drained from his face. He needed to meet with the sorcerer again and ask him about this, he must know something. 
But, the problem was; he couldn’t leave the palace grounds the few following days with how messy the palace was after the second monster attack. 
The ceremony for him and Iris most likely would be canceled or postponed. Cane couldn’t care less about that, because that was not his main reason to be here, but the fact that they had to stay a little bit longer in the capital city irked him to no end. 
"Alpha?" Trion knocked on the door again because there was no answer from inside the room. 
"Don’t come!" Cane growled, he snapped back when he saw the door handle being twisted, as the warrior tried to enter the room. He balled his fists tightly, but the dark wisp didn’t disappear. "Ask him what he wants, I don’t wish to see anyone for the meantime!" 
Trion stopped himself from opening the door and backed away to relay what the Alpha said. He came back a little later to deliver the message. 
"Sabian said that his master, Sir Lou, wishes to see you, he wants to discuss the repayment that you promised him," Trion informed the Alpha from behind the door. 
"I will meet him tomorrow evening," Cane replied, his eyes still fixed on the dark wisp emanating from his palms, as his beating heart rang in his ears. 
Trion then hesitated when he spoke again. "Sir Lou wishes to see both you and the Luna." 
When Cane heard that, his sharp gaze shifted toward the closed door, he glared at that innocent piece of wood, as if it had wronged him and somehow, Trion grimaced, as though he could feel the enmity from his Alpha. 
He waited for a long time before the reply came. 
"She is sick!" The answer was very curt, but Trion didn’t dare to question him again. He delivered the message to Sabian and told the old man that. 
====================================== 
"When You have a lot to protect, sometimes, you have no choice but to be heartless," the sorcerer clicked his tongue in annoyance when he received the letter from Cane. 
Along with the letter, he got a strand of hair and the magic stone, as he snickered derisively. 
"You threatened to take me to the Holy Kingdom for using black magic, but now you are ordering me to perform it again?" The sorcerer shook his head. "You really want to stir trouble." 
All of the things that happened recently were only a coincidence, a few unexpected incidents that happened out of anyone’s expectation, out of their plan and right now, they were trying to make the best of this chaotic situation by turning it into their own favor. 
And as a calculative person, Cane, of course, wouldn’t stay idle and not take this opportunity to thrash the royal family while they were down, after all he had been spreading rumors about black magic and the appearance of the dark sorcerer and the lycan. 
"Whose hair is this?" The sorcerer didn’t have any idea whose hair it belonged to, because in his letter, Cane didn’t say anything about it. 
But, whatever it was, since his fate had tangled up with Cane’s, he only needed to do what he was told. 
Yet, the fact that Cane only gave him one magic stone irritated him. He didn’t give him enough power to be able to run away, only enough to do his task. 
Especially, when there were two extra warriors that guarded him now. His chances to escape were close to zero. 
"You petty, little bastard, ungrateful alpha!" The sorcerer surely took his time to cuss Cane to his heart’s content. 
=============================== 
Cane stayed inside the room, unbothered, while his warriors were walking on eggshells, because they didn’t know what the Alpha would do after he dismissed his two personal warriors and his gamma was still locked, waiting for the final verdict. 
They felt there was something big going on with Aderan and Will, while they knew what happened with Aderan, they were not sure about Will, but from the look of his face, they noticed the personal guard of the Alpha was not doing great. 
For hours, Cane stayed in the same position, waiting for the dark wisp to disappear. He even skipped dinner and even though one of his warriors told him that he was being summoned by the King, he simply told him to pass the message he was not there, thus aside from his people, no one knew about his whereabouts. 
Only after an hour past midnight and Cane was about to give up and order someone to bring Iris there, the dark wisp gradually dissipated and faded away, eventually, it disappeared. 
"Five hours." It took five hours to make the dark wisp disappear without Iris’ help. 
However, he was not sure whether the duration was a concrete or tentative thing. It could be longer next time and the time it would appear was very unpredictable, not like when he shifted into his lycan form. 
He felt spent when he finally stood up and left the room, he wanted to return to his bedroom and lay down next to his mate as soon as possible. 
There were too many things that happened and he had not had a blink of sleep since yesterday night. 
Therefore, when he saw Nala blocking his way in the corridor, he felt this urge to smack her head against the wall to get rid of this woman. 
"Alpha, I didn’t see you in the dining room, have you eaten?" Nala asked in her sweet voice. She was still under the mission to get on his good side and her father insisted on the importance of this assignment for their family. 
"Touch me and I am going to kill you," Cane warned her darkly when Nala moved closer to him.
###Chapter 250: THE PEACE THAT HE CRAVED
Chapter 250: THE PEACE THAT HE CRAVED
Cane’s scattered mind couldn’t stand the sight of Nala, he didn’t even remember her existence and all he wanted to do was to rest next to his mate. 
"Have you eaten?" Nala asked with concern in her beautiful eyes. 
But, her sweet voice rubbed Cane in the wrong way, especially when she made an attempt to touch him, seeing how unwell he was. 
"Are you okay?" 
"Touch me and I am going to kill you," Cane warned her darkly. 
That warning managed to stop Nala in her tracks, as her hand howered midair. She stopped herself, feeling scared stiff to notice malice in Cane’s voice, as if he was going to keep his promise if she really touched him. She immediately retracted her hand. 
The Alpha didn’t even raise his voice when he said that, but he didn’t need to, because his intention was so clear, Nala could see that right in his eyes, which forced her to lower her gaze, afraid to look at him directly. 
Cane felt like he was only a step away from going crazy with all the troubles that surrounded him and this unpredictable event with the monster attack, though he could gain something from it, still, it made him stray from his original plan, especially with the problem with Aderan and Will, not to mention Ethan and this mysterious dark wisp. 
"I am just worried about you," Nala said in a timid voice, but Cane simply walked past her and didn’t even bother to spare her a glance, as she watched his retreating back. 
She heard what Cane had done today to save Princess Laluna, as the Princess gushed to her how the Alpha protected her so well, she even said something along the lines; I really wish Vemion is like him. 
Hearing that only made Nala become even more curious about this alpha. She had been thinking about him and how well he treated his mate during the new year dinner. The fact that he only had one mistress, Aria, and now didn’t even take one after he lost her, was something that was not usual for a highborn shifter. 
Yet, Nala didn’t have any clue how to get close to him when he was being this difficult. If it was not beauty and sex or even her family background, then what actually could entice him? 
Meanwhile, Cane forgot about her completely once she was out of his sight. He felt his head throb painfully, he wished for a good night rest. Some peaceful sleep that could allow him to escape reality for a little while, a sleep that was free from nightmares. 
He didn’t wish for any good dreams, but at least, he wanted to be spared from the agony of reliving a nightmare. 
Once he was inside the bedroom, he could smell Iris’ sweet scent and this calmed him down a bit. He closed his eyes and breathed evenly. 
There was this doubt in his mind that the attachment he had for Iris came from the lycan. Somehow, this cursed soul was spellbound to her. 
A while later, Cane took off his cloak and changed his clothes, before he joined Iris on the bed. She was sleeping soundly with her back facing him. 
Out of instinct, Cane drew her close to him, as he buried his face in the crook of her shoulder. It was so peaceful. She was the peace that he craved. 
But, because Cane was outside for long, his body was so cold, thus when he touched her, it startled the sleeping Iris, especially when she was very sensitive to coldness. 
Iris opened her eyes with a start and turned her body around. 
"A- alpha?" Sleepiness and surprise evident in her voice. 
"Hm." Cane didn’t mean to wake her up. "Sleep." He pulled the blanket and covered her body, before he hugged her again, thus she didn’t make direct contact with his cold skin. 
If this was in the past, Iris wouldn’t dare to complain, neither would she say anything, but right now, she couldn’t sleep again since she woke up already. She stared at his face, though he closed his eyes, she knew that he had not slept yet. 
"Alpha, I want to talk," Iris said in a small voice. She was hesitant, but when she remembered the way Laluna stared at Cane or how he carried her to the main hall, she felt unwell. She couldn’t get rid of this dissatisfied feelings. She felt so stifled. 
"Sleep." 
Cane didn’t want to talk, he wanted to rest, yet if it was not now, there was no time for them to be together and for Iris to voice what she felt and her concern. Cane didn’t have time for her, nor were they so close to discuss things. 
Because once the sun rose, they were only two different individuals, tied together by the unwanted mate bond between them and the unfortunate circumstances. 
Only at times like this, in these unspoken moments, that Iris felt the connection and a little bit closer with him. 
Knowing him, there wouldn’t be the right time to bring her concern into a conversation. 
Iris wriggled her body and freed herself from between his arms, as she took the blanket with her and sat down at the foot of the bed, which confused Cane, because she didn’t usually act like this. 
"What is it?" Cane propped his body on his elbows and looked at Iris. She curled her body under the blanket, staring straight at him. Her blue eyes were like the deep sea. "What do you want to talk about?" 
If Iris acted unusually like this, probably this was something important. 
However, instead of answering him, Iris asked him a question in return. "Why do you do that?" 
Cane narrowed his eyes, he couldn’t make heads or tails of what she was talking about. "What do you mean?" 
Iris bit her lip. She felt so embarrassed to mention it, but she had already started this conversation. "Why do you hug me every night and then act like it’s nothing in the morning?"
###Chapter 251: WHAT AM I TO YOU?
Chapter 251: WHAT AM I TO YOU?
"Why do you hug me every night and then act like it’s nothing in the morning?" Iris felt her tongue go numb when she asked the question. She didn’t know where she got the guts to ask him this. 
But, she was always very clear with her emotions and everything about her. She hid nothing from him. 
Therefore, his actions and his capricious ways of treating her left her in apprehension. She kept questioning what he meant by his every action. She needed an explanation, so she would know where she was standing. 
Did he want her? Or was it just an impulse from the mate bond, especially when she learned about the reason why the lycan chose him? She couldn’t even ask about it, because Cane barely gave an explanation to her for anything. 
"You make me confused," Iris admitted when Cane didn’t say anything. She had expected as much, but she really wanted to know why he did that. 
Cane was silent for a while, before he spoke, "You don’t want me to hug you?" He cut straight to the point, but then, the answer for the question that Iris wanted was complicated. It was not a ’yes or no’ question and couldn’t be simplified in the way Cane thought of it. 
Iris pressed her lips into a thin line. She wanted to avert her eyes from his intense gaze and take back her question. She should have kept quiet and not said anything, but then, how long could she stand it? 
The relationship between them was very vague and she didn’t know what to expect or how to view him. 
Cane made it clear to Aria that he only wanted her to curb his carnal desires, nothing more. As for Iris, the last time they did it was when she was in heat and every time they shared a bed after, he didn’t do anything, aside from holding her tightly. 
Did he only want her because the mate bond gave him comfort and a shred of peace to his anarchic mind? 
"I need you to let me know where I am standing. What am I to you?" 
"You are my mate, the Luna of the pack." 
"Do you really feel that way? Do you really see me as your mate?" Iris curled her fingers in the blanket, holding herself back from crying, because somehow, she was so upset. "Or am I still Gerald’s daughter in your eyes? And you had to settle with me because of the mate bond?" And this heavy feeling made her feel so weak. 
Cane could see the hurt in her eyes, but he didn’t know what to do with her, nor did he know how to answer her question. What was she for him? 
"Can we talk about this later?" Cane said in the end. He had a lot of things going on today, which Iris was not aware of, and he was on the verge of insanity. 
"When?" The question came out as a desperate whisper. "You never explain anything to me and I am confused." 
Iris didn’t want to be into him, nor did she want to fall in love with him if he didn’t want the same thing, but with the attachment that they had for each other and the mate bond between them, that was not impossible, but then she didn’t want to add love to the already complicated situation, because the depth of her love today, would be the depth of her pain tomorrow. 
Cane was the only person that she had, someone that she could still call family. 
The thought that she was so displeased with the sight of Cane carrying Laluna and the way the Princess stared at him bothered her so much. It was out of jealousy, she was not so dense as to not recognize it, that was why she was afraid of this development. 
Cane couldn’t give her a definite answer, because he didn’t have one. He didn’t want to have this conversation either, which meant he wanted to keep the ambiguity, so he didn’t need to explain anything, nor did he have to make anything clear. 
However, that was not fair to Iris. 
"You are my mate, I will treat you with respect." That was the fact. He had been treating her with nothing but the utmost respect in front of everyone, he even offended the King by turning down Nala’s wishes to become his mistress. "I made a lot of mistakes and let my pain get the better of me. I made a promise not to hurt you, but I broke it, for that, I apologized. It will never happen again." 
Iris knew that Cane was talking about how he lost his control in the library, but the memory of that day had faded away. Her subconsciousness usually made her forget everything that hurt her, as it was her only way to cope up with reality. 
Cane indeed apologized for what he did and explained things a little bit clearer, but Iris didn’t find this satisfying. It was not his apology that she wanted and his explanation didn’t answer her questions. What was she to him? Where did she stand? 
The Alpha then got off the bed and went to the wardrobe to retrieve something before he walked back and sat down on the edge of the bed, close to Iris, as he dropped something in her hand. 
It was a small dagger. 
"This is a silver dagger. You can stop me if you think I am a danger for you." Cane made Iris grab it. It was a white dagger, with intricate symbols in its sheath. 
Iris’ expression darkened. Cane didn’t answer her question. "But then, your people will hate me even more for hurting their alpha." She handed back the dagger and got off the bed. 
Her heart felt so heavy. 
Iris took her cloak and walked out of the bedroom. She closed the door behind her and waited, but there was no sign that Cane would come after her and this turned her mood even more dour.
Upset and hurt, Iris walked away aimlessly toward the garden. Little did she know, a certain black wolf was following her surreptitiously.
###Chapter 252: IT MUST BE FATE
Chapter 252: IT MUST BE FATE
This could be considered as the first fight she had with Cane. Iris felt so hurt and was afraid. She usually did not act like this, but the questions and her confusion had been sitting in her heart heavily. She only wanted a little bit of clarity, was that too much? 
Iris kept turning back to check whether Cane was following her, but every time she did, her disappointment would only inflate further, because she could see no one behind her, except for the guards that patrolled around this area. They paid no mind to her. 
She lowered her head and felt this feeling weighing her down. 
He didn’t even care that she went out alone after the monster attack. He didn’t worry at all about her. So, was this the answer that she needed? She felt unsatisfied, but the more she felt like this, the more she felt down and guilty. 
Why would she throw a temper tantrum like this? What did she expect from him? Cane didn’t change, he was always like that, it was Iris, who was too carried away with her feelings. 
Iris was upset with herself and blamed the mate bond for her feelings of attachment toward Cane and then the embarrassment came. 
Why did she think Cane would care? It was not even a question in the first place. She should have known her position. It was not like he treated her nicely without a hidden agenda, every move that he made, it was a calculative one. 
He didn’t take a mistress again because it would be a problem if none of them got pregnant and since Iris had known his secrets a little bit too much, it would be safe to keep only her by his side, but not out of consideration for her. 
If Cane could take over the Blue Moon pack without her involvement, he would have gotten rid of Iris by now and paid no mind to her. 
And there were more than a few little things that proved that Cane did everything in a very calculating way. There was no reason for Cane to keep her by his side, if she didn’t bring those benefits. 
"You should have known that!" Iris scolded herself. She sat down on a long bench under the oak tree and stomped her feet on the ground, upset at herself. "How can I return now? How can I face him?" She murmured to herself. 
Should she apologize? 
Iris didn’t mind doing it, but when she thought about what she had said to Cane, she didn’t think she would have the courage to talk with him and open the conversation first. 
"What now?" Iris felt like crying. She brought this displeasure and embarrassment upon herself. She felt so stifled. 
She had let him know her bottled up feelings, but she didn’t feel relieved at all, it could be said that she felt even worse. 
"What are you doing here?" 
Iris was startled, not because she heard the question, but because she saw his feet when she stared at the ground, while she scolded herself for being so stupid and na?ve. She lifted her head and found Lou staring at her in confusion, but then his lips tugged into a wide grin. The sight didn’t make her happy at all. 
"It must be fate for us to meet again!" Lou clapped his hands happily. He looked a little bit pale, but Iris didn’t pay close attention to such subtle details. "From the black market all the way to this palace, even though it was miles apart, our fates were tangled together!" 
Lou didn’t know how his nonsense would really come true for the years to come. 
"The Alpha said you are sick, I am also sick." He pointed to himself, as if this similarity was something that he could brag about. "See? We are fated to be together!" 
Without waiting for Iris’ response, he invited himself to sit down on the bench next to Iris and continued to chat with her, though she was not really receptive. 
"Tell me, why are you out here in the middle of the night?" He leaned his body, as he lowered his voice, just like someone, who was ready to gossip. "Where is your mate? Don’t tell me that you are having a secret meeting with someone here, am I interrupting you?" 
Iris glared at him. This man was insufferable! 
Cane had said that she shouldn’t meet with Lou or talk to him, but then if she wanted to avoid him, unless she returned to her chamber and faced Cane, this merchant would pester her everywhere. He couldn’t care less about the norms. 
"Don’t talk nonsense!" Iris hissed. She was already in a bad mood. 
"Ah! You are so feisty!" Lou didn’t even take offense when Iris snapped at him. He took everything as a joke. "Oh, right! I invited your mate to discuss how I want him to repay me for saving your life," he said without being embarrassed at all to be a profiter. "Why don’t you tag along to have some evening tea? I would love to have you, at least, you are not as scary as that man. His callousness hurts my eyes." 
Okay. That was it. Iris didn’t want to stay and hear his rambles. It seemed facing Cane now was not a bad idea anymore, after all, she couldn’t avoid him forever. It would be better sooner than later. 
Without saying anything, Iris stood up and was about to leave when Lou grabbed her hand to pull her back, so she would sit on the bench again. 
"Hey, where are you going? You have not yet answered my question, how can you find the magic stones, hm?" 
Iris wriggled her hand, but he held her firmly. "Let go of my hand!" She didn’t want to attract anyone’s attention. And, if someone indeed saw both of them alone here in the middle of the night, they could get the wrong impression. 
Iris thought of biting his hand if he didn’t let go, but before she could do that, Lou freed her hand and stood up, as he backed away a few steps so fast.
###Chapter 253: THE SCARY ALPHA
Chapter 253: THE SCARY ALPHA
Cane didn’t really intend to let Iris walk alone in the middle of the night, especially after the second attack of the monster. His conscience wouldn’t allow him to do that, but he was not going to reveal himself, as he followed her in his wolf form. 
He watched how frustrated she was and heard every murmur that left her lips, also how she called him annoying. 
Probably, if it was not for Lou, Iris would have never known that Cane was actually keeping an eye on her from the shadows. 
However, the merchant knew no boundaries, as he grabbed Iris’ hand and forced her to stay when she was about to leave and before Cane’s mind was able to decide what he was going to do, his body moved first. 
Cane let out a dangerous growl, as he emerged from the dark, his golden eyes shone brightly and a glimpse of him was enough to send his message crystal clear. The beast was ready to attack if he didn’t back away. 
Therefore, out of instinct, Lou let go of Iris’ hand and backed away. After all, he didn’t have enough energy to perform any magic right now, let alone fight an alpha beast. 
Cane prowled forward, his golden eyes fixed on the merchant, as he emanated a killing intent that was so strong, which made Iris turn around and find Cane in his wolf form. 
She couldn’t believe her own eyes that he actually came after her. Or was this a coincidence? Did he want to go somewhere? Iris couldn’t help but question her own judgment whenever Cane did something out of the ordinary. 
"Alpha Cane," Lou greeted Cane, as he bent his body in an exaggerated way. 
Cane shifted into his human form, as he pulled Iris to his side. Not even once did he spare her a glance, as his angry dark eyes were fixed on the merchant. His grip on Iris’ hips tightened and this made her grimace slightly. It was so obvious that the Alpha was not happy with this situation. 
"It’s a coincidence that we met here," Lou said cheekily. It was fate when he met with Iris, but it was a coincidence when it was Cane that he met. "May I know why you are here in the middle of the night?" 
Even though Lou appeared so carefree, he was very cautious to provoke this alpha, he had a very strong domineering aura and his killing intent could make one shiver in fear. 
Cane didn’t answer that, nor did he give any response, aside from staring daggers at Lou, which made him feel awry for receiving such an intense gaze, but then the Alpha shifted his attention toward Iris when he realized her grimacing in pain. He released his grip on her waist, but he took her hand and walked away from there without saying anything to Lou. 
Yet, the merchant was simply looking for trouble as he shouted at him, since he didn’t want to be left high and dry. 
"Alpha, it seems the Luna is fine now. Tomorrow, you will bring her too, right?" Lou asked in high spirits, hiding his displeasure because Cane was taking away Iris before he could get an answer from her. 
Cane stopped and turned his head to look at him. "She is sick." That was the only answer that he gave him. He insisted on that excuse. If he said Iris was sick, then she was sick. No questions asked. 
Hearing that, the corners of Lou’s lips twitched. How could he lie so blatantly and without any shame at all? 
But then, Cane added. His voice was icy, as if it was a warning. "I have told you not to touch what is mine." 
That was the same statement that he threw at Lou during the new year dinner and the merchant also gave the same answer. 
"How territorial, typical of a shifter." His lips tugged into a grin. 
But Cane didn’t want to waste his words on him and walked away with Iris close to him. The merchant made his blood boil. 
On the other hand, Iris was so terrified to even look at Cane, because he was exceptionally scary right now and his silence resonated well with the word danger. 
She kept her head low, as she tried to match with his long stride. This time, Cane didn’t slow down his steps to accommodate her, thus Iris needed to half run just so she could keep up with him. 
"Alpha..." Iris tried to speak, but she felt Cane squeeze her hand, which caused her to swallow back the words that she wanted to say. She wanted to explain that she didn’t intentionally look for Lou, nor did she know that the merchant would be there. 
It was a bad judgment on her part that she didn’t leave sooner, but she swore that she didn’t mean to stay with him. 
Cane slammed the door harshly when they were already inside their chamber, but he didn’t stop, as he tugged her toward the bathroom and rinsed her hand under the running water. It was the same hand that Lou had grabbed earlier. 
Iris was stunned by what Cane was doing, she looked at him in bewilderment, as he spoke viciously. 
"You smell like him." The words sounded very vicious, laced with disdain, which made Iris flinch and lower her head again. She fought back the urge to cry. 
Not only because Cane rubbed her hand a little bit harshly, but also because she was afraid, confused and was at a loss. 
Once Cane was done, he brought her hand to his nose, smelled it and was only satisfied when Lou’s scent no longer lingered on her wrist. 
He stretched out his hand and put his finger under her chin to lift her head up, so she could read what he was going to say. 
"I have told you not to meet him and talk to him!" Cane literally growled at her. 
"I didn’t... I didn’t intend to meet him..." Iris stumbled with her words when she tried to explain the situation, which Cane knew since he was there too.
###Chapter 254: HE WAS A MONSTER
Chapter 254: HE WAS A MONSTER
Cane was well aware that he shouldn’t direct his anger at Iris, since he watched everything and knew Lou was the intruder, yet he couldn’t get rid of these intrusive thoughts in his mind. 
He had not gotten any sleep for two days straight, a lot of things happened in that span of time, which drained him both emotionally and physically. In addition, when he was looking for a shred of peace that could, at least, calm him down for a bit, Iris brought up another problem for him to solve. 
It was too much, he felt like he was reaching his limit. 
"I didn’t meet him on purpose..." Iris said in a small voice, she was about to cry to prove her innocence. She was desperate to make him believe her, because she didn’t want Cane to look at her with those judgmental eyes as well. 
Even though she had never mentioned it, not even to Hanna, it was so terrifying to be on the receiving end of those people’s judgment about her. 
Cane gritted his teeth, but he didn’t say anything and this terrified Iris even more, because the last time she provoked him and made him angry, he hurt her. Would he do that again to her now? Even though he had apologized for that? 
A tear escaped Iris’ eyes, despite her effort to fight it back. Mason always got even angrier whenever she cried. He would say how ugly she was and how useless a woman, who only knew how to cry, was. How useless she was... 
"I am sorry... I am sorry..." she was afraid that Cane would hurt her. He could do that and if he decided to do it, no one would be able to stop him. 
She shouldn’t have confronted him in the first place. She should have let him hug her silently every night. At the very least, in that way, he didn’t hurt her. She shouldn’t have tried to have a conversation about the unspoken things between them. 
She shouldn’t have antagonized him when he already had too much on his shoulders to carry with a lot of troubles that were thrown his way. 
The night became darker out there and snow started to fall again, making the temperature drop even colder. 
Cane closed his eyes and leaned forward to rest his head on her shoulder. Her scent overwhelmed him and he could feel her body stiffen with his touch. She was afraid that he would hurt her and he understood that. 
Iris thought Cane would start his assault. She closed her eyes, accepting her fate, but then she felt him move away from her and when she opened her eyes, Cane was gone, leaving her alone there. 
Tears started to stream down her cheeks one by one, as small sobs escaped her lips. It was not clear whether it was because of relief or pain that she felt, as the sight of his retreating back looked very desolate. It stabbed her heart in a way that she didn’t think was possible to feel this hurt. 
She was the one, who was in a predicament a few seconds ago, but why was she the one in agony to see him like this? There was this feeling that she couldn’t understand, where she felt his pain. 
Iris wiped her tears away immediately and stopped crying. It took a moment longer than intended, but finally she could stop the tears, as she rubbed her swollen eyes, so she wouldn’t cry again, before she walked out of the bathroom and the sight of Cane almost made Iris scream, but she stopped herself in time. 
"What happened?!" Iris rushed toward Cane. 
The dark wisp was not only coming from his palms right now, but his whole body. It almost looked like black smoke engulfed his figure. 
Iris didn’t think twice before she ran toward him, while Cane had this blank expression on his face as he stared at the black smoke that surrounded him. 
This was it. There was no helping it. 
All hope got sucked out of his mind when he saw this wild wisp swirl in the air. It grew bigger by the second. It would fill the whole room sooner and someone would know. 
All of his plans to protect his people and give them a better life that they deserved would vanish the moment someone knew about it. Once this fact reached the King’s ears, it would be the end of everything. 
Cane didn’t fear death, he would gladly accept that, since what life offered to him was only pain and agony. He suffered because he couldn’t die. Because those people relied on him heavily. Their blind faith in him felt like a curse now. A curse that forced him to keep going, though he wanted to stop. He wanted this to end. 
Gerald was right. He was still that helpless and hopeless boy, who knew nothing. His degrading and demeaning words rang in his ears again. It was so easy to believe it now. 
Cane fell to his knees. His expression didn’t change, as his dark eyes stared at the dark wisp that blanketed him. What would happen then? Would this wisp kill him? Was it poisonous? 
He was so tired. He had reached his limit. 
But then, Cane saw a flash of auburn hair that blurred his line of sight and felt Iris’ body press against him. She hugged him so tightly, her curls tickled his face and her scent was comforting. She pressed her lips against his neck, which surprisingly didn’t repulse him. 
Her body felt so cold, probably because she was out there for a long time and this didn’t sit well with him. 
Out of instinct, Cane stretched out his hands and hugged her back, he buried his face in the crook of her shoulder. 
Wasn’t she afraid of him? He could see tears and fear in her eyes. He knew what she was thinking he was going to do to her and the very thought disgusted him. 
Cane felt like he was no longer a victim, but a monster instead.
###Chapter 255: DAMN YOU, CANE!
Chapter 255: DAMN YOU, CANE!
There is enough love in his heart to love every single piece of you. 
For the most part, it will not show through romantic gestures. 
It will creep through his subtle attempts. 
It will be loud in his consistency, 
And it will present itself as loyalty. 
Many men are lovers who have no clue about romanticism. 
-Him; Pierre Alex Jeanty- 
************************* 
A relationship was like holding sand in your hand, you should hold it delicately, so it wouldn’t slip through your fingers... 
And that was how Iris felt when she hugged Cane. She felt he was going to slip through her fingers. His sanity... 
Somehow, Iris knew the dark wisp wouldn’t hurt her and it didn’t, because she had touched it the first time she noticed it and nothing had happened to her, thus she didn’t think twice when she rushed over and held Cane. 
The Alpha looked like he was going to fall apart and the sight scared her. 
Iris was used to seeing Cane as someone that wouldn’t be bothered even if the skies were going to collapse, someone who would be calm enough to meet plot after plot, because he had his own schemes and could handle everything, under his control. 
Therefore, the sight of Cane being so vulnerable like this made her heart shiver. 
"Cane, it’s okay... it’s disappeared..." Iris said in a soothing tone, as she watched the dark wisp gradually disappear. "It’s fine now." 
Neither of them know how it worked, but now they were convinced, Iris’ presence helped with the disappearance of the dark wisp. It was exactly like how she calmed down the lycan and made it more bearable for Cane to go through the new moon. In the same way, the dark wisp must have something to do with the cursed beast. 
Iris caressed his back, but he didn’t say anything, thus she tried to free herself from him, but Cane held her so close, he practically glued himself to her with his warm breath teasing her neck, his lips on her skin. 
Seeing him like this, Iris stayed for as long as needed, she didn’t say anything and both of them were engulfed in this silence. 
Gradually, the dark sky turned a little bit brighter in the east. As the sun was about to rise, it was a beautiful sight to see and Iris wanted him to see it. 
"Alpha..." Iris patted his back. Did he fall asleep? "Look, it’s a new day." 
It’s a new day filled with new hope... 
============================ 
"Miss, you need to wake up, you need to eat your lunch, you have skipped your breakfast, I don’t want you to get sick," Hanna said. She had been trying to wake Iris up for ten minutes now. 
But, she kept brushing off her hands before curling herself even more inside the blanket. If it was not for her health and her unique condition as a runt, Hanna would let her sleep a little bit longer, seeing how tired she was, but she couldn’t do that. 
"Miss, you need to wake up now," Hanna said again with a stern voice, though she realized Iris wouldn’t be able to hear that. "Miss!" She shook her body a little bit harder, until Iris opened her eyes sleepily. 
"Five minutes..." 
"No, you need to eat and then you can fall asleep again after taking a walk." 
Iris pursed her lips to see how stern Hanna’s expression was. Her head was throbbing painfully, she didn’t get enough sleep last night. 
She couldn’t imagine how Cane could pull it off. For three days, he didn’t fall asleep at all. How could he manage that and was still alive? 
Iris pushed herself from the bed and stretched out her arms to hug Hanna, which made her giggle. She still acted like she was a little child sometimes and this warmed her heart. 
"I am glad you are okay," Iris murmured sleepily and Hanna kissed her cheek. 
Will found her in that catastrophe and took her to the warrior’s quarters, where she stayed with the other warriors, while he went to check on Ethan. 
But, before Will returned, the Alpha went to the warrior’s quarters and told Hanna to go and be with Iris. She stayed with her missy until she fell asleep, yet when she returned, Will had left on another mission. She didn’t have time to see him and Will didn’t find her before he left. 
"I am also glad that you are fine. Now, eat your lunch, okay?" 
"Ugh... I am sleepy." Iris could barely remember how she ended up on the bed, she remembered that after watching the sunrise with Cane, she rested her head and fell asleep. It was very comfortable and she couldn’t resist her sleepiness. 
It must be Cane, who had carried her to the bed and tucked her in, or else, she would have slept on the floor. 
=========================== 
"The Alpha is here, master," Sabian informed Lou. "He is alone." 
A flicker of dissatisfaction flashed in his eyes when Lou heard that. Cane really didn’t bring his mate with him and insisted on his lie that Iris was sick when she was perfectly fine. After all, the three of them had met just last night. 
"Okay," Lou said callously, but he didn’t get up from his bed, as he stabbed the grapefruit with a fork and put it into his mouth indolently. 
The sight made Sabian furrow his brows as he grew anxious because he knew what his master was up to. "Master, don’t you want to meet with him?" 
"Nah, he can wait," Lou said nonchalantly. "I am not really interested in meeting him without that red hair." 
If Iris was not there, why would he want to meet with Cane in such a hurry? He could wait for another minute... or hour. 
However, Lou should know by now that the Alpha wouldn’t play his little, petty games, because five minutes later, a guard rushed into the room to report what Cane had said. 
"The Alpha said he will leave if you don’t appear within two minutes, Master," he said in a cautious tone. "He stressed he doesn’t have time to wait." 
"Damn you, Cane!"
###Chapter 256: DAMN YOU, CANE! (2)
Chapter 256: DAMN YOU, CANE! (2)
"Damn you, Cane!" Lou bristled when he heard that. He got off the bed immediately, his expression unusually dark, as he stormed toward the garden, where Cane had been waiting for him. 
However, his expression changed in a split second before he met with the Alpha as he greeted him politely and remorsefully for making him wait. The hypocrisy was so thick coming from him. 
"I am sorry for making you wait this long," Lou said cheerfully, in his usual self. "You seem to be in a hurry, though you just arrived five minutes ago." 
He spoke about it so lightly, as if he didn’t have the intention to make him wait for hours if he could. 
However, Cane could see through his fa?ade and replied to him simply. "The situation inside the palace is still not stable and the people in the capital are still panicking, grieving and afraid. There are a lot of things to take care of." 
Annoyance flitted past Lou’s eyes, but it vanished before Cane noticed it. What the Alpha said painted the merchant as someone that was too idle and willing to be ignorant in this chaotic situation, since he had a lot of free time. 
Damn! Lou was also there, in the morning court, with the King, alright! It was not only Cane who was busy! 
"Yes, it is a difficult situation," Lou said lightly, still sounding cheerful, as if he didn’t get bothered with Cane’s jab. "Serve tea!" He said to the servant. 
However, Cane raised his hand to reject that. "Let’s skip tea and get down to business, what do you want?" He didn’t have all day to accompany Lou. He barely wanted to spend another second here. 
If it was not for the fact that this merchant had indeed saved his mate’s life, he wouldn’t be here at all, dealing with his antics. It was such a waste of his time. 
"Oh, come on, you won’t turn my offer down, right?" Lou furrowed his brows, he looked disappointed. "I invited you for an evening tea." 
"I still have something to discuss with the King. I only have five more minutes. If you had come earlier, it would have been possible, but since you are late, I don’t have much time for such leisure." 
Sabian, who was standing a few steps away from Lou, felt his heart lurch to his stomach when he heard the Alpha’s sarcastic words. Not only did he insult his master in such a delicate way, but he also blurted out the King’s name in the same breath, which effectively left Lou tongue- tied. He couldn’t retort. 
The Alpha even gave a time limit for the merchant to speak. 
There was no way he would be able to hold Cane back if he brought up the King’s matter here, because if he did that, it would imply his matter was way more important than the King’s. 
Lou felt like he was about to flip the table or pour the hot water on his face. 
However, he was way better than that to lose control of his own emotions. In the end, he smiled at Cane and spoke again lightly, as if it didn’t bother him at all. 
"Okay, I understand. My apologies for my tardiness earlier," he said wisely. 
"So, what do you want?" 
Lou gritted his teeth, but he kept his smile in place. He had seen how easily Cane could provoke the Crown Prince, he didn’t even seem to exert much effort and now, Lou could feel how annoying the Alpha could be. He was barely able to control his own anger. 
Facing him a little bit longer than this, he would lose all of his patience and make a fool of himself like Alan did. 
"I want to offer the same thing that I offered to the King." 
"Magical devices?" Cane didn’t expect this at all. He thought this merchant would come up with a ridiculous idea like spending one on one time with his mate, which was his previous demand, but he actually wanted to have more chances to see Iris. He looked at him disdainfully. 
"Yes. The area that falls under your two packs is a bit dangerous, surrounded by Goffa mountain, where the monsters will appear so frequently, thus I want to venture my business there." 
The magical devices that Lou offered were of protection type, where they would be able to protect a large area and repel any monsters that would come closer. 
Right now, his progress in closing the deal with the King looked so promising, thanks to the two monster attacks that happened within a day and the panic that spread in the capital city among the people. 
It would help the King gain the people’s trust to have a concrete action following the incident and now, Lou wanted to expand his business to another pack as well. 
It would be Cane’s honor to have his pack become the second place that would be installed with Luo’s new devices after the capital city. 
"It actually benefits you more." Lou shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly, as if he saw this as an act of charity for Cane. "I saved your mate and now I am going to save your people too. This is a good deal for you, a great one if I can say." 
Lou was still holding a grudge for Cane’s sarcastic statements earlier, thus he tried to make things even between them, at least, he wouldn’t be too embarrassed after receiving the insulting words that the Alpha threw at him. 
However, Lou couldn’t be any more wrong, because Cane didn’t seem to be affected by that at all. How could one get the satisfaction of insulting someone, when the other person didn’t even feel like they were being insulted? 
"Okay, you can start from the Blue Moon pack first, because the last attack of the monsters happened there." Cane nodded. "When will you start?" 
Lou’s jaw dropped. "You accepted it?" Why was it so easy? He had prepared himself for a long argument, but Cane accepted it so easily? And why did he feel like he was working for him instead? 
"You said it yourself that it is a great deal for me, so why should I refuse it?"
###Chapter 257: DAMN YOU, CANE! (3)
Chapter 257: DAMN YOU, CANE! (3)
"You said it yourself. It is a great deal for me, so why should I refuse it?" Cane snickered disdainfully to see Lou’s fa?ade slip for a brief second before he regained his composure and acted unbothered. 
"Great!" Lou clapped his hands, as if he were very happy with the deal. "I will give you the onceover about it later and we will have another discussion about it." 
"Okay," Cane said lightly and stood up. "If there is nothing more, I will take my leave." He kept the conversation with Lou as short as possible and didn’t waste a second to be there. 
And what was even worse was the part when Cane left even before Lou could give him a reply. The merchant was too shocked and angry. 
He had said what he wanted as the price for saving his mate; he wanted permission to expand his business in his pack and Cane gave it, so there was nothing more that they needed to talk about. As for the details, Cane could let someone handle it for him, they didn’t need to meet in person, exchanging letters would be sufficient. 
"Damn it! Damn it! Damn you, Cane!" Lou roared in frustration and anger. He had been a merchant for years and even struck a deal with the King, but why did he feel like he lost a business when he actually got what he wanted?! 
This alpha irked him to no end! 
The only comforting thing that could slightly calm him down was the fact that he would have more chances to see Iris. After all, she was the Luna of the Blue Moon pack. 
"Master, you need to calm your anger..." Sabian was afraid Lou would exhaust himself again, after all, they were running out of magic stones in order to regain his vitality back after the portal was hardly able to be closed. 
"Scram!" 
Facing Lou’s wrath, Sabian scurried away. He took all the servants and guards with him. 
========================== 
"Alpha?" Hanna was surprised to see Cane when she came over to bring Iris’ dinner. 
Since they came to the palace, Iris always preferred to have her meal brought to her chamber. The dining hall was overwhelming to her, as there were so many people there. She was comfortable with none of them and most of them, she didn’t even know personally. 
"She will have dinner with me," Cane replied lightly, to which Hanna nodded respectfully and then retreated. 
Cane then opened the door and found Iris sitting near the window with a book in her hands. She was reading something, most likely a book about all the packs in this continent. She liked that topic recently and he noticed that. 
"Hanna?" Iris’ eyes lit up when she felt someone enter the room, because it was time for dinner and she was hungry. 
The ceremony for her and Cane probably would be postponed, because the situation right now was still not stable yet. 
However, she was surprised to see it was actually Cane that came over. This was the first time they met after what happened. 
"Oh, Alpha..." Iris immediately stood up and closed the book. It was not usual for him to come see her at this hour, unless he needed something. 
"Put on your warm clothes, have dinner with me." Cane sat down on the sofa and closed his eyes. He felt so tired. 
Iris immediately went to her wardrobe and put on warm clothes and a cloak, it was so cold! It had been snowing since yesterday. 
"I am ready," Iris said, as she nudged Cane’s arm to get his attention. 
The Alpha opened his eyes and then stood up, he took her hand and both of them walked out of the bedroom toward the dining hall. 
Iris didn’t know since when it actually happened, but Cane developed this habit of holding her hand or putting his arm around her waist like he did right now whenever they went out together and slowed down his pace, so she did not need to run after him. She knew it was not his normal pace, because those shifters tended to walk faster. 
Cane didn’t mind if she snuggled closer to him whenever it was too cold for her either, since his body was so warm. 
Iris would look at his expression every time she stepped closer, afraid he would be uncomfortable, but when he didn’t show any reaction, she would nestle contently beside him. 
The dinner went uneventful. The King was too busy and had his dinner in his bedroom. 
While Cane chatted with the King’s right hand men, as he kept placing more and more food on his mate’s plate, Iris was chatting with Laluna reluctantly, as the Princess kept secretly glancing at Cane. 
Laluna was not the only woman that paid close attention to her mate as Nala did the same thing from across the room. The woman sat down at the second long table, and this irritated Iris. It rubbed her in the wrong way. 
Therefore, she looked a little bit cheerful when they finally finished with dinner and walked back to their bedroom, as Iris made a promise that she would have evening tea with Laluna two days later. 
She accepted that reluctantly out of politeness, but made sure Cane was not available at that time, because she read his conversation with the other right hand men that they would have another meeting with the King around that time. 
"This is not the way to our bedroom," Iris said, finally noticing they took a different path. She squeezed Cane’s hand that held hers. "Do you want to go somewhere?" She remembered how they went out of the palace sneakily. 
"Just to the garden," Cane replied. "What?" He asked when he saw a furrow between her brows. 
"Cold." There were no braziers in the garden and it was snowing. 
Cane let go of her hand, but he wrapped her inside his cloak, keeping her warm. "Walk with me." 
"Okay," Iris replied without a second thought.
###Chapter 258: A KISS ON THE FOREHEAD
Chapter 258: A KISS ON THE FOREHEAD
It was so rare for Cane to ask her to walk with him and after being so annoyed by the way Nala and Laluna tried to get her mate’s attention while they kept staring at him secretly, Iris was more than willing to walk with him. 
Laluna wouldn’t have a chance with Cane, but Nala was a different story. Although she was not very familiar with the matters in the palace, Iris was well aware that Nala had the King behind her and that old man could do something to force Cane to take Nala as his mistress. 
Cane wouldn’t have a chance to stand against the pressure, since he didn’t have any mistresses now and with the excuse Nala was given to him as a blessing from the King, it would force Cane into a perilous situation if he outrightly rejected her, if he did reject her... 
The thought of that alone made Iris’ mood become gloomy. She couldn’t imagine how those women in this place were able to share their mates with other women while not even being allowed to show their discomfort. 
Iris felt she was being greedy now. It was already great enough that Cane didn’t want to kill her or look at her with hatred. He treated her well, even if that was for a show or whatever other reasons behind his hidden agenda, but now she wanted more... which was a wish that sounded so preposterous. 
"I am sorry for what I said," Iris said in a small voice, she looked down, staring at the snow under her feet, while walking beside Cane. 
The Alpha had been very quiet and said nothing, even after half an hour of walking around the garden aimlessly. This place was beautiful, though it was covered in white snow. It looked like a white world belonged to them, as there was no one here. 
Iris was not sure why Cane took her here. Probably, he wanted to talk about what happened, but his silence confused her, because he was not a person that would shy away from a necessary conversation, or maybe she just didn’t know him well enough... 
"I am just confused with the way you treat me and I am afraid I will be caught up in my feelings. I don’t want to step over the boundaries and make an assumption, which will complicate things between us or make matters worse for you." She wanted to say she wanted a clear warning from Cane about her position, similar to the one Aria got from him, but she didn’t think it was wise to mention her in this conversation, thus she had been beating around the bush. The very type of conversation that Cane didn’t really like. 
However, the Alpha didn’t say anything, he let her talk about what was on her mind, as he stared at her without her knowing it. 
Somehow, it was so refreshing to hear Iris voice what she was thinking, instead of wrecking his brain to think what the true meaning behind someone else’s words was, as there could be an insult, a threat or even a warning behind their smile and gentle voice. 
Cane had to be able to read between the lines and think of the counterattack, but with Iris it was different, he could put down his vigilantism, because the meaning of her words would be the same as what she said. 
It was a sincerity that he craved among all the manipulative people surrounding him. 
"I am sorry, I made more trouble for you." Iris glanced at Cane and found that the Alpha was actually staring at her. 
Eventually, the two of them stopped walking. They stood under the tree, taking cover from the snow that kept falling on this quiet night. It was so cold, but Cane was so close and Iris could feel her face heating up from being stared at. 
She couldn’t tell what was in his mind. Did she say something wrong again? Was he angry? But, she apologized to him. Was that not enough? 
After a long moment of silence that felt like eternity, Cane finally spoke. He put his finger under Iris’ chin to lift her head, so she could read what he said. 
It was not much that he said, because it was only a short answer for her question. 
"Let’s work on this." 
Iris blinked her eyes, not understanding what he meant by that, she was afraid she interpreted the meaning of his words wrongly. 
"What do you mean?" 
Cane stared at her beautiful blue eyes. "You are my mate, the Luna of the pack. That’s where you stand." 
It was an obvious answer. All of the people knew about that. "What about you? Do you really think of me as your mate?" Iris balled her fists, her heart thumped nervously, waiting for what kind of answer he would give her. 
Cane was well aware what Iris meant by that, she wanted to know if she could develop feelings for him. The mate bond made things complicated between them, but smoothed some things as well. 
It was not Iris’ fault to feel that way and for her to voice out her concerns about how she should take this feeling, whether she could let it be or get rid of it, was something that Cane appreciated about her. 
"Give me some time," Cane said. There was a lot of baggage that he needed to unfold before he could promise her anything, but he was sure about one thing. "I will make it right for you." 
It was not a sweet promise about how Cane would love her with his life, or give himself to her wholeheartedly, but he would work on this. 
This was a baby step for both of them, a single step at a time to close the distance, the hatred, the diversity between them. 
They would work on this and Cane was willing to give this relationship a chance, not only for a charade in front of the people, but a real one. 
Obviously, it wouldn’t happen any time soon, but in the course of time, they would make some progress, no matter how small it was. 
Cane didn’t give her the same ultimatum like he did to Aria, instead he let her have this feeling for him and he would work on his as well. After all, they would spend the rest of their lives next to each other, in that sense, why not make things bearable for them, it would be a blessing if this did work in the end... 
"You don’t mind if... I act like your mate?" Iris asked in a small and cautious tone. 
Act like his mate. She put it in a nice way to say if it was alright for her to be affectionate with him and to think of him in a romantic way. 
"Hm." 
Cane stretched out his hand and leaned his body over. He tilted his head and his gesture was pretty obvious that he was going to kiss her on the lips. 
Iris was stunned, she had never been kissed before and if Cane really did it, it could be counted as her first kiss. She didn’t know what to expect and what to do, her face immediately turned bright red when he was so close to her and out of instinct, she shut her eyes tightly. 
However, the Alpha stopped when he was only a breath away from kissing her lips, instead, he kissed her forehead. It was not just a simple peck, as he lingered for a little bit longer. He placed his hand behind her head, his thumb caressed her ear, which made her squirm, because it was ticklish. 
A kiss on the hand was a show of respect, a kiss on the cheek was a show of affection and while the kiss on the lips showed desire and intimacy, a kiss on the forehead was a way to say ’you are safe here’, it was a promise of protection and respect... 
Cane took a step back, but he still held Iris in his arms, as he stared at the girl, who looked at him sheepishly. 
"Stay away from Lou," Cane said humorlessly. 
============================== 
The first thing that shook the entire continent, especially the royal family and the people in the capital city was the news of Princess Osana being cursed. 
Her skin wrinkled and peeled off, just like a snake shedding its skin. 
And before the King could think of a way to cover up this fact, the news about it had spread so widely. He was furious beyond words and a healer was summoned to his chamber because his anger was uncontrollable and affected his body. 
It was a rare case for a shifter to be sick, but the news about Princess Osana being cursed by dark magic had a great impact on the King. 
People began to panic and pack their things to escape the capital city, because following the awakening of the dark magic, it would be an outbreak of an epidemic disease. 
Those who had the sources to move away from the capital city until everything became stable had already left the gates, while some of them stayed inside their houses. They heard about how dreadful Princess Osana’s condition was and it fed their fear and anxiety. 
Everyone knew it was a common knowledge, when news spread from lips to lips, the content would be exaggerated from the truth, yet they believed it nonetheless. 
"Yes, I heard, Princess Osana is hissing like a snake." 
"Her skin peels off constantly and she soaks her bed with her blood."
###Chapter 259: TURMOIL IN THE CAPITAL CITY
Chapter 259: TURMOIL IN THE CAPITAL CITY
Haco, the sorcerer that had put the cursed soul inside Cane, was currently staring blankly into the distance. He had been throwing tantrums, demanding Clad and Leros let Cane know he wanted to see him, but after his countless failed attempts, he sat down on the floor, shutting down from his surroundings, while mumbling and shaking his head in disbelief about his current situation. 
"I am doomed. I am doomed. I cursed a princess. I will be beheaded... they are going to kill me. I am dead now." 
Haco didn’t have any idea whose hair that Cane had sent to him belonged to, in the letter, it was only mentioned he wanted the person to suffer, for them to beg for death while they were alive. 
Thus, with only one earth stone at his disposal, the strongest black magic he could perform was that curse. 
However, Haco wouldn’t have done that if he knew beforehand it was actually Princess Osana’s hair. He wouldn’t be crazy enough to curse a royal family member and get himself killed, after he strived for five decades to get rid of that cursed soul, but apparently, Cane tricked and trapped him in this mess. 
On the other hand, it was pretty obvious Cane was well aware of the fact that Haco would refuse, thus he omitted the details carefully in his instructions. 
Right now, there was no other way for Haco to survive, aside from clinging onto Cane’s protection and the success of his plan, whatever it was, because if the Alpha was going down, he would get dragged as well. He had tangled his own fate with his from this moment onward. 
"Damn you, Cane... you ungrateful brat!" 
Meanwhile, Leros just returned from spreading rumors, mingling with people and socialising with them was his forte, he was good with his words and his social skills were outstanding compared to the other spies. 
"What happened to him? Something is wrong with his brain?" Leros poured himself a glass of water, as he stared at the sorcerer. This old man looked so pitiful. "Did he get a backlash from using black magic? He doesn’t look sane." 
Clad shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. "Let him be." He had been listening to his rumblings since the news about Princess Osana arrived and Haco confirmed it was him who had done it. 
Once they were sure that the black curse worked on the Princess, Leros started spreading the news immediately, imprinting fear in the people of this capital city, creating a huge wave of panic. 
They were not sure what happened, but they could feel the Alpha had hastened the plan and became a little bit aggressive and vicious. They were only worried he would be reckless. 
"Cane! Damn you!" Haco howled in frustration. Even in his worst nightmares, he had never imagined making himself an enemy of the royal family. 
Meanwhile, the certain alpha that had stirred such turmoil in the capital city finally had a good night’s sleep. 
He slept throughout the night and morning, until noon and because the King was not feeling well, there was no morning court while his right hand men were busy trying to salvage the situation, yet there was nothing that they could really do to appease the situation. 
They needed guidance from the King about what stand that they should take, because covering things up when it was already blown out of proportion would only backfire on them. The last thing they wanted was a civil war and the involvement of people from the Holy Kingdom in this matter, regarding black magic. 
Currently, the Alpha was oblivious to his surroundings, as he hugged Iris closely. He buried his nose in the crook of her shoulder, while her curls tickled his face, yet it didn’t wake him up at all. 
Meanwhile, Iris had woken up three hours ago when Hanna came to deliver their breakfast and left immediately when she saw the two of them were still in the bed. 
Iris used this time to stare at Cane. She couldn’t believe that would be his answer, it was already a surprise that he was willing to answer, instead of being silent as usual. 
His answer was not an explanation, he didn’t explain anything, but he cleared the confusion as to where she should stand throughout this relationship. 
It was still a long road ahead of them, a long way to go for them to be able to reach one another, but the thought they were walking in the same direction made Iris relieved, because at some point, they would meet with each other eventually. 
If there were a thousand steps between them, probably last night’s conversation was the first step, which left them with nine hundred ninety nine more. 
It was almost insignificant, but still, it was a progress. 
Iris stared at Cane’s sleeping face and tentatively ran her fingers through his hair, she stopped for a moment, before she did it again, once she was sure she didn’t wake him up. His hair was a little bit rough, showing how stubborn the Alpha was. 
He breathed evenly and hugged her a little bit tighter without even him realizing it, and went back to deep sleep. 
It was so quiet and peaceful and the dim light of the sun filtered through the window. It must be a bit too cold out there, since the snow didn’t stop falling throughout the night and now, many people were working to clear the roads, so horses or carriages wouldn’t slip in the icy streets. 
Iris felt she could stay like this for a whole day, yet her determination was proven wrong once again, because not long after that, she could hear her stomach start grumbling. She was hungry and their breakfast was only a few steps away from them, yet she couldn’t reach it. 
Iris tried to pry herself from Cane’s arms that trapped her body, but he didn’t budge. And when she tried a little bit harder, it woke him up instead. 
He opened his eyes, on alert.
###Chapter 260: HE WAS WORKING ON IT
Chapter 260: HE WAS WORKING ON IT
Cane stirred when he felt Iris moving away from him. He was alarmed, his mind immediately cut straight to the worst case possible and his body reacted, as if he was being attacked. 
"What happened?" His lucid eyes scanned his surroundings, but there was nothing. He was safe and there was nothing to be worried about, at least, inside this room, the chaos out there didn’t seep through yet. 
"I am going to get some food," Iris said sheepishly, as she pointed at their breakfast. "I am hungry." 
Cane finally realized what was going on and that he had overreacted for no reason at all. He then let Iris go and got off the bed to freshen himself up. 
Iris still could feel his strong arms that hugged her body all night, she still felt so warm being so close to him, but she couldn’t ignore her hunger any longer... her stomach was rumbling uncomfortably. She didn’t eat much last night as she couldn’t even taste the otherwise delicious spread, because she needed to talk with Laluna during their dinner, someone that she didn’t like to have any conversation with. 
The Princess would always find a way to talk about how lucky Iris was to have Cane as her mate, praising the Alpha to the moon and back, which irked her to no end. Iris actually spent the entire dinner trying to mask her annoyance and focus on that difficult task. 
Iris munched on her meal when she caught her reflection in the mirror. Her hair! She looked so messy with her curls around her little face, it looked like the mane of a lion. Ugh. 
Somehow, her current look made her feel self- conscious and she used her fingers to tame it. Her hair would always look so messy in the morning, but this was the first time she got frustrated. 
Right at that time, Cane came out, he had already changed his clothes, as he wore the formal ones, which meant he would go out now. 
"Why don’t you eat your breakfast first?" Iris asked when she saw Cane, she tried to tame her hair by tugging on it helplessly. 
"I am late," Cane said curtly.
Iris fell silent. She was very familiar with this curt answer and almost pulled a face. When she thought they had made progress, they circled back to the beginning again. She lowered her head and stared at the breakfast for both of them that Hanna had brought this early morning. 
However, when Iris thought Cane would leave after giving her that short answer, the Alpha actually approached her and kissed her head briefly, which surprised Iris. She lifted her head and stared at Cane, whose expression didn’t change at all after that sudden act of affection. 
"I heard you will need me during the final fitting of the ceremony outfits." Hanna had told him before about this, because she thought Iris wouldn’t bring it up, since she didn’t want to bother the Alpha. 
More so, with the recent events, everyone was very busy with other important problems, none of them would remember about the ceremony that probably would be postponed or canceled. 
However, Felicity, the seamstress, didn’t budge. She wanted to finish the job that she had started and even if the ceremony was canceled, she would have the dresses ready when the time came. That was one of her antics. 
"How do you know?" Iris was surprised that Cane knew about that. 
Yet, instead of answering her question, Cane caressed her head and spoke briefly to her. "I will come at noon." 
And after saying that, the Alpha walked out of the room to tend to the brewing problems that he had created. He didn’t look panicked, nor was he flustered with the intensity of the chaos in the capital city and also inside the court. After a good night’s sleep, he felt even better. 
Meanwhile, Iris stared at the closed door for a while, gradually a sheepish smile appeared on the corners of her lips. She touched her forehead, where Cane had kissed her. It was only a small gesture and it was not the first time he did that, but after last night’s conversation, it felt different. 
Cane kept his words, he was indeed trying to work on their relationship. And just like what he had said, he came this afternoon. 
"Miss, the Alpha is here," Hanna said giddily when she helped Iris to get into a dark purple gown. There was nothing fancy about this, as it was a simple gown with a V shaped collar, which showed her mark and her collarbones. It seemed Iris had to endure a little bit of coldness if the ceremony happened. 
They were not doing the final fitting for the gown in their bedroom, it was another room inside the King’s palace. 
"Yes, Ms. Felicity dragged him into a different room." Hanna even looked more excited than Iris to know the Alpha still cared enough about her missy to show up. 
Recently, she had been very gloomy because she couldn’t get in touch with Will. She didn’t know why he left without saying anything. He even didn’t reply to her letters that she left with one of the warriors when they went out of the palace to meet with him. 
The warrior said Will received the letters, but said nothing, he looked so quiet and this left Hanna worried. 
"You two will look perfect," Hanna kissed Iris’ cheek, while her missy clearly looked happy. Once Hanna finished braiding her hair, she gushed over her. "Look, how beautiful you are. The Alpha will fall head over heels for you. He will feel so lucky to have you in his life." 
"Stop it," Iris chided lightly, she felt Hanna’s words were too heavy and outrageous, but her personal maid only chuckled. 
"Oh, you don’t know what will happen in the future." 
That was right, no one could predict what would happen to their relationship in the future, when all of it started with an ill fate filled with hatred, pain and a lot of traumas.
###Chapter 261: SHE WAS SUMMONED TO THE MAIN HALL
Chapter 261: SHE WAS SUMMONED TO THE MAIN HALL
Iris stared at Cane. She had never seen him wear something so formal, but he did now, that too a dark purple color one, which surprisingly, suited him greatly. 
She had seen the King and the Crown Prince wear this color before, but none of them could exude the aura that emanated from the Alpha right now. He looked regal without even trying. People who didn’t know would mistake him for the King himself instead. 
The Alpha walked across the room and the way he carried himself was so graceful, as if the whole room lit up by his presence alone while every servant felt the need to bow to him, an urge that could be enforced only by a true sovereign. 
"Miss, you are ogling at him," Hanna mouthed when finally Iris shifted her attention toward her after a lot of nudges. The latter actually giggled to see her missy’s current expression. 
Iris immediately closed her mouth and lowered her head, embarrassed. 
Hanna immediately stepped aside when Cane approached Iris and took her hand. She lifted her head again and mumbled, "You look so fine." Her face was so red, she felt like kicking herself for being so silly. 
Thankfully, Cane’s paralyzed expression didn’t show any discomfort. 
"You look beautiful," Cane replied politely. He turned around to face Felicity, who was gushing over the two of them, beyond elated to witness how well her creations looked on the two of them. There was nothing that could make her happier than this. "Is it allright?" 
"Perfect!" Felicity clapped her hands. "I can’t wait for the real ceremony!" Her comment was a little bit insensitive because they knew what had happened, but she still wished for the ceremony to be held, yet no one would dare enough to voice it out. However, they couldn’t help but agree that the two of them looked perfect together. 
After that, Cane didn’t stay for long, once Felicity concluded there was nothing wrong, he immediately changed his clothes and left. It almost felt like he just stopped by to change clothes instead. 
But the fact that he made time for Iris and kept his words made her feel so happy. 
Cane was still taciturn and didn’t explain anything, their communication was yet to improve, nor did he let her know where he was going or what he would do, but Iris could feel his effort. 
Afterward, Hanna brought lunch into Iris’ bedroom, as both of them enjoyed their meal, someone knocked on the door and this made her frown. 
"What happened?" Iris asked because Hanna stopped talking in the middle of their conversation. She was filling her in on the gossip around this palace, especially the ones involving Princess Osana. 
If it was not for Hanna, Iris would have been very clueless about what was going on around her and so blind about the power struggle and also the relationship dynamic between the members of the royal family, since Cane wouldn’t have explained such things to her. 
But, Hanna kept her well informed about her surroundings, after all, certain servants knew better than any spies and Hanna was good at making new friends. 
"It is a messenger from the Crown Prince," Hanna said after she listened to the guard out there introducing himself and asking for them to step out to hear the message. 
Iris and Hanna looked at each other, but the only way to figure it out was to open the door and find out by themselves what the Crown Prince wanted from her. Alan had left her alone all this time and didn’t intentionally find trouble with Cane, though Ethan was still locked inside the palace of the fourth prince, Vemion, while he couldn’t do anything about it. 
It was strange, but Iris assumed Cane must have something to do about it. 
"Luna Iris, you are summoned to the main hall and you are expected to leave now," the guard said and that was it, there was no further explanation. The four guards behind him would escort her. 
"Why?" Hanna asked, she clutched onto Iris, as if she was trying to protect her, but a royal guard wouldn’t answer a question from a servant like her, if they were not even willing to divulge the reason when Iris asked them. 
"Is my mate there?" At the very least, she could ask about this. 
"Yes, the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack is there," the guard replied, which made Iris sigh in relief. 
As long as Cane was there, she was sure she would be fine. After all, the Crown Prince wouldn’t find fault with her. 
"I will be back soon," Iris said to Hanna and after some coaxing, she finally let her go and put a warm cloak on her before she left with the guards. 
Iris had been to the main hall the first time she was here to meet with the King and his loyal subjects, thus to be summoned to that place again, she assumed something significant had happened, but she didn’t have any idea what that was. 
While they were walking, Iris tried to recall all the information Hanna had filled her in on, but there was nothing that entailed this. 
She also looked around, thinking that it was a trap, but they indeed walked toward the main hall and once the door was opened, the first thing she saw was Ethan. 
The Gamma was standing in the middle of the main hall. He was standing straight in front of the King while Cane stood by his side. Both of them looked surprised to see her there. 
Iris looked around and she realized it was not only the two of them, but also almost all the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack were there. 
What was going on here? 
Once Iris took a step inside the main hall, the guards stepped back and walked out of the room, leaving her standing there awkwardly. 
"I am the one who has summoned her," Alan declared, grinning from ear to ear. "The Luna of the pack should witness this as well, right?"
###Chapter 262: ETHAN WAS SEEING RED
Chapter 262: ETHAN WAS SEEING RED
This was the first time for Iris to see Ethan again after more than a week as he had been locked inside a room, he was under house arrest, which was better than being thrown into a dungeon. 
And from what Iris knew, the Gamma hated it that he was being locked, he would get panic attacks and she had witnessed it firsthand when they went to the auction place. 
But Iris had never thought the Gamma would look so different like right now. He was skinnier than the last time she saw him, there were huge dark circles under his eyes and those eyes looked so dim. 
Knowing how lively was Ethan usually, it was so devastating to see how he was right now, as if his whole life had been sucked out of him. He was extremely quiet. 
Iris was staring at Ethan when Alan clapped his hands to get all the people’s attention and his movement caught her attention to look at the Crown Prince. On the throne, the King sat down comfortably with his loyal subjects before him and Queen Della by his side. 
It was still a mind boggling fact for Iris to know that she had seen her naked and having sex with Aderan, but no one from the royal family knew about it. 
"I am the one who has summoned her," Alan declared, grinning from ear to ear. "The Luna of the pack should witness this as well, right?" 
Once Iris read what Alan said, she immediately realized what was going on and why Ethan was also here. She shifted her attention toward Cane, but he wasn’t looking at her. Instead, he was talking to the Crown Prince. 
"Thank you to the Crown Prince for including my mate, but I don’t think it will be necessary for her to be here." Cane was not pleased, but he didn’t show it on his expression. 
"Why not? She is your mate, she is the Luna of your pack, she should know what happened to her subject. I am sure my father agrees with me." Alan turned his head to look at his father, who nodded. 
The King had been rumored to be not in a good condition and seeing him right now, Iris was convinced the old King was ill. He looked lethargic, but his eyes still looked shrewd. 
"The Crown Prince’s words are right. She should be here and know what happened. You can not put her in the dark regarding the matters of the pack." 
Cane said nothing when the King didn’t to it, after all, there was no point in arguing over it. 
Seeing Cane couldn’t retort, Alan felt very smug, he was satisfied to finally manage to shut him up and win this time around, even though if one took a step back, they would realize it was the King that put Cane in place with the authority he held, not the Crown Prince. 
It was still too early to have discord so openly with the King. 
Cane looked at Iris, she was standing close to the door, while he and Ethan were in the middle of the hall. 
’Stay there,’ Cane mouthed to her when she hesitated to approach him. 
Reading that, Iris stood in her place and watched on as everything unfolded. 
Archie, the King’s advisor, then stepped forward, his voice was loud and firm when he announced the punishment for the Gamma, which made all the members of the Howling Wolf pack hold their breath. Redmond being the only exception. 
At first, the advisor reiterated what had transpired between the Crown Prince and the Gamma, and deemed it was only a brawl, just like what Cane insinuated, which made Iris feel relieved because the punishment wouldn’t be so bad and they wouldn’t kill Ethan for the offense, since both parties had consented to the physical altercation. 
"... but, the Gamma from the Howling Wolf pack must apologize for hurting a member of the royal family, the Crown Prince of the Ogregon Kingdom. He needs to reflect on himself and sincerely regret his wrong conduct." 
After the declaration, Alan stood up from his seat and walked toward Ethan, who was seething dangerously. 
However, if it was an apology, he thought he could do that. There was nothing to be stubborn about if an apology could save his life, even more when he realized his alpha had done his absolute best to get him out of this mess. 
At the very least, he could lower his ego for him. 
However, if a simple half ass apology was all Alan was seeking, Ethan had underestimated the Crown Prince, because he had this inept ability to turn bad things into worse ones. 
"I will count your apology as a sincere one if you crawl on your knees and arms, and kiss my feet." Alan kicked off his shoes and showed Ethan his bare left foot. He wriggled it provocatively. 
He had nothing to lose, if Ethan decided to attack him, he would meet his demise right there and then and his death would be justified, because he had every intention to attack the Crown Prince in front of so many eyes, in front of the King. 
Humiliation. 
Alan had thought about this. If he couldn’t torture him, he could get his revenge in one way or another and from what he saw, making someone, who had been enslaved before, like Ethan, feel humiliated was a great method to provoke them. 
Iris was shocked after reading what he had said. Detestable! How could he come up with such an idea?! She looked around and realized he wanted to crush Ethan’s self esteem and his reputation and also the respect that the pack members held for him by degrading him to such an extent. After all, Ethan was the Gamma, he was the third in command of the Alpha. 
[Calm yourself.] Cane mindlinked his gamma. 
[No. I am going to kill him and bring down as many people as I can!] Ethan snapped. He was seeing red at this point.
###Chapter 263: PROVOCATION
Chapter 263: PROVOCATION
Iris knew that this would happen soon, still catching the sight of Ethan right now hurt her heart so badly, because the Gamma didn’t look like himself. Iris hated to see him like that. He was the most radiant person that she had ever met. 
However, right now, he looked like nothing, but a shell of himself. 
Yet, things only got worse when Alan demanded the Gamma to kiss his feet, while crawling, begging for an apology from him. 
[I am going to kill him! I will bring down as many people as I can! He deserves to die!] If there was one thing that Ethan regretted throughout this whole ordeal, it was the fact that he hadn’t managed to snuff the life out of that crown prince and been done with it. 
Alan must have come up with this method because he remembered what Gerald had done to the members of the Howling Wolf pack in the past. The idea must have stemmed from it and he knew very well how much they hated it to be humiliated. 
Ethan literally let out a dangerous growl that made all the royal guards tense up. 
He could endure to be locked inside the room for days, despite his fear and being cut off from any information about what was going on out there. He didn’t mind apologising for what he had done either, though he didn’t feel like it. Just so the Alpha wouldn’t be implicated and would be able to get out of this problem soon. 
However, to kiss Alan’s foot and apologize to him, while crawling on both his arms and legs, that was too much. He would rather die and wreak havoc here rather than to be humiliated that way. 
Ethan had been humiliated for years. Of course, no matter how many times, it was still demeaning and degrading. He didn’t wish to go through that hopeless state again. He didn’t want to go back to that period of time. There was no way he would do that. 
Receiving a death sentence would be more honorable than this. 
Yet, Cane repressed him. The Alpha suppressed Ethan’s beast, so he had a great trouble shifting into his wolf form and bringing hell upon this main hall. It would be great if he could kill the King as well, though it was almost impossible. 
The royal family was nothing, but a swamp of nasty people gathered together. All of them knew that the King was behind their slavery for a decade, but now he acted righteous and this idiotic crown prince would only summon calamity over the kingdom once he got the crown on his head. 
Therefore, Ethan would actually be doing a favor for this realm by killing them all! 
[Calm down.] Cane mind linked him. It was a great thing that he could recover the mind link between him and his gamma and beta, though they had to be so close for it to work. 
[I am going to kill them all!] Despite that, Ethan couldn’t shift and this angered him even further. 
Knowing he couldn’t talk sense into his gamma, Cane shifted his attention toward the King, he skipped the Crown Prince entirely, which pissed him off, because once again, he was being ignored by Cane. 
"My King, he is my gamma. His status represents the pack." Cane’s voice was neither loud nor stern. He talked so calmly, which made all of them wonder how he could keep his composure even while facing this unreasonable king. "His apology comes from his misconduct, but the demeaning act that the Crown Prince demanded will mirror the whole pack. Did the Crown Prince mean to insult and degrade the whole Howling Wolf pack?" 
"You twisted my words!" Alan hollered, he was fuming because once again, Cane was playing with his words. "How will I know he apologized sincerely, if he is not willing to show any effort?!" He turned around to face his father, feeling dissatisfied when no one spoke up for him to stop Cane and the King was contemplating. "Father! This mutt is trying to manipulate you again!" 
"Atrocious!" Cane roared. His voice boomed inside the main hall and this made Alan jump a little out of surprise, because he didn’t think the Alpha would dare enough to raise his voice in the presence of the King. "Show your respect!" 
Even Iris was startled to see how ferocious Cane was right now, the tension was so thick in this room, everyone’s eyes were on her mate and she wondered how he could handle such intense attention from all the people. 
Is it alright to snap like that? 
Iris was worried the King would punish Cane instead. 
"Wh- why should I show you respect!? You don’t deserve it!" Alan felt humiliated to be reprimanded harshly in front of many important people. But, he couldn’t hide his fear properly, as he stammered and this made all the people inside the hall show their dissatisfaction with the Crown Prince. 
They couldn’t understand why the King chose him to be the Crown Prince when he displayed how incompetent he was time and again. 
Alan literally humiliated himself, but it was only him, who didn’t see it that way. 
"I am the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack," Cane said coldly, all of the people could feel the authority rolled off his voice. "I was born from the legitimate Princess of the previous queen. The royal sister of the current King. I am also part of the royal family." 
Almost everyone had forgotten about this fact and even if they did remember about Cane’s royal bloodline, they didn’t pay close attention to it, because neither Princess Crystal nor Cane had ever mentioned about it until now. 
It was not a secret, but it was not something to talk about either, knowing how sensitive that fact was for King Aeon, since the current king was born to a mistress. 
However, Cane brought that fact to light in front of everyone, reminded them about his bloodline, but in a way that pushed all the blame onto Alan for his own outburst. 
If Alan didn’t provoke him, he wouldn’t have said those things.
###Chapter 264: PART OF CANE’S RESPONSIBILITY
Chapter 264: PART OF CANE’S RESPONSIBILITY
It was Alan’s fault that Cane reacted so drastically. If only he didn’t provoke him, he wouldn’t have said those things out loud, reminded all of them about how King Aeon succeeded the throne, even though he was born to a mistress, the same as Alan. 
The current crown prince was also born to a mistress and this didn’t project the King and his favorite son in good light, who he stubbornly appointed as the Crown Prince, as it gave a feeling that King Aeon reflected himself so much in Alan. 
As of now, the King was fuming mad upon the Crown Prince’s slip and how clueless he was about his own predicament. 
How could he be so stupid not to see that Cane provoked him intentionally? That the Alpha knew how to hit and say the right things to aggravate him further, while keeping his own reaction and response justified? They couldn’t completely blame Cane for that, nor what he said was a lie, because as disturbing as it sounded for some people, that was the truth. 
"You...!" Alan shrieked, he wanted to rip Cane into pieces, but then he realized he didn’t dare to fight this battle- hardened alpha. He lost to his gamma, there was no one who could guarantee he could come out alive if he fought the Alpha. 
"ENOUGH!" King Aeon slammed his hand against his arm rest and stood up. His figure towered above everyone else, as his face turned so red. He was furious beyond words. 
He was angry at Cane for bringing up that fact to light in front of his subjects, but he was even more mad at Alan for provoking the Alpha, even though he had warned him to shut his mouth and think thrice before he evoked Cane’s wrath. 
The fact that the King couldn’t even punish Cane for what he said and let him act crudely because he had to be cautious against the Alpha for the matters of the Asturi stem and the north, made the King feel stifled with anger. 
He wanted to slap his idiotic son to death! Probably there was something wrong with his brain, which caused him to be so stupid! 
When Aeon was around Alan’s age, he managed to secure the throne for himself, scheming against all the candidates for the throne and came out as a victor, but Alan right now was not even able to have a face off with an alpha?! It was ridiculous! 
Forget about concocting a plan to gain some benefits for himself, Alan kept digging his own grave deeper instead! 
Aeon had received endless complaints about how unfit Alan was as the Crown Prince, but he managed to shut them up, and right now, the complaints would start again and it would only add to the pile of troubles that had yet to be resolved. 
"You went too far, Crown Prince!" King Aeon reprimanded him harshly. The fact he had to appease Cane’s anger got on his nerves, but at the same time, he didn’t want to back down and give the impression that Cane could do whatever he wanted. 
Especially when the Alpha had kept bringing up the topics that exasperated him, such as the black magic and his bloodline, ever since he arrived in the capital city. 
"Father!" Alan shrieked, he felt wronged. 
However, King Aeon didn’t pay any attention to him, but he directed his eyes on Ethan. "Kneel and apologize!" 
The King still demanded for the Gamma to kneel and apologize to the Crown Prince, but it was not as humiliating as when Alan demanded for him to crawl and kiss his feet. 
This was the best middle ground for this situation, as it didn’t make both the King and the Alpha lose their faces in front of the many people in this main hall. 
[Do it.] Cane said in a stern voice. He was at his limit right now, though no one realized it, because he had been suppressing Ethan’s beast. It was not an easy feat to achieve, especially when Ethan was so strong and he was so close to insanity once he let loose his anger. 
[I would rather kill myself than to kneel in front of that damned Crown Prince!] Ethan was enraged. He didn’t want to yield a step. His judgment was clouded by his anger. 
If Alan hadn’t provoked him, he might be willing to kneel and apologize, but not now.
[Why do you want to kill yourself when you’ll have the opportunity to kill the person who made you this miserable?] 
Ethan turned his head abruptly when those words echoed in his head. His shock at the Alpha’s words eclipsed his anger. What did he mean? 
He wanted to ask about it, but Cane had closed his mind, thus he couldn’t reach him through the mind link anymore and there was no way he could talk to him about it in front of so many people. 
Ethan was stunned. Cane didn’t say it maliciously, but it sounded like a promise, yet he was not sure whether he was reading too deep into his words or something else. 
"Kneel and apologize or you can accept the royal punishment for your actions!" The King roared impatiently. 
Ethan was conflicted, but in the end, he knelt and murmured his apology. Though it sounded insincere, no one called him out on that, not even Alan. It seemed the King had put him in his place, as he could only stand there, seething in anger, extremely dissatisfied. 
The Gamma did that not because of the King’s threat, but because he wanted to live and see what the Alpha meant by his words. 
Once it was done and Ethan had stood up again, as he didn’t waste a second to keep kneeling in front of the nasty crown prince, the King spoke something that Cane didn’t expect at all. 
"This trivial problem has been resolved and now because of the current incident with the monsters, I want to give a special order to the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack." King Aeon then added pettily. "As he is part of the royal family, he is part of this responsibility as well..."
###Chapter 265: THE CUNNING ALPHA
Chapter 265: THE CUNNING ALPHA
The problem between Ethan and the Crown Prince was resolved just like that. Though it ended in less than fifteen minutes, a lot of threats and twisted words were exchanged between the King and the Alpha before all of this could end, as both of them kept pressuring one another in such a roundabout way. 
It was not an easy bargain for Cane as well to get a hold of the King’s power and authority, so he could get his gamma out of it alive. 
Therefore, Cane had prepared for the counterattack from the King, but what he heard next was something very far from his expectations. 
"I want to give a special order to the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack. As he is part of the royal family, he is part of this responsibility as well to reassure the people that the royals have everything under control." King Aeon mentioned that out of spite. "I will appoint the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack, Alpha Cane, to lead the investigation on the black magic, the lycan and the sudden monster attacks during the new year!" 
Cane narrowed his eyes when he heard that, but his expression didn’t show anything. 
"Alpha Cane will take charge as the special emissary of the King to calm the public and find out who is responsible for all those incidents!" King Aeon was not satisfied to burden Cane with only that responsibility, because he added more. "A curse of black magic has caused misery upon Princess Osana. I want the person responsible for that to be hanged before summer!" 
Summer. It meant, the King gave Cane only half a year to resolve the problems of the black magic and the monster attack. 
With that order, one could say that the King had burdened the Alpha with all the responsibilities regarding the recent incidents and wished for him to resolve everything within such a short time. 
Even if it was the King himself who took the responsibility and exhausted all his resources, he wouldn’t be able to get any satisfying result within half a year! Let alone Cane, whose territory was not close to the capital city at all. He was not even familiar with this area. 
He only recently became the Alpha. 
This task was set to fail to begin with and all of the people there could see that. There was no way the King would sit idle if Cane didn’t meet his expectations and give a satisfying result when summer came. 
King Aeon simply dumped all the problems on the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack and threw him out to the angry and agitated people, who only knew tiny pieces of information about him. One such fact being that he was an ex-slave, who managed to lead his people toward freedom from their tyrant, but it wouldn’t be enough to calm and reassure them that he was up to this task. 
"You will be appointed as my special emissary and start your investigation as soon as possible!" King Aeon’s voice boomed inside this silent main hall. All of the people held their breaths when they heard this. 
The task was so cruel. Originally, they would discuss their next steps and proceed with caution, but the King simply put all the responsibility on Cane, which meant he would be the only person that would be punished if he failed. 
Kade, one of the King’s right hand men, stepped forward. He wanted to interject the decision, but the King stopped him through mindlink. The voice in his head was so powerful, he couldn’t even utter a single word. 
"Alpha Cane, accept your duty to this kingdom!" Archie, the king’s advisor, spoke loudly. He stepped forward with a missive in his hand, it was a symbol of the duty that the King entrusted him with. 
The old advisor walked steadily toward Cane and the Alpha had to bend his knees to receive the order, but he didn’t do it, even after Archie stopped in front of him. This made all the people gasp, because it could be taken as him refusing a direct order and it was unheard of. 
No one ever refused a direct order from the King, unless they were waiting for their death. 
On the other hand, Iris fiddled with her fingers, she was anxious. It was a dead end for Cane, whether he accepted it or not. 
Iris believed the curse on Princess Osana had something to do with Cane, he probably ordered the dark sorcerer, who placed the lycan in him, to do something to the Princess, though she was not sure why Cane would do something like that. 
More so, the lycan was him. How could he solve the problem with the lycan, unless he surrendered himself, which was out of options. 
"Alpha Cane, bend your knees and receive the order from the King!" Archie’s voice was so loud, his eyes hard on Cane. He didn’t believe this alpha would openly refuse the King’s order. 
However, Cane paid no mind to him, as he looked at the king directly when he spoke. "My wise king, may I know what kind of authority the King’s special emissary will get?" Cane asked the King politely, but the tension was so high. He actually had the audacity to question this. 
The question came unexpectedly and this caught King Aeon off guard for a moment, but he recomposed himself quickly. 
However, before he could speak, Cane beat him to it. "As the King’s special emissary, can I get all the resources available to help hasten the investigation?" 
King Aeon gritted his teeth. The request was so brazen, but seeing the current situation and the heavy problem, also the huge responsibility he had given to him, it would not make sense if he rejected it. 
"Yes." 
Cane smiled lightly, the kind of smile that was filled with calculation. "I am assuming that includes using the golden stamp as well." 
Holding the golden stamp meant your authority was above everyone else. You could even move the royal warriors at your command, no questions asked.
###Chapter 266: THE ASSASINATION PLAN
Chapter 266: THE ASSASINATION PLAN
"If I remember correctly, the Crown Prince got a hold of the golden stamp in the past." Cane deigned a little bit of attention on Alan, as he glanced at him briefly. "So, I assumed, with a huge responsibility that the King entrusted me with, my duty will hold the same importance as the Crown Prince had, for him to get a hold of the golden stamp in the past." 
It was an insult Cane wrapped in beautiful words. 
Everyone in this main hall knew Alan didn’t do anything important when he got a hold of the golden stamp. In actuality; he created chaos in the whole kingdom, which only ended after two years, but he only got six months of punishment. 
All of the people in the court were very displeased at that time and made a petition to dethrone the Crown Prince and for the King to choose someone else, who was more competent, yet the King didn’t budge, even until this second, Alan was still crowned as the next person to the throne. 
And again, Cane brought up an unspoken topic that shouldn’t have been mentioned in front of the King and put the Sovereign in a rock and a hard place. 
King Aeon couldn’t refuse that because Cane had set a comparison of the importance of the situation between his and Alan’s. 
It was ridiculous when Alan was allowed to hold the golden stamp when he only fooled around with it, while the King refused Cane to have it in such critical moments such as this time. 
"Yes, you can have the golden stamp," King Aeon said through his gritted teeth. 
Hearing that, Alan whipped his head around, about to protest again, but he immediately clamped his mouth shut and lowered his head when he heard his father’s voice booming in his head, as he warned him harshly through the mindlink. 
The pitiful crown prince could only ball his fists and endure the humiliation, while cussing at Cane in his mind. He would jump at the first opportunity if he had a chance to kill this alpha and about that thought, Alan and King Aeon shared the same sentiment. 
"Thank you, My King, you are wise and just." Cane finally bent down and knelt in front of Archie, as he received the missive, which symbolized he accepted the duty, a direct order from the King in front of everyone. 
The members of the Howling Wolf pack who were there shared mixed feelings, especially Ethan and Iris, who knew the storm had not yet passed. 
Even though Cane received the golden stamp, the fact that he had to solve the problem with the lycan, the black magic, the curse on Princess Osana and also calming down the public, entailed way too many responsibilities. 
How would he handle everything? How could he deal with the problem with the lycan when he himself was the lycan! 
"Alpha..." Iris tugged his sleeve discretely when they finally could leave the main hall. Even though the problem about Ethan finally ended, none of them looked delighted. 
The new duty from the King meant they had to spend months in the capital city and no one was thrilled with that news. 
"Later," Cane said. He grabbed Iris’ hand that tugged his sleeve and pulled her away toward a different direction from their bedroom. 
Usually, Cane would send her back to her bedroom and let Hanna accompany her until night came and she fell asleep. Cane would come and they would sleep throughout the night. Every morning, he would leave without any explanation. 
But right now, Cane actually took her with him to the warrior’s quarters, where he pulled Iris inside a room and closed the door after Ethan entered as well, giving the three of them some privacy. 
Meanwhile, out there, the rest of the warriors were baffled. They knew the Alpha would have a private talk with his gamma, but why was the Luna inside the room as well? They looked at each other, but none of them could figure out what was in their alpha’s mind to include his mate in his private talk with Ethan. Iris was no help and had nothing to do with it. 
Not only them, even Iris herself was confused, as she retreated to a corner and made her presence as insignificant as possible. 
On the other hand, Cane and Ethan seemed to have completely forgotten about her existence, as they stared at each other. The Gamma had a lot to say, but he couldn’t bring himself to ask the questions without getting emotional. 
He was frustrated and humiliated, even though he wasn’t forced to crawl and beg for forgiveness from that damned crown prince, there was still turmoil inside of him. 
Cane waited as usual, until his gamma was ready for having a conversation with him. 
"What did you mean by what you said to me earlier? Did you say that just to placate me?" Ethan finally spoke after he was sure that he wouldn’t snap at his alpha. "Or do you really have some plan to kill that nasty person?" He hissed viciously. His whole body was trembling, he fought himself from shifting into his beast and rushing out of the room to kill Alan or anyone from the royal family. 
"I have a plan," Cane replied curtly. 
"What is it?" Ethan narrowed his eyes. He calmed down a little bit when he heard that. 
"You will know when the time comes." 
Ethan growled when he heard that, though he expected this from his alpha. Cane would give them an order without a bigger picture of what he was going to do, the only thing they needed to focus on was to execute the order smoothly. 
The only time they would know his whole plan was when they saw the end result of it and they put two and two together. 
"I want to be the one to kill him." 
"Hm." Cane nodded. 
Meanwhile, Iris clutched her chest. Was it alright to discuss the plan to assassinate the Crown Prince so casually like this?
###Chapter 267: YOU ARE LAUGHING
Chapter 267: YOU ARE LAUGHING
Cane and Ethan didn’t say anything much after that. There was this tacit understanding between them, they were going ahead with the Alpha’s plan. The Alpha would be the mastermind, while Ethan and the rest would be the executioners. 
They didn’t need any explanation for the whole plan, as they trusted their alpha completely. They would go through fire and storm without any question if that was what Cane told them to do. 
Iris was jealous of the bond and trust that they shared together. She felt like she would never be part of them. She would be forever an outsider, though they warmed up to her a little bit and were less vicious toward her these few days, it couldn’t overturn the fact that she was Gerald’s daughter and what her father had done to them would be forever engraved in their hearts. 
A bond sprouted out of such devotion and loyalty was the strongest and the most valuable thing in this wretched realm, where people stabbed each other behind their backs and tried to scheme against one another to achieve their own goals. 
And now, Cane joined in the fray as well. 
Iris was worried, because the whole thing seemed very dangerous and she was right in the middle of this game plan. She knew too much. 
Probably this was why people said ignorance was a blessing. Because the more she knew, the deeper she got involved and the more she was scared of what would happen. 
She couldn’t care less about anyone else, but she did care about Cane and the members of their pack. There were countless people that she was fond of. 
When Iris was deep in thought, she felt his finger under her chin and lifted her head up, so she could look at him. "What are you thinking?" 
Iris shook her head, yet Cane didn’t buy it. He stared at her, waiting, as he usually did, until she caved in. He knew that she would tell him eventually. 
"Do you aim for the throne?" Iris asked in a small voice, she was afraid someone would hear this, even though they were alone in this room. 
She noticed Ethan had left some time after she had stopped reading their conversation and was deep in her own thoughts, until she didn’t realize Cane had dismissed the Gamma, because he noticed how troubled Iris’ expression was. 
However, her question caught him off guard. He thought she would be afraid after learning that he had a plan in motion to kill the Crown Prince, but he didn’t expect that was the first question to leave her lips. 
"Why do you think so?" His voice was calm, despite his surprise. 
Iris bit her lip. She tried to find the right words to tell him what she was thinking without sounding too brazen. "You have mentioned your bloodline twice since we arrived in the capital city," she started. "You will never say something useless. There is always some meaning behind your words or actions, especially when you bring up such sensitive topics." 
It was a taboo thing to bring up the topic of bloodline or succession within the palace, especially about how King Aeon got the throne, even though he was born to a mistress. 
However, Cane brought the topic to light, as if he was reminding people about that unspoken fact, yet he did it very smoothly, until people couldn’t blame him for that, nor could they accuse him of eyeing the throne for himself. The reminder was very subtle and justified. People were only reminded of that fact without feeling doubtful of Cane’s motives. 
A look of surprise flitted across Cane’s dark eyes when he heard Iris’ explanation. No one paid attention to that, nor would they think about him aiming for the throne, but of course, he had to take precautions to ensure the King that he didn’t have the motive and desire for more power.
However, Iris could tell. Was this because she was too sensitive, or was it because he was too blunt and aggressive in his approach? 
Cane realized the matter with Will and Princess Osana enraged him and he was a little bit reckless there to hasten the plan. 
And now, with Iris noticing that, he should reevaluate everything. He couldn’t let his emotions get the better of him. 
"Are you afraid? Do you not want to get involved?" Cane caressed her earlobe with his thumb, which made her squirm lightly because it was ticklish. 
Since Iris had noticed that, he would be honest with her. He noticed one thing about her; she was actually a good observer. 
On the other hand, Iris thought about the question for a while. Was she afraid? Would she back down? Did she not want to get involved? 
Iris caught his hand and stopped him from caressing her earlobe. She held his hand. "Then I will be the first runt to be the Queen of shifters?" 
Somehow, that reply made Cane laugh. It was a light chuckle, but it was so different. It sounded genuine and wasn’t filled with malice. He really found what Iris said was funny. 
His mate didn’t say she was afraid, nor did she want nothing to do with the whole plan, but she jumped straight to say that she would be the first runt to be the Queen of the shifter kingdom. Wasn’t she overly optimistic about the end result? 
Cane would understand if she didn’t want to get involved or if she was afraid. He had thought about it and had a few escape plans for her if everything fell apart and he failed. He wouldn’t drag her down with him. 
But the fact she was not only not afraid, but chose to stay with him, was something that he appreciated. 
Despite her soft nature and timid self, she was not as easily scared as she seemed to be. Instead, she was quite a good observer. 
"You are laughing," Iris blurted out. She was stunned, because this was her first time seeing him laugh without prevarication. 
Cane’s face turned stiff, he then took her hand and turned around to walk away, which made Iris smile, at the very least, he didn’t leave her behind.
###Chapter 268: IRIS LIED WITH STRAIGHT FACE
Chapter 268: IRIS LIED WITH STRAIGHT FACE
Because one of the warriors informed Cane that he was summoned by the King to receive the golden stamp and he needed to go to the throne room, the Alpha couldn’t walk Iris back to their bedroom and ordered Trion to do it, but the Gamma stepped forward and volunteered. 
"Let me do it, I need to walk." He had been locked for days, ever since they arrived in the palace and the last thing he wanted was to stay in the same place. He needed to let out some steam. 
"You go with them," Cane said to Trion. He needed someone else to keep their eyes on Ethan, so the Gamma wouldn’t cause trouble again. 
Ethan pursed his lips, but he didn’t say anything. He didn’t mind having someone keeping him in check, since he was not sure he was already in the right mind and mentally stable enough after the whole ordeal. 
Thus, the two of them escorted Iris back to her bedroom. 
Along the way, Trion tried to engage Ethan in a conversation, but he either answered him curtly, or simply ignored him, while Iris remained quiet. She could see that the gamma didn’t want to be disturbed and probably he offered to walk her back because he knew the other warriors sympathized with him and would want to talk to him about how it was so close for him to get a final verdict and lose his life. 
Such a conversation was not the outlet that Ethan was looking for, nor did he have the energy to talk or deal with them. 
Meanwhile, walking with Iris meant silence, because she was not as noisy as those warriors and that was what Ethan wanted. 
In the end, Trion got the hint and kept quiet. He stopped asking Ethan and the three of them walked without saying anything. 
It was peaceful and the sun shone brightly, though the wind was still so cold and Iris had to adjust her cloak and quicken her pace to keep up with both of them. They were used to walking in a hurry, thus they didn’t notice her struggling, since this was their normal pace. 
However, halfway toward her chamber, they ran into Nala, who looked so surprised to see the three of them, especially Iris. She had actually run until her cheeks turned red. 
The sight of the woman was lovely, since Nala was one of the most beautiful women in the palace, but Iris was not happy to see her, especially after reading what she said.
"May I know where Alpha Cane is?" Nala asked Ethan and Trion, avoiding eye contact with Iris. 
Ethan and Trion frowned, they looked at each other, but before they could say anything, it was Iris who asked a question back. 
"May I know what you need my mate for?" Iris asked, she kept her voice polite, but they noticed the possessiveness in her voice when she said ’my mate’, instead of the Alpha, like she used to address Cane. 
Nala was a little bit flustered when she heard that and it wouldn’t look good on her if she blatantly refused to acknowledge Iris’ question, after all, her status as the Luna was higher than hers. 
"The Alpha is summoned to the throne room to receive the golden stamp, I need to inform him." Her father had told her about this and she volunteered to relay the message directly to the Alpha, as her attempt to have a chance to be close with him. 
At first, Nala took the task of seducing Cane as a duty, but after seeing how differently the Alpha treated his mate compared to the other male shifters, she became curious and genuinely interested in him. 
Of course, she wouldn’t let go of a chance to have a conversation with the Alpha. 
Little did she know, the warriors of the Howling Wolf pack had reached Cane first once they heard the order was issued by the King. 
"Anything else?" Iris’ voice was so gentle, her expression was innocent. 
Nala shook her head. "This is the King’s order," she emphasized, letting them know how important this message was. 
Trion was about to tell her that the Alpha had headed toward the throne room and he had already received the order, but once again, Iris beat him to it, as she spoke guilelessly. 
"The Alpha left in that direction a moment ago." Iris pointed at a corridor to her left, which was in the opposite direction to the throne room, where Cane was actually heading to. 
"Oh, thank you!" Nala smiled enchantingly, her eyes lit up with excitement she couldn’t hide, as she rushed toward the wrong direction that Iris had pointed out for her. 
Her steps were so light, as if she were waltzing gracefully in this corridor, instead of running. 
Seeing that, Iris pursed her lips. She didn’t like this feeling and knew very well she was being petty, but she couldn’t help it, she was feeling jealous, because she had to admit that Nala was very beautiful. All of the men would say she was very gorgeous and compelling. 
Did Cane think the same too? 
"You are aware you gave her the wrong direction, right?" Ethan asked, his lips tugged upward when he saw Iris looking all sullen, her bright blue eyes were slightly dim when she stared at him. 
"I didn’t hear what you said," Iris replied innocently and walked away, ahead of the two of them. 
Ethan and Trion looked at each other before both of them burst out laughing. They didn’t know their luna could be so petty and was capable of lying with a straight face. They wondered what their alpha would think if he knew about this, because the short exchange between Iris and Nala was simply absurd and silly. 
Of course, Iris didn’t hear the question from Ethan, but she definitely read what he said. 
"Hey, wait for us!" Ethan rushed toward Iris, who was half running now, as if she was worried that Nala would come back and call her out on her lie. 
Ethan and Trion laughed, as they ran after their luna.
###Chapter 269: HEART WRENCHING CRIES
Chapter 269: HEART WRENCHING CRIES
"Prince Alan, please, calm your anger..." Corry pleaded with Alan, as he looked so afraid to watch on how he smashed everything that he could reach and literally destroyed his own bedroom out of anger. 
Not only was he not able to get what he wanted and humiliate Ethan, in extent to insult Cane, but it was him who had been dishonored in front of so many people. 
Not stopping at that, his father reproached him harshly for how stupid he handled the situation. If it was not for his mother, he would have been punished severely for not meeting his father’s expectations again. 
And now almost all the people in the court with higher ranks looked at him as if he was a scourge in their eyes.
"How dare they look at me like that!" Alan smashed another statue, which shattered to the floor once it hit the wall. "I am the Crown Prince of this kingdom! How dare they look down on me?!" 
"Please... calm your anger, Prince Alan. We will find a way to make the Alpha pay for all of this." Corry tried to assuage him, but the Crown Prince was too pissed to listen to him. 
"Shut up! Shut up! SHUT UP!" This time, Alan attacked Corry, as his claws emerged and left four glaring wounds across Corry’s face, which made the old advisor crumple to the floor, crying in pain, as blood oozed out from his wounds. 
With such wounds, he would heal within a few minutes, but of course, he would be in agony. 
Two warriors approached him and tried to help him to stand up and lead him out of the room, or else, they were afraid the Crown Prince would be too driven by his impulse and maul this old man right there and then. 
They were very familiar with his habits, after all this was not the first time for something like this to happen. The best thing was to let him do whatever he wanted. 
"Where is that boy?! Where is he?!" He shouted at the door, from where the warriors took out Corry. 
"Someone will bring him here, they must be on the way," one of the warriors replied politely to Alan, while the Crown Prince threw profanities at him, but he didn’t even flinch when Alan threw a fist sized box at him and let the wooden box hit his head. 
Not long after that, someone came with a little boy in his tow. This poor little boy had his head covered in a sack to hide his face from other people. Both of his hands and legs were tied, as he sat down inside a small cage that didn’t allow him to do anything, but sit still silently. 
Seeing this, Alan’s eyes lit up with malice. His anger shifted into something vicious once he saw this creature. 
"Open the cage!" He ordered the warrior, as the other warriors closed the door of the bedroom, because they knew soon after this, the room would be filled with the sounds of that poor little boy’s cries. 
When the cage was opened and the sack was pulled over his head, the scared little boy stared at Alan. His whole body was trembling, because he knew what was waiting for him was only pain. 
His grey eyes filled with dread and he kept shaking his head. His white hair looked messy and it was too long that it passed his shoulders, making him look so feminine and fragile, as his body was only skin and bones. He was a seven years old child, but he looked like four in this condition. He was extremely underweight and his body was full with scars because of the torture that he received almost on a daily basis. 
The little boy cried his eyes out and at the same time, his tears turned into diamonds. 
Yes, he was the diamond white tiger, the creature that Alan had bought for fifty thousand gold coins in the auction market. He was the last of his kind. 
The boy couldn’t plead, because his mouth was stuffed with a piece of cloth that was tied to a rope which was in return bound behind his head to make sure he wouldn’t spit the gag out. 
But, even when he was not able to say anything, you would understand that he was trying to beg for Alan not to hurt him, as he kept wriggling his body to move away from him. He was so scared. 
The royal warrior, who had brought him in, glanced at him and took pity on the poor creature. Even a battle hardened warrior like him still had a heart for the little boy, how could someone like Alan smile to see the horror in his beautiful grey eyes? His heart must be harder than a stone. 
"Good, keep crying. Keep crying," Alan cooed, as he crept closer toward the boy. 
Because his arms and legs were tied, it was hard for him to move, thus he could only wriggle his body, while crying helplessly. 
His tears turned into diamonds and the small sized diamonds scattered all over the floor right now. 
Someone like Alan would easily buy such things, but to see a miracle happen before his eyes and how this boy’s tears could turn into something valuable was satisfying, especially with the method. Alan liked the method to get the diamonds the most. 
"Cry harder! I want to see how big of a diamond that you can produce!" Alan grabbed his left leg and gripped it so hard, until you could hear the crack of his tender bone. 
The boy screamed in agony, the sound of it was heart wrenching, even the royal warrior, who was standing not so far from them, had his brows furrowed. The sight was disturbing even for him. 
As a warrior, he was used to fighting hard battles and killing his enemy without mercy, but not even once, he tortured a helpless child. 
He wanted to step up, but he knew it would only aggravate the already bad-tempered crown prince and he could lose his head as well by interfering. 
Alan broke the little boy’s left leg.
###Chapter 270: THE DOUBT IN THEIR EYES
Chapter 270: THE DOUBT IN THEIR EYES
When Lady Cyan paid a visit to her son, her perfect brows furrowed at the sight of the little diamond white tiger that curled his bloodied body in the corner of the room. He was barely alive after the torture that he received from Alan. 
She knew his son well and this sight didn’t surprise her, but she didn’t like the sight of blood, especially in something so unorganized like this room. 
She couldn’t even tell this was a crown prince’s room, because everything inside had been broken while shards of glasses littered the entire floor. 
"Mother..." Alan called her, but he stopped approaching Lady Cyan when he noticed dissatisfaction on her beautiful face. 
"Prepare another room for the Crown Prince," Lady Cyan said, as she turned around and walked out of the room. Alan followed her. 
"Mother, how could father reproach me so harshly? This is unfair! His son almost died at the hands of that mutt! But, he actually sided with that slave alpha!" Alan complained right away to his mother, like a five year old boy, though he was in his late twenties already. 
Lady Cyan was the King’s favorite mistress, the King liked her more than he liked his queen. Even though she was no longer as young as the Queen, her beauty was something that you would rarely see. There was something about her that would attract you and demand your full attention. 
She was a shrewd and elegant lady, thus people couldn’t understand how a woman like her could give birth to such a clueless son like the Crown Prince. 
"Mother!" Alan blew his top again when his mother ignored him, but as soon as Lady Cyan stopped walking and turned around to finally face her son, a harsh slap landed on his face. 
It was strong enough that Alan stumbled back on his feet and fell on his back. His eyes widened in surprise when he tried to register what had happened. 
In front of him, his mother stood tall with dignity, but her eyes were ablaze with rage. This was the first time for Alan to see his mother so enraged, especially toward him. 
This was also the first time his mother slapped him. 
"Mother, why did you..." Alan blinked his eyes, trying to comprehend the whole situation. 
"You are a disappointment." Lady Cyan glanced at the two warriors that stood close to them and they immediately helped Alan to stand up, while he was still reeling with a mix of emotions. "When will you learn to listen?" 
The King and she had warned him to keep his mouth shut and not to escalate the situation, as they would handle it, but this disgraceful son of hers didn’t listen. He opened his mouth and ruined the plan that the King and she had concocted. 
"I coddled you so much, until you don’t even know how to think and learn to read the situation." Lady Cyan narrowed her eyes, while Alan lowered his head. He looked like a little boy, who was being reprimanded by his parents for misbehaving. 
The sight of this made the royal warriors frown. How could someone like him be entrusted with the whole kingdom? 
What would happen when he finally ascended the throne? 
Sensing the questionable gazes from the warriors, Lady Cyan closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She reined in her emotions, it wouldn’t look good for her and Alan’s image if she lost it in front of them. 
It was not a secret that most people in the court did not favor Alan as the Crown Prince, they still hoped Prince Kellan to reclaim the throne, especially when a decade had passed and the incident had faded away from people’s minds. 
They still thought Prince Kellan suited the role more and was up to their expectations, more so, people loved him. He won the public’s hearts, while Alan only created trouble after trouble. 
"Meet me in my place right away after cleaning up yourself," Lady Cyan said in a stern voice and Alan could only agree timidly. 
Once Lady Cyan was out of sight, Alan lifted his head and glared at the royal warriors around him. "Call the healer and treat that creature! If he dies, all of you will die too!" He roared, venting out his frustration. 
He really wanted to torture that diamond white tiger again, but that creature would die if he beat him for one more time, more so, he was the last of his kind and it would be a waste if he had to die just like that. 
============================ 
Iris lifted her head when she sensed someone enter the room and her lips tugged into a beautiful smile when she saw Cane walk in. 
It was so rare for him to return to their bedroom at this hour. It was still afternoon and the weather was not as cold as before, thus Iris opened the window slightly to let the wind into the room, while she was reading her book. 
Hanna was away, thus she didn’t want to go out alone. She didn’t want to run into those members of the royal family, especially Nala or Lou. 
"Have you eaten?" Cane asked. He approached Iris and glanced at the book in her hand. She was still reading the information about this continent and the long history of the twelve packs in this kingdom. 
"Not yet," Iris said, she put away her book. She gave him her full attention. 
"Do you want to have lunch with me?" 
Iris was surprised to read that invitation, because she thought Cane only came for changing his clothes or taking something that he forgot, but he actually came to ask her to have lunch with him? 
"Yes, I would love to." She perked up, her eyes shone brightly like the blue sky. 
"Change your dress, we will go for a ride." Cane took the book that Iris was reading and opened it casually. 
"We will go for a ride?" Iris blinked her eyes. "Where are we going?"
###Chapter 271: SQUABLING
Chapter 271: SQUABLING
"We will go on a ride?" Iris blinked her eyes, if they were going on a ride, it meant they would go somewhere far. "Where are we going?" She thought Cane asked her to have lunch in the dining hall. 
"To the city," Cane said lightly. "You have not seen it." 
This was the first time for Iris to be in the capital city and when they went out before, it was not for sightseeing. 
"Oh, okay." Iris was thrilled that Cane was actually taking her with him to the city. 
She didn’t mind if he did this because he was concerned about the dark wisp that would make an appearance all of a sudden, forcing him to take her almost everywhere, or if he was taking her out just because he wanted to directly see the chaos in the city. She didn’t mind it at all. 
The fact that Cane included her and involved her in his plans made her feel she was part of something. This sense of belonging made her heart warm. 
It didn’t take long for Iris to change her dress into a simple one that was suitable for her to wear for a ride. 
"Can you ride by yourself?" Cane took her hand, as they walked out of the bedroom. He knew Redmond taught her how to ride, but he was not sure of the progress of it, since he had never seen her on horseback before. 
"I think I can," Iris replied, still doubtful. She remembered how frustrated Redmond was and he was barely satisfied the last time he taught her before they left for the capital city. But then, Redmond was a perfectionist, it was hard to meet his expectations. 
Cane said nothing, as he led the way to the front yard, where four horses were waiting for them. Aside from them, Redmond and Ethan would come as well and right now, the two of them were bickering again about something insignificant. 
Iris wondered if they would start to claw at each other’s faces if they were left alone for sometime. 
"I told you, she can’t ride a horse on her own!" Redmond barked. 
"I am not surprised to hear that. Due to your poor way of teaching, she still can’t ride a horse by herself!" Ethan bit back. He looked more like himself right now, though his face was a little bit pale and he was way skinnier than the last time they saw him before the order from the King to lock him up was executed. 
However, seeing him bickering with Redmond, somehow, gave a sense of relief for Iris. It was way better than looking at his hollow expression when she saw him in the main hall. 
"Say it again! I will cut your head off!" Redmond growled. 
"What? You should be ashamed of yourself!" Ethan didn’t back down. 
"Enough!" Cane snapped at the two of them and they stopped bickering, but they kept throwing dagger looks at each other. 
After making sure the two werewolves had backed down and wouldn’t kill each other off any time soon, Cane shifted his attention toward Iris beside him. 
"Go on," Cane said, as he let go of her hand and let her climb the horse by herself. 
"The horse is too big for her," Redmond chipped in. 
He was right. The horse was way too big for Iris, because the horse that she used to ride was a dainty horse, not a warhorse like this one, which looked so intimidating. 
Yet, stubbornly, Iris tried to climb it clumsily. It was hard and Cane could see how much she struggled. 
"I told you, she can’t ride this horse," Redmond scoffed. "She is too fragile for this kind of horse." And there, he ran his mouth recklessly again, thankfully, Iris didn’t know what he said and Cane didn’t want to waste his breath on him. 
In the end, Cane helped her to sit down comfortably on the horseback. She blanched because it was a little bit scary to ride this horse, as she held the reins so tightly. 
"Th- thank you." Iris stumbled with her words a little and when she thought Cane would take the other horse, he actually jumped easily and sat down behind her. 
And like what had happened the few times before, he trapped her small body between his arms, as her back leaned against his sturdy chest. 
The Alpha could see that his mate wouldn’t be able to handle this warhorse. She would only end up hurting herself if she insisted on riding alone. 
"See? I told you, she is too delicate for this kind of horse!" Redmond said to Ethan smugly. No matter what the problem, he would feel better if he could one up this gamma. 
Ethan was seething. He was not happy. "I will teach her how to ride and you will see, under my tutelage, not just a horse, she will be even able to ride a dragon!" 
That was ridiculous, even Ethan felt that sounded hilarious, but he kept a straight face when Redmond laughed his ass off. The Gamma climbed onto his horse and caught up with his alpha, who had left them behind, not even bothering about listening to their squabbling. 
The sky was so bright and the city was bustling, people were busy with their activities. And even though it looked normal, Iris could sense the tension in the air, especially with those eyes that looked at them curiously. 
They didn’t even hide their interest as to why the Alpha and the Luna of the Howling Wolf pack would be in the city without their retainers and with only two warriors by their side. 
Their curious gazes were specifically directed at Iris. This was the first time for them to see Gerald’s daughter. The runt. What they heard was true. She was beautiful with peculiar hair and eyes, but she looked so delicate and fragile, especially when Cane was sitting right behind her on the warhorse’s back, in comparison. 
Cane rode the horse slowly, as they reached a restaurant that was not too crowded, but there was a carriage right in front of it with the royal symbol. 
"We will eat with Prince Kellan," Cane said.
###Chapter 272: DON’T YOU REMEMBER
Chapter 272: DON’T YOU REMEMBER
The first thing that Iris noticed when they arrived at this quiet restaurant was the extravagant carriage in the color of dark purple in front of it. This place was not usually almost empty like this, but it was intentionally cleared because there was an important figure inside, as you could see a few royal warriors guarding this building. 
Only those Princes, Princesses and all the royal family, were allowed to take the royal warriors. 
Cane dismounted the horse and helped Iris to get down too, as one of the royal warriors approached them and took the horse away. 
"We will eat with Prince Kellan," Cane informed Iris. 
Hearing that name, she stiffened. A rush of uneasiness washed over her, she felt like she wanted to flee from this place, but instead, she let Cane pull her into the building. 
Iris did not know why she felt like this. She was almost sure she had never had any problem with Prince Kellan before. She barely remembered him, but why was the thought of him so dreadful? 
On the other hand, Cane glanced at Iris, he saw how sluggish she was. She lowered her head and clutched her dress tightly, something that she always did when she felt uncomfortable. 
However, Cane couldn’t figure out the reason for it. She was fine just a moment ago. 
A warrior walked them to the second floor and opened the first door on the left, letting them walk inside, while Ethan and Redmon stood on guard with the other royal warriors outside.
This room was not too big and there was only one table with four chairs in the middle of the room. The wall was white with a lot of pictures hanging on it. The air was filled with a citrus fragrance when they stepped in. 
Prince Kellan was sitting on his wheelchair, staring out through a huge window; the sky was clear and the winter sun was dim. 
The Prince turned his head when Cane and Iris approached the table. His smile was so warm, like a morning sun, as his eyes lit up gently. 
"It’s a pleasure to meet you both," Prince Kellan said in his pleasant voice. He looked exceptionally gorgeous in this dark purple robe. No wonder people liked him, because he had this charm to him that could make people comfortable to be close to him. 
However, Iris still felt uneasy at the sight of Prince Kellan. 
Cane took her to sit next to him, facing the Prince. He then got engaged in a conversation with the Prince. But Iris kept staring at her fingers, fiddling with her dress. 
"The pleasure is mine," Cane replied. 
They exchanged a few pleasantries before they ordered food for their lunch. A waitress came into the room and she looked smitten by the two men there. She knew about Prince Kellan, so she kept glancing curiously at Cane. 
Only when she noticed Iris with her auburn hair, did she get a clue about Cane’s identity. So, he was the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack. People in the city had been talking about the two of them. 
Cane tapped on Iris’ shoulder to get her attention. "What do you want to eat?" He asked, as he gave the menu to her. 
However, Iris didn’t even look at the menu at all before she spoke softly. "Same as what you want." 
Cane didn’t prod her and gave back the menu, as he ordered the same thing for both of them, while Prince Kellan ordered a few dishes. 
"Luna Iris, isn’t it?" Prince Kellan tried to rope Iris into the conversation and this made her lift her head, as Cane let her know that the Prince was talking to her. "The last time we met in the main hall, I didn’t have a chance to greet you. My apologies for my rudeness," Prince Kellan said politely. 
"It is supposed to be me who needs to apologize for not greeting you at that time." Iris’ voice sounded normal, but she couldn’t stop fiddling with her fingers, feeling uncomfortable. 
She felt so silly to have this kind of feeling when Prince Kellan had been nothing but respectful toward her. 
"I remember I went to the Blue Moon pack for the first time when you were only six years old. I saw you from afar because your hair is very pretty." Prince Kellan reminisced about that moment. 
Iris didn’t say anything, she didn’t remember any of that. She only knew the Prince often visited the Blue Moon pack, but her memory was fuzzy during that time. She couldn’t tell whether they had met when he visited or not, or what he was doing in the Blue Moon pack. 
"Did you remember when I comforted you when you cried because Alpha Gerald didn’t allow you to play with that stable boy?" Prince Kellan looked at her expression closely, waiting for her reaction when he mentioned that moment. 
But, Iris only remembered the stable boy that her father had killed because she played with him, yet she didn’t remember the part where Prince Kellan came to comfort her. 
That was the saddest moment that she wanted to forget about because she lost the only person she could call as a friend. 
"I am sorry, Prince Kellan, I don’t remember that moment." Iris shook her head. She wanted to end this conversation with him, because the way he looked at her made it hard for her to even breathe. 
"You don’t remember?" Prince Kellan emphasized this question and Iris shook her head again. "It’s okay, you were only eight years at that time and it had been a long time ago, it’s normal for you to forget." There was this warm smile that tugged on his lips. He looked so kind and nice. 
Iris said nothing and Cane noticed how uncomfortable his mate was with this conversation. 
"I heard you built a new orphanage building again after the two monster attacks during the new year party," Cane stated swiftly, as he grabbed Iris’ hand under the table, noticing how tightly she clutched her dress. 
Prince Kellan sighed. "Many parents died during the attack, leaving so many homeless children behind."
###Chapter 273: REDMOND’S IMAGINATION WAS SO WILD
Chapter 273: REDMOND’S IMAGINATION WAS SO WILD
Because of the monster attack during the new year party, many people died and most of them left their children behind. 
While some of the children were lucky enough to have their other relatives to take care of them, some of them were not that lucky, as they had no one to turn to. 
Capital city was a large city, where many people came and went and most of the citizens were shifters or merchants, while the rest was a mix of many other kinds. 
With the fact the shifters were the original citizens of this capital city, most of the shifter children had their extended families to take care of them, but the merchants did not, therefore when they died, their children had no one to rely on. 
At that, Prince Kellan stepped up and used funds from his own treasure to build another building for the orphaned children and now its construction was underway. He would be in the city often these few days. 
It was also him who had reached out to Cane and offered his help once he heard about the new duty the Alpha had received from his father. 
As for Cane, there was no reason for him to turn down the offer. Seeing how his father and Alpha Derick from Celestial Moon pack had supported him when he was the crown prince, more so, that he had an impeccable image in the people, he could make use of his good reputation, not to mention how people adored him. 
"It’s nice of you to help those children," Cane said. He kept holding Iris’ hand under the table, while she stayed out of the conversation between him and Prince Kellan. 
"It’s something trivial. It’s an obligation for a sovereign to help their people. My father is a little bit strange to want to cover up the whole thing." He heard all about how his father had killed the guards that witnessed the first attack. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t have any ion to his statement. It could be said he was the most decent person in the royal family. 
Cane glanced at Iris, who was exceptionally quiet and looked very anxious, as she kept her head low. Something was amiss with the way she behaved. 
Not long after that, their food arrived and they enjoyed their lunch with a light conversation, where mostly, Prince Kellan told Cane about what was going on in the city and what the citizen’s opinion about a certain thing was. 
Basically, the Prince guided the Alpha in understanding more and learning about what the citizens were usually like, and gave him a few suggestions on his task from the King. 
Meanwhile, Cane listened carefully, asked a few things and most of the time, said nothing. He was not a talkative person and was an observer, thus he processed every bit of information and tried to deduct the necessary steps that he had to take later. 
He had his own plan that he didn’t share. 
Even if his father trusted this prince and supported him thoroughly, Cane needed time to build his trust in Prince Kellan. He wouldn’t follow in his father’s steps blindly. 
In the middle of the conversation, Iris put down her spoon and tugged on Cane’s robe to get his attention. "I want to go to the bathroom," she said in a whisper. 
"Ask Redmond to go with you." 
Iris nodded and then stood up to walk out of the room, while Prince Kellan followed her with his eyes and this didn’t go unnoticed by Cane. 
Prince Kellan realized this and played it off. "She is very quiet. She didn’t change at all." He smiled at Cane, acting nonchalant. 
People would say that when they met Iris for the first time, but when you got closer to her, you would know how she could be a chatterbox. About that, Cane knew well enough. 
But, he said nothing and made Prince Kellan assume he silently agreed with his statement. 
Meanwhile, when Iris walked out of the room, Redmond stopped bickering with Ethan and followed her. The two of them had started bickering as soon as Cane and Iris entered the room, thus the other warriors could sigh in relief when the peace returned and they didn’t need to nurse a headache over hearing them. They argued solely for the sake of arguing. 
"Where is the bathroom?" Iris asked, her voice was so small and her face was exceptionally pale. 
"Follow me," Redmond said. He glanced at Iris and tapped on her shoulder. "Are you okay? Why are you so pale? You don’t like the food?" 
Iris just waved her hand and said nothing. Redmond didn’t make a fuss, thinking she was being her usual self, since she often looked pale in this kind of weather. 
Once inside the bathroom, Iris couldn’t hold it back any longer, as she vomited her guts out. She regurgitated all the food she had eaten and couldn’t stop until she felt her stomach hurt and her throat was burning, while outside of the door, Redmond kept knocking, asking whether she was alright, because he could hear her. 
However, Iris was too occupied in her own pain, as she bent her body over and tried to keep her hair from getting dirty. She didn’t even notice when Redmond tried to tear down the door. 
"Hey! Open this damn door!" Redmond kicked the door and he managed to break the lock on his third attempt and saw Iris in her wretched condition. "What the hell is wrong with you?" 
Iris waved her hand, in an attempt to tell him to go away because she didn’t want him to see her like this. Still, Redmond approached her and knelt down beside her, as he gathered her hair and helped to massage her shoulders and neck.
"Did you eat something wrong? Or..." his voice trailed off. "Are you pregnant?" 
Fortunately, Iris didn’t see him, thus she couldn’t read what he had said, because there was no way she could be pregnant right now with Cane’s condition. 
However, Redmond’s imagination was so wild. He decided to clarify this with Cane.
###Chapter 274: I WILL SEE YOU SOON
Chapter 274: I WILL SEE YOU SOON
Iris didn’t return to the second floor, where Cane and Kellan were still having a discussion. She didn’t see the point for her to return there, after all the conversation didn’t involve her at all. It didn’t make any difference whether she was there or not. 
Instead, she went to the first floor, where she sat down next to a window and leaned her head against the wall, staring at the city out there. There were not many people outside at this hour, as they preferred to hide from the cold weather inside the comfort of their houses. 
Redmond frowned when he saw her like this, he waved his hand in front of her face to get her attention. "Don’t you want to see a healer and check your condition?" 
"I am fine." Iris stretched out her hand to take her tea cup to drink from it. 
"You don’t know, maybe you are pregnant," Redmond blurted it out and Iris almost choked on her tea when she read what he said. 
"I am not!" Iris hissed. She put down her tea cup, as her face turned so red. How could he say something so vulgar like that casually to her? More so, Cane would question her loyalty if he too thought she was pregnant. "Don’t talk nonsense." She couldn’t tell him that Cane was sterile, nor did Redmond know the last time the two of them had been intimate was when she was in heat. 
Redmond’s frown deepened when he heard that, because he thought Iris was in denial. "It is normal, you know, for you to be pregnant right now. You have been marked and mated for more than half a year now and from what I see, he treats you well. Your bed activities must not be so bad either." 
"Be quiet!" Iris’ face was as red as her hair right now and she looked around, afraid someone would hear the conversation. 
Yet, Redmond rolled his eyes dramatically at her little annoyed face. "Or, maybe you need to seduce him." 
"Redmond!" Iris really wanted to cry at this point, because she couldn’t make him stop spouting nonsense, but the warrior seemed to enjoy his time, seeing how embarrassed she was. 
"It is normal to seduce your mate, you need to get pregnant and give birth to an heir, before he does it with his future mistress." In Redmond’s mind, it was only a matter of time before Cane would choose a mistress, because that was the norm, something ordinary for someone with high status to do. 
And if that happened, Iris’ position would be in danger. It couldn’t be said that she had been accepted by all the people in the Howling Wolf pack and now that the Blue Moon pack was too under Cane’s control, Iris had to gain a little bit of power by conceiving an heir first for the Alpha.
Redmond was only looking out for her. 
However, that was not in Iris’ mind. She grimaced when she heard that explanation. "Forget about that. I don’t want to talk about this topic anymore." 
Iris turned her head toward the window, refused to read what Redmond said and with her condition, if she didn’t look at the warrior, it would be useless regardless of what he said, after all, she couldn’t hear. 
"Hey, you need to think about this seriously." Redmond waved his hand in front of Iris’ face to get her attention, so they could get back into the discussion. 
He also shook her hand on the table, but Iris retracted her hand and closed her eyes, stubbornly refusing to continue the conversation. 
Redmond scoffed when he saw how reckless Iris was with her own position, thinking Cane would favor her forever even if she didn’t give birth to his heir. Therefore, he decided to clarify this with the Alpha later, so he could take her to see a healer, or at least the healer could give her something to help her get pregnant. 
Even after an hour passed, Iris still stubbornly had her eyes closed. He knew she wasn’t sleeping, but he couldn’t do anything, nor could he shake her body to wake her up. They were in public, people would gossip about her if he touched her recklessly. It was not that Redmond would do it in private. 
After another half an hour passed, Cane finally came down with Ethan and spotted his mate, sitting near the window at the corner with Redmond. 
The Alpha approached Iris and caressed her cheek to wake her up, for which Iris immediately opened her eyes, startled, but then relaxed when she saw it was just Cane who touched her. 
"Sleepy?" Cane asked. 
"No." Iris shook her head. "I just closed my eyes." 
Cane nodded and took her hand. "Let’s go." 
Iris stood up, but then she halted when she saw four warriors helping Prince Kellan to get down from the second floor, they carried him along with his wheelchair down the stairs. 
The Prince smiled apologetically at them, feeling it was not a pretty sight to see, as if his condition was something that he needed to feel apologetic for. 
Cane nodded politely, but he could feel how tense Iris was to see the Prince and he couldn’t figure out the reason behind it. He didn’t dig too deep, but from a brief conversation he had with him, he learned that Prince Kellan met with little Iris a few times before the tragedy befell on him. 
However, Iris seemed not to remember any of it. 
"Will you return to the palace?" Prince Kellan asked, as a warrior pushed his wheelchair toward Cane and the others. 
"No. I need to go somewhere," Cane replied. 
"Hm." Prince Kellan nodded in understanding. "Then, I hope you won’t forget about our conversation and wish your mate will consider it." 
"I will talk with her," Cane replied, he glanced at Iris, but she wasn’t following the conversation, she was half hiding behind the Alpha right now. 
"Then, I will take my leave. Take care." Prince Kellan tilted his head and Cane squeezed Iris’ hand to get her attention, so she could see what the Prince wanted to say. "I will see you soon."
###Chapter 275: JEWELRY STORE
Chapter 275: JEWELRY STORE
’I will see you soon.’ 
Iris really didn’t wish to see him again. She didn’t want to meet with the Prince, but she was clueless as to why she felt this way, nor could she voice out what she was thinking, thus she smiled politely and nodded. 
Subconsciously, she hid herself behind Cane’s back again, where she felt a little bit of comfort. People would think she was just timid, not actually scared of the crippled prince, who couldn’t do any harm to her. 
After exchanging a few words, Prince Kellan’s party left the restaurant. The same warrior that pushed his wheelchair helped him to enter the carriage and they left. 
During that time, Ethan and Redmond bickered again about some random things, while Iris stared at her shoes. Cane fixed his eyes on her for a moment. 
"Let’s go," Cane said, as he took her hand and they went out. Ethan and Redmond followed them, squabbling about the tea that he preferred. It seemed like they wouldn’t stop bickering as long as they were together. 
The Alpha helped Iris to mount the horse, but this time, he gave the reins to her, which made her tilt her head to look at him. 
"Try," Cane said curtly. He wanted Iris to learn how to ride and he used this opportunity to teach her. 
"I don’t think I can..." Iris mumbled. 
"Try." 
This warhorse was so big, she felt intimidated by it, yet the thought that Cane was right behind her and he wouldn’t let anything bad happen to her, made her willing to try. 
The horse moved and her body stiffened, but because of the task at her hand right now, she could ignore people’s eyes that stared curiously at her and Cane. She also forgot about the tension that she felt because of the meeting with Prince Kellan, as she was so focused on getting the horse to move while controlling the direction. 
Cane placed his hands on her waist, helping her to relax, but more so as a gesture of protection. 
"See?! I told you, she only needs a good teacher to teach her how to ride. You just suck at it!" Ethan pointed his finger at Iris, who was taking the reins of the horse, taunting Redmond. 
"That’s because I have taught her the basic skills!" Redmond scoffed derisively. "Do you really think she can suddenly ride a horse?!" 
"Oh, shut up and admit your incompetence!" 
And just like always, both of them had a lot of energy to squabble along the way, while the Alpha and the Luna in front of them paid no mind to them. The people stared at the two with questioning looks, wondering why the two warriors seemed like they were going to kill each other off, instead of being quiet, like any other warriors, who guarded their masters together. 
After they rode for two hours and because there was nothing much to see, since the situation in the city was still tense, with many people hiding inside their houses because of the cold weather and being scared of the rumors of the black magic user, as the citizens were afraid they would fall victim to the same curse as Princess Osana did, they finally stopped in front of a jewelry store, where they dismounted their horses and three young boys approached them to get the horses to the stable. 
Iris was surprised Cane took her to a jewelry store. Would he buy her something? But, Cane didn’t look like a person who would splurge on something like this, especially for a woman. 
But then, what could be the reason he took her here? It would be more ridiculous to think that Cane wanted jewelry for himself. 
Iris glanced at Cane, but the Alpha didn’t show any expression on his face, thus it was hard to tell what was in his mind. Iris didn’t think there was a person in this realm who could figure out the way his mind worked. 
They went inside and Iris could see a lot of beautiful jewelry and gems on display, as a few people greeted them, but Cane walked past them all and went to the back door of this jewelry store, where they met with Will, who had been waiting for them. 
As expected, Cane had a plan under his sleeve again whenever he did something. Iris knew there was no way he would come here to shop. 
"Long time no see, Will," Iris greeted Will, in response to which he only nodded and smiled politely. He looked so different. He almost looked like Ethan when she saw him for the first time in the main hall, after he was locked away for days, but there was something different about him. "Hanna has been trying to reach out to you. She said you didn’t write to her." 
Iris was unaware of what had happened to Will, so did the rest of them. It was only Cane who had the full picture about the assault. Even after Will heard Princess Osana’s current predicament, it didn’t improve his mental state at all. 
"I will write to her." 
That was the only answer that Will gave to Iris and when she was about to ask him again, Cane pulled her closer to him. Iris raised her head and looked at the Alpha. 
"Watch your steps," Cane warned her simply.
They were walking in an alley behind the jewelry store, it was a narrow alley and there were few empty bottles of alcohol scattered on the snow covered ground. Iris could stumble on one of them. 
This small moment of disruption was enough for Will to move to the back of this small party, walking behind them all, thus Iris couldn’t continue with the conversation. 
The jewelry shop was only a fa?ade, what they actually sold were magic stones, which were provided by the Howling Wolf pack. 
This place was also the one the spies used when they gathered information in the capital city. 
"We will stay the night here," Cane told Iris, as he opened the door to a warm lodge.
###Chapter 276: REDMOND WAS NOT HAPPY
Chapter 276: REDMOND WAS NOT HAPPY
After they walked for a few more minutes in the narrow alley behind the jewelry store, they arrived at a two story lodge. 
"We will stay the night here," Cane told Iris, as he opened the door to a warm lodge, where the fire was burning in the fireplace and Leros and Clad gathered around it to warm their bodies. 
Both of them quickly stood up when they entered the room and the Alpha pulled Iris to sit down in front of the fireplace to warm her body up. 
He helped her to get off her cloak and without saying anything, he left her there, as he walked away with Will in tow. 
"Do you want hot chocolate?" Redmond tapped on her shoulder to ask her. It seemed he had been here a few times. 
Cane let Redmond know this much because he held onto the fact that this man wouldn’t be able to betray Iris since he pledged his loyalty to her, thus as long as Iris was on his side, he didn’t need to worry about him. 
"Yes, please..." Iris said. She sat closer to the fireplace and was happy because she felt warm. She looked around and saw Leros and Clad minding their own business. They were not hostile toward Iris, but they didn’t really think much of her existence either. They didn’t even greet her. 
Probably, because they still saw her as Gerald’s daughter, which was something that was not surprising to be the reason why they ignored her. 
Meanwhile, Ethan was rummaging through the kitchen, looking for something to eat. He didn’t eat anything this afternoon and bickering with Redmond made him starve. 
Redmond returned not long after and handed a glass of hot chocolate to Iris. 
"Thank you," Iris mumbled and sipped her drink. It tasted so nice, but of course, the hot chocolate that Hanna made was still the best. 
"When will you get your condition checked?" Redmond was at it again. He still didn’t drop the topic and Iris immediately knew what he was trying to say. 
"I am not pregnant and I am fine. Stop it." Iris threw him a stern look, but she looked too delicate to be able to scare Redmond off. 
He pursed his lips and decided to discuss this matter with Cane directly. 
========================== 
"What now? What do you want from me now?!" Haco was furious. He had been very anxious, asking for a meeting with Cane ever since he learned that the person he had cursed was actually Princess Osana. 
He didn’t even dare to leave the room and was in constant alert, afraid the royal warriors would barge in and take him away at any given moment. "I am warning you! If they catch me, I will spill the beans. I will tell them it was you who had ordered me!" 
"Okay." Cane nodded. He didn’t seem to worry at all at the threat and this left Haco even more irritated and distressed about how careless the Alpha was. 
"Do you know the consequences of your actions? Do you know what kind of situation you have dragged me into?" 
"I know." 
Haco felt like he wanted to pull his hair, feeling frustrated. Of course, Cane knew what he was doing and the consequences that entailed his decision. 
"If you want to make a move on the royal family, leave me out of it!" Haco growled. 
Right now, Cane was having a conversation with Haco inside a room on the second floor. Aside from both of them, there was also Will there, but he didn’t utter a single word. He had been extremely quiet ever since he came here, not even Aderan could figure out what had happened to him. He always dismissed anyone who had tried to talk to him and chose to be alone most of the time, if he didn’t have a task to finish. 
Will was not a talkative person, but right now, they were well aware that something awfully wrong had happened to him during the second monster attack. 
"You can leave if you want." Cane leaned his body against the table behind him, he crossed his arms, as his dark eyes fell on the grumpy old man. "The door is open." 
"What?" Haco was taken aback, he didn’t think that Cane would let him go easily. "You will allow me to go, but then you will send your men to kill me?" 
Haco wouldn’t be afraid of those shifters if he had enough magic stones. With his ability, it was child’s play to fight them off, but the problem was; he didn’t have any magic stones and he was so broke to even buy one. 
"No." Cane shook his head. "You can go to the palace and tell them about what you have done or even the location of this place." 
Haco scoffed when he heard that. "They blindfolded me when they took me here, I don’t even know where I am right now." 
Cane smirked. Haco was right. He didn’t have any idea where this place was. "I can ask Leros to take you to the city and you can go to the palace on your own then." 
Haco narrowed his eyes when he heard that. He knew it wouldn’t be as simple as that, knowing how calculative Cane was, he must be up to something even more dreadful if he was already prepared to let him go just like that. 
"Aren’t you afraid I will tell them all about what you have done?" Haco was alarmed to see Cane’s smile. Whenever he smiled like that, it wouldn’t be a good sign. 
"Sure, you can." Cane then added. "Do you have any proof?" 
Haco was silent for a while, but one could see how his mind was working so fast. Cane was right. He didn’t have a shred of evidence of the Alpha’s involvement in the curse. No one even knew about him, as he was trying to keep it low and kept his existence unknown because of the lycan. 
"It will be your word against the special emissary of the King." Cane showed him the golden
###Chapter 277: THE CUT GOT DEEPER
Chapter 277: THE CUT GOT DEEPER
Cane knew what he was doing and saying, especially things like how to play with people like Haco. The sorcerer had nothing. No money, no place to stay, no magic stones to boost his power, nothing. 
"It can be your word against the special emissary of the King." Cane showed him the golden stamp he received from the King. 
Seeing that, Haco cursed under his breath. "Shit! Damn you, Cane! You trapped me! How can you scheme against me?!" 
Haco knew the meaning of the golden stamp and the privileges that its holder would get. Its holder’s authority would be almost absolute, only the King himself who could deny it. He could use the royal warriors and all the resources as he deemed fit. 
"How can you get that damn thing?!" Haco was dumbfounded. Now, he was conflicted, though it was very clear for him that he couldn’t go against Cane now, still to support him, it could only mean digging his own grave deeper. 
Because once Cane went down, he would be buried along with him, but this Alpha was very cunning, thus the end result was still unclear. 
"Your choice, Haco." Cane put away the golden stamp. His black eyes were fixed on the sorcerer, as he watched how conflicted he was right now. 
On the other hand, Haco kept cursing at Cane, but the Alpha let him say whatever he wanted. He was long used to hearing such words, more so, he had every right to be upset with him, because this wouldn’t be the last time he would use him and his power. 
"Tonight is the new moon. I want you to greet her again." Cane tossed a magic stone to Haco. 
Will flinched when he heard the task that Cane gave to the sorcerer. He knew, who Cane meant by ’her’. It was Princess Osana, the Alpha wanted Haco to torture her again tonight during the new moon, surely Cane had something in his mind to do it at the same time of his transformation into his lycan form. 
One magic stone wouldn’t be enough to kill the Princess and Cane didn’t intend to kill her right away. Death was so easy for people like her, but of course, Princess Osana’s curse acting up along with the appearance of the lycan in the city would make the already tense atmosphere become even more chaotic. 
"It’s too dangerous, Alpha." Will finally opened his mouth. 
"I know." Cane had thought about that, that was why he brought Iris with him. He believed this cursed soul of lycan would be docile enough to be with the woman that it wanted. 
"You know what," Haco sneered, he played with the magic stone in his hand. He was irked because he didn’t have any other choice but to follow this deranged alpha’s plan. This alpha was a threat to his life, but also his only protection. How upsetting that fact was. "If you fight a monster, you will become a monster too." 
Cane turned his head away and looked at the bleak sky through the window, as he replied. "It’s hard to make a good choice when you don’t have good options." 
His choices were limited and just like a wise man said; the best defense was a good offense. 
=========================== 
When the night started to fall and Will had a conversation with Cane without the sorcerer around, since Haco stormed out of the room after the Alpha told him to do his job, he went to his bedroom. 
He stayed in this room with Aderan, but right now, the latter seemed to be out with Leros and Clad to finish their task from the Alpha. 
It was a task for them, but also a way to make them leave this place, since the three of them were still unaware of Cane’s dark secret. Tonight was a new moon after all. 
Will stared at the fruit knife in the basket. He glanced at the door and made sure no one would enter this room, as he grabbed it and started to make cuts on his arm. 
Recently, he developed this habit, where he felt so numb and had no desire to live. He wanted to feel something, anything, even if it was pain. 
However, in contradiction, he felt so much agony inside, thus he wanted to overshadow the pain with a physical one. 
Blood dripped from his wounds, as he made these cuts. 
Fortunately, or rather unfortunately, he was a shifter, he could heal from these wounds in a matter of seconds, the only reason why no one discovered this new habit of his yet. 
There was even a moment when he thought he wanted to cut off his arm, he felt disgusted whenever he remembered the way he touched Princess Osana’s body, he felt so dirty and unworthy. He wanted to peel off his skin to feel clean again, but then he was filthy to begin with, there was nothing that could help him. 
He cut his arm deeper and this time, it took a few minutes for it to heal... 
=========================== 
Iris almost forgot that tonight was the new moon if Cane didn’t mention it. 
Actually, she wanted to ask a few questions about the lycan to Haco, but the sorcerer, seemingly, was in a bad mood ever since he had a conversation with Cane and was curt with her, thus she didn’t prod further. 
"I could see how you act around Prince Kellan. Has he done something to you?" As usual, Cane didn’t beat around the bush when he wanted to know about something. 
Currently, they were in one of the bedrooms on the first floor with all the curtains drawn, so this place looked a little isolated. 
Iris was sitting on the head of the bed, while Cane was sitting on the end of it. They stared at each other while having a simple conversation, waiting for the midnight to come. 
"No." Iris shook her head. "I don’t remember anything aside from the fact he used to visit the Blue Moon pack in the past." 
"So, why do you look uneasy around him?"
###Chapter 278: WHERE YOU SET YOUR HEART
Chapter 278: WHERE YOU SET YOUR HEART
The way Iris looked so uncomfortable around Prince Kellan didn’t go unnoticed by Cane. Her whole body screamed discomfort and after a few months of being together, he learned a few of her habits and knew her body language whenever she felt something. 
It was not difficult, since she was the most honest person that he had ever met, almost as if she would always have a hard time hiding her true emotions. 
"So, why do you look uneasy around him?" Cane asked her gently. The room was quiet and it felt peaceful to have this deep conversation with her. 
Iris fiddled with her fingers again. Her brows furrowed slightly, as she opened her mouth and was about to answer him, but then she closed it and thought over her reply. It took a whole two minutes before Iris could come up with something and the answer was not satisfying. 
"I don’t know," Iris said in a defeated tone. She had been thinking about this matter, about this weird feeling she felt when she saw the Prince, even when she saw him for the first time in the main hall, but she couldn’t figure out where this feeling stemmed from. "I don’t know why I feel uneasy around him. Maybe because I don’t know him well..." 
The last reason was an excuse, because there was no way it could be the reason why she looked so anxious around him, yet Cane said nothing and let her talk. 
When Iris didn’t say anything, the Alpha finally spoke again. "Did he ever hurt you?" 
Iris shook her head. "No." 
"’No’, because you don’t remember it, or ’no’ because he had never hurt you?" 
Iris felt Cane was a little bit aggressive with his questions, there was a hint of acrimony in his voice, she almost thought this was not a light conversation, but an interrogation instead. 
The way Cane stared at her sharply made Iris falter to find the right answer, but still, she couldn’t give him a definite reply. 
"What are the things that you remember when you were with him? He said you met with him a few times when he visited the Blue Moon pack." 
"I don’t remember, Alpha..." Iris replied in a small voice. "I only remember he came often to the Blue Moon pack, but I don’t remember my interaction with him." She was telling the truth. No matter how hard she tried to remember it, she couldn’t recall any event with him. "I swear, I am not lying to you." Iris stuck out three fingers, as a gesture that she swore upon her life. 
It always bothered her when someone didn’t believe her, because Mason used to call her a liar and that fear engraved so deep within her without her knowing it. She would get anxious whenever people didn’t trust her, especially those who she cared about. 
Cane stared at her sharply, he was deep in thought and the way he looked at her made Iris feel so small and a little bit scared of him. She didn’t know what he was thinking about her unsatisfying answer, nor was she aware what he was feeling right now, but such intense gaze made her lower her eyes and stare at her fingers instead. 
Why did he look angry? Iris couldn’t understand that. Maybe he was angry because she couldn’t give him the right answer? But, Iris couldn’t figure out why she forgot about her interaction with Prince Kellan completely. Was it because she was so young? 
The more she tried to remember it, the more she felt so unwilling to do so, it almost felt like she was being forced to step into a dark room, when she was so afraid of darkness. It had been like this since she was a child, she was afraid of things that she couldn’t see, she was afraid of something that she might find out there. 
Probably, she was also afraid of something that she might recall when she tried harder than this to remember. It almost felt like there was a tug of war in her mind. 
For a while, the two of them remained immersed in their own thoughts, as silence engulfed this closed room. 
During that time, Iris thought Cane must have tried to talk to her, but because she didn’t look at him, she didn’t know what he was talking about. She felt uncomfortable with his questions and the way he looked at her. 
Iris only lifted her head when Cane stood up and sat down right in front of her, he was so close, until she could smell his scent. 
"Prince Kellan asked you to come to the orphanage, in his opinion, it will be good for them to have a female figure, after they lost their parents. He thought you would suit the role." 
More than that, having Prince Kellan on their side would win public opinion, it would benefit Cane in the long run when he had to finish the task that was given from the King. More so, there was no harm in introducing Iris on this occasion, winning people’s hearts would calm them as well, giving them the reassurance that they needed. 
In the course of time, he could use such support to suppress the King, even without the golden stamp. It would provide a safe net for him, if he made use of public sympathy well. 
Yet, Cane had his own considerations. He stretched out his hand and caressed her soft hair, playing with her curls between his fingers. 
"That’s what he said." He emphasized the words. 
Iris blinked her eyes, she didn’t see anger in his eyes anymore and this was a relief to her. "And what do you think?" she asked carefully. 
"You will never accomplish anything when your heart is not set on it." 
In other words, if Iris was forced to do it, the end result wouldn’t be as expected. Cane knew how traumatized those children were when they lost their parents and having someone that didn’t want to be around them, nor having a heart to do so, was not a solution.
###Chapter 279: THE POWERFUL MAGIC USER
Chapter 279: THE POWERFUL MAGIC USER
Being in slavery for a decade and witnessing despairing things around him and enduring all the worse things that one could only imagine made Cane well acquainted with such things. 
This was one of the reasons why he was very sensitive to the change of attitude as soon as Will approached him after the second monster attack. He could tell right away something horrendous had happened to him, so could he with Iris. 
There was something off with the way she acted around Prince Kellan, which made him second guess his opinion about the Prince, despite his impeccable image in front of the people. 
"Don’t do it when you don’t want it, especially when you have an option to choose." This was Cane’s way of saying that he wouldn’t force her to take the role Prince Kellan suggested. 
Iris had a choice to refuse, to not get involved and Cane wouldn’t pressure her to do otherwise. Probably, it was to alleviate his own guilt for what he had done to her in the library, giving her as much freedom as he could give to her. 
Though it would set back his plan a little bit, in the bigger picture, it wouldn’t have any impact on the whole thing. 
"Think about that carefully," Cane said. He caressed her earlobe, which made her squirm as she caught his hand. He knew she was ticklish whenever he touched her there, but he kept doing it anyway. 
Iris held his hand and forced it down, pushing it away from her ear. 
"I need to do something tonight and I need your help," Cane continued talking, as if nothing had happened. 
"What can I help you with?" Iris’ eyes lit up. This was the first time for Cane to really say that he needed her help, thus she was so eager. 
=============================== 
"Mother, it is not fair!" Alan was screaming like a child to his mother. He had been in Lady Cyan’s place for hours, but no matter what Lady Cyan told him, he refused to listen. He kept screaming at her that he wanted those people from the Howling Wolf pack to be punished, for whatever reason. 
He was so mad that Cane got his hands on the golden stamp. The Alpha could do whatever he wanted now with the stamp in his possession. He could even order him around, the thought of it alone nauseated him. How could his mother be so calm about the whole ordeal?
"Not everything is about you!" Lady Cyan finally snapped. She was usually very rational and calm, but she had reached her limit. Having an idiot son like Alan was a real pain. 
She would rather have a great enemy than to have stupid people follow her because those people could be her doom without her realizing it, as they would dig their own graves deeper and drag her down with their stupidity. 
"I can’t accept this!" Alan roared. 
A harsh slap landed on his face, which made him stumble on his feet and fall on his back, but what followed after that was something that made him widen his eyes in horror. 
Alan clutched his neck, as if he couldn’t breathe. He felt suffocated, as if someone was strangling him and he looked at his mother in horror. 
"Talk to me like that again and I will make you regret ever raising your voice at me." Lady Cyan’s voice was so cold, her eyes didn’t hold any warmth, nor did she look like the gentle mother that everyone perceived her as. 
The rumors about her held true; she was a witch. She came from the Andelus continent, the same place the Holy kingdom was located. Most of the people there were magic users, but for the people in this kingdom, it was still unclear whether Lady Cyan was a magic user or not. 
But with this, Alan was immediately reminded that she was one of the magic users. 
"M- mother..." Alan stammered, he was afraid of his father, but he was even more dreadful of his mother whenever she lost her temper. Behind the scenes, she was the one who pulled the strings. 
"Get to know that merchant from the Karam continent and get him to your side, understood?" Her voice was icy. There was no mercy in her beautiful eyes. 
Alan nodded, because he couldn’t speak now. 
The more powerful a magic user was, the more they could conceal their magic power from the others, thus it was hard to tell if there was a powerful magic user in the same room as you or not, unless they couldn’t control their power and revealed themselves. 
"Now, get lost!" Lady Cyan released Alan, as the Crown Prince crawled on his feet and arms to get away from this room as quickly as possible. 
He dreaded his mother, there was not even the slightest doubt in him that she would kill him if she was really pissed off. There was no one more powerful in this whole kingdom than his mother, as Lady Cyan had the King wrapped around her fingers, though she kept a low profile while doing things in general. 
"My Lady." Sarah, one of her ladies approached her and informed her about Princess Osana’s condition. "The curse is acting up again, right now, the Princess is adamant for you to visit her." 
Lady Cyan narrowed her eyes when she heard that, but she followed Sarah out of the room anyway. 
Black magic. 
The magic users, who used black magic were only a handful and she was sure she kept a track, who they were, but for someone to use black magic on the royal family and the fact that she did not know who that was was something that irked her. 
Who was this magic user, who dared enough to curse the royal family? 
=========================== 
Iris was staring at Cane, as he started to shift into his lycan. His eyes turned red and Redmond stood by her side closely. He was being protective of her, which was not a good sight in the lycan’s eyes. 
Actually, Redmond was against this idea.
###Chapter 280: IT’S TIME
Chapter 280: IT’S TIME
Redmond was against this idea, he was adamant about leaving Iris out of this crazy plan, but she was the sole factor that could make this plan work. 
He was so pissed to see how Iris was so eager to throw her life in danger to agree with this. He could see how badly Iris was trying to please the Alpha. She was so willing to help him with whatever he requested of her. She looked like a people pleaser right now, because she was afraid these people would abandon her if she didn’t have any use for them. 
Redmond could see this pattern in Iris, where she always looked for assurance from people around her and was willing to bend over her back to please them. He hated this attitude of hers the most. 
Especially toward Cane. His words and his view were very important to her. 
That was how Redmond saw Iris and all he wanted for her to have was a little bit of backbone to reject being part of such a dangerous plan. 
"Will you kill yourself if he one day he says you to do so?" Redmond asked scornfully, as he watched the Alpha shift into his lycan form. It looked painful and he grimaced when he heard the sound of cracking bones. This was the first time he watched Cane’s transformation and Redmond was still bitter about being part of this dark secret of his. "You must value your life also, you know." 
Ethan, who heard that, scoffed. "You need to stop lecturing her, you know. You demand her to grow up and be strong, but you treat her like a child." The warrior gave him a side eye. "Part of growing up is making your own decisions and facing the consequences. Stop nagging at her, she has endured as much hardship as the rest of us." 
On the other hand, Iris paid no mind to their squabbling and approached the lycan, as the creature looked so grim when he saw her between Redmond and Ethan. He barred his teeth and let out a dangerous growl. 
Seeing how Iris was about to approach the lycan, Redmond instinctively wanted to stop her, but Ethan pulled him back before he could grab her. 
"She is not a child and the lycan will tear you apart if you touch her," Ethan warned him sternly. 
Redmond should have learned his lesson when Cane was under the influence of black magic that was instigated by Aria the last time. How the lycan was so fond of Iris and wouldn’t let anything happen to her. The lycan would kill anyone, friend or foe, if they as much as touched a strand of her hair. 
It was not Iris who they needed to be concerned about, but it was them that should be worried about their own safety from the lycan. 
Redmond grumbled, but he dropped the matter and let Iris approach the lycan. He still remembered how he almost died the last time he fought off this beast. After all, this cursed creature had killed a thousand beasts by himself. 
Meanwhile, Iris went to the lycan and caressed its head, as the creature nuzzled against her hand. She was no longer afraid of him and from what she learned from Cane’s explanation, he would still have a clear grip over the lycan when he shifted during the new moon, whenever she was there as well. 
It was safe to say that the lycan was still Cane in a sense, though he had a different form from his wolf. 
"Should we do it now?" Iris turned around to look at Redmond and Ethan. Will was not there with them. He knew about this plan, but he was not part of it for some reason. Cane didn’t allow him to get involved in this mission and Iris didn’t ask why. 
"I think it’s time," Ethan said. 
============================ 
Lady Cyan came to the East Palace, where Princess Osana lived. She went there under a guise, because she didn’t want anyone to know she came here to tend to the cursed princess. 
The corridor was long, but even from afar, Cyan and her ladies could hear the sound of Osana’s screaming voice that echoed through the walls. 
The sound of it was nerve- racking and made one feel horror in their heart. The sound came not only from the place of pain, but also agony and anguish. Just what kind of torture was the Princess going through right now? 
They were terrified. It was not confirmed yet if a disease borne out of black magic could be infectious, but they were afraid they could catch something ominous just by standing close to the Princess’s bedroom. 
However, they couldn’t disobey their master. 
On the other hand, Cyan didn’t bother about such thoughts, because she knew black magic and this one was a mere curse. She was a dark witch as well, she had practiced dark magic for so long with her younger brother. 
With steady steps and a hoodie that covered her face, she walked down the corridor with her four ladies. 
"All of you can leave," Sarah said, once they were right in front of the Princess’s bedroom. She dismissed all the guards there.
These royal guards knew the identity of the woman hiding under the hoodie, thus they nodded politely and left, while the screaming and crying continued from behind the closed doors. 
Cyan waved her hand and the door opened, and when she stepped inside, the door got closed on its own, as the screaming sound died down. People from outside the door couldn’t hear anything, but the screams continued inside the bedroom. 
Right now, this room was covered by magic and there was only Cyan and Osana inside. 
"Cyan! CYAN! Please, do something! Do something!" Osana was screaming her heart out when she saw Cyan, but she couldn’t approach her because both her arms and legs had been tied up, so she couldn’t scratch herself. 
The rumor about her bleeding on her own bed was not completely wrong and her skin being peeled off was not a false rumor either. 
But, one thing that they missed was the fact that princess Osana had been scratching herself to the point it ruined her skin, even her healing ability as a shifter couldn’t help her.
###Chapter 281: THE SITUATION WAS OUT OF CONTROL
Chapter 281: THE SITUATION WAS OUT OF CONTROL
PRANG! 
The sound echoed so loud inside the King’s study room when a glass hit the wall before it shattered into a thousand pieces on the floor. It was the King who was hurling fragile things around after he heard what had happened. 
His face darkened and his breathing turned labored when he tried to control himself. 
Meanwhile, the guard, who brought the news, knelt in front of the King, his head almost pressing into the floor, as he trembled in the face of the King’s ire. 
"The lycan appeared in the palace!?" He spat out the words viciously. His eyes bulged from their sockets. He slammed his fist against the table so hard it left a deep dent on its surface. "HOW?! How can the lycan be here?!" 
The latest information in his possession about the lycan was; the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack were still looking for the lycan in the Goffa mountain after the cursed creature kidnapped Iris. Fortunately, they could save their luna, but then there was no more news about the lycan. No matter how hard they tried, they couldn’t trace it. 
And yet, the lycan appeared in the capital city. It even showed up in the palace. 
"What the hell is happening with all of you?!" King Aeon roared, he walked toward the guard and kicked him viciously, as the poor man flew across the room. "What happened to the protection around the palace?! Will one day someone be able to enter my palace, my bed and kill me while I sleep?!" 
The other two warriors inside the King’s study room lowered their heads. They stared at the poor guard, who was vomiting blood after being kicked. They didn’t have any idea what was going on and why the monsters suddenly appeared inside the palace either, as if this place was a common grounds for them to roam around. 
As a matter of fact, they had strengthened the protection around the palace, especially the King’s palace. 
However, with the appearance of the lycan, the situation turned out to be way more precarious compared to the two attacks of the monsters during the new year. 
"What now?! Tell me you managed to kill that lycan!" King Aeon knocked a lot of precious things off the table. He was completely enraged, yet he couldn’t care less about it. 
One of the warriors blinked, as he listened to the recent information that he received through mindlink. He shuddered when he realized what it entailed and this subtle reaction didn’t go unnoticed by the King. 
"WHAT?! WHAT IS GOING ON NOW!?" 
The warrior stammered when he spoke, he blanched from fear. "The lycan kidnapped the fourth prince, Prince Vemion, and now sir Lori is demanding to see you." 
Lori was one of the King’s five right hand men in the court. He hailed from the Red Claw pack, which was the richest pack in this kingdom. Their strength came from the amount of the money that they earned through the magic stone mining. 
This was one of the reasons why King Aeon wanted to take over the magic stone mines of the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack so desperately, so he could have an equal footing with the Red Claw pack. 
Needless to say, the Red Claw pack was a pack that even the King didn’t want to mess with. 
"The former beta from the Red Claw pack has been informed and sir Lori is still waiting for his reply." The warrior ended his report. 
The former beta of the Red Claw pack was Prince Vemion’s grandfather and because Laluna also hailed from the same pack, all hell would break loose if something really happened to him. 
"USELESS MUTT!" The King took long strides and snapped the warrior’s head, it happened so fast and the poor warrior didn’t see it coming, but even so, he wouldn’t have been able to preserve his life since the king wanted to kill him. 
His lifeless body fell on the floor with his neck angled weirdly. His eyes widened, but there was no more life in them. 
"Call Leon right now!" The King glared at the second warrior, who immediately left the room while dragging his fellow comrade out of the study room with the help of the other guard there. 
It didn’t take long for Leon to come, he was panting when he arrived and fear was written all over his face. He knew he would be doomed if the lycan managed to break the security around the palace. 
And he was not wrong about that, because the first thing that he received was a vicious kick from the King, which sent him sprawling on the floor, while King Aeon stepped on his head. If he put more pressure on it, Leon’s head would explode and the chief royal guard could do nothing but plead with the King for his life. 
"You are so useless, but you are still trying to beg me to show mercy on you?" The King asked with a sinister look in his eyes. "How can you explain about the lycan that kidnapped the fourth prince? How will you get my damned son back and appease the people from the Red Claw pack?" 
Leon stuttered when he explained to the King he had deployed all the warriors to look for the Prince and even mobilized a lot of magic users to find him as well, yet it didn’t please the King. 
"You want to say you have deployed so many people and made the search for Vemion public? Is it your way to tell the public the lycan is finally here and set them in more turmoil? Do you want the chaos in the capital city to go out of control?" 
Leon was stunned. He didn’t think that way. "My King... I..." 
"IDIOT!" King Aeon kicked Leon’s face, which made him lose two of his teeth as blood spurted on the carpeted floor. "Make sure your daughter becomes Cane’s mistress, or else, I will send you to the gallows." He needed to get a hold of Cane. "Where is Lady Cyan?!"
###Chapter 282: THE BLOODY NIGHT
Chapter 282: THE BLOODY NIGHT
"Make sure your daughter becomes Cane’s mistress, or else, I will send you to the gallows." Aeon needed to get a hold of Cane. His nephew had two packs under his command, not to mention the magic stone mines belonging to him, thus he thought to use Cane if worse came to worse with the Red Claw pack. He could use Cane to suppress them. 
"Yes, yes, My King..." Leon replied with so much difficulty, as he spat a mouthful of blood. "You don’t need to worry, Nala will handle this task well." 
Aeon scoffed when he heard that. Nala was beautiful, but Cane didn’t even spare her a glance when she tried to throw herself at him. 
"Send her to my bedroom, there is something I want to discuss with her." 
Leon’s face turned slightly darker when he heard what the King commanded, because he knew what the King would ’discuss’ with his daughter in his own chamber. "Yes, My King. Nala will wait for you in your chamber." 
Hearing that, Aeon’s mood slightly improved, as he turned around and left the study room. He asked the royal warrior there. "Where is Lady Cyan?!" 
"Lady Cyan is currently with Princess Osana in the East Palace. The curse is acting up again," the royal warrior replied. Only a handful of people knew where currently Lady Cyan was, since most of them thought the lady would always be in her place and unless the King called her, she wouldn’t leave, yet the truth was far from it. 
Aeon growled when he heard that. This matter with the black magic and the lycan had given him endless headaches and sleepless nights. His health had deteriorated because of it. 
"I will go to the East Palace." 
"But, My King, Sir Lori, Princess Laluna and Lady Ayla have been looking for you." 
The three of them were prominent figures in the palace and all of them came from the Red Claw pack. At this point, the future conflict between the royal and the Red Claw pack became more apparent. 
Lady Ayla was Vemion’s mother and of course, she was furious to know her son had been taken away by the cursed creature, they didn’t dare to think what would happen to him. 
On the other hand, the King only glared viciously at the warrior after he heard the report. "I am busy, I will meet with them later." 
The King stormed away furiously. 
Aeon avoided meeting with them because he didn’t want to talk about the matter at hand before he discussed this with Cyan. He needed her opinion regarding this matter because she knew the right things to say and a perfect plan to execute. 
However, when he arrived in the East Palace and entered princess Osana’s chamber, he couldn’t help scrunch his nose. Acrid smell swirled in the air, while the atmosphere was so dark. 
"What happened here?" Aeon stepped inside before he closed the door. He didn’t let anyone enter after him. 
The crying sound from Princess Osana had ceased and the Princess was currently sleeping with her limbs still tied to the pillars of her bed, while Cyan was panting beside the bed. 
However, the horror didn’t lay on the two women, but on the pile of five dead bodies of children around the age of eight to twelve in a corner of the room. 
They were dead, it was obvious from their lack of movement. All of them were naked and bleeding, while in the middle of the room, there was a rune, drawn with blood. The blood was derived from those poor children. 
"What are you doing with them?" Aeon didn’t feel sorry for the children, he only looked disgusted by the messy room. 
The King approached his mistress and looked at her closely, Cyan’s face was pale and her beautiful eyes held anger. 
"There is another dark sorcerer in the capital city. I need you to call my brother back from Riverside pack." Cyan was seething with rage when she said that.
"The lycan showed up in the palace and that creature took Prince Vemion away." 
"The lycan? In the capital city?" 
Cyan was too occupied with the matters at hand, thus she had not yet received any information about the recent events. 
"Yes." 
=========================== 
"I need to stop or else, that dark witch from the palace will kill more children," Haco said, panting, as he laid down on his back, staring at the gloomy sky. It was so cold and even though it was not snowing, the wind was icy. 
Will stayed with him in the woods near their lodge, sitting next to him without saying anything. 
"Will you say something? I feel like I am talking to myself," Haco complained. He grumbled because Will lacked a response every time he said something. 
"You love to hear the sound of your voice. You don’t have a problem with me not replying to you," Will finally said, so Haco could stop bothering him. 
"Cih!" Haco scoffed disdainfully. "They must be here now." 
True to his prediction, a few minutes before the sun rose, a lycan appeared from behind the trees, dragging Prince Vemion with him, while the Prince was begging for mercy. 
Not too far from them, Iris came with Redmond and Ethan as well. 
It came as a shock for Vemion to see these people with the rumored lycan, his mind couldn’t comprehend the current situation, but he knew his life was in great danger. 
"Luna Iris, please... have mercy..." Vemion begged her. 
Meanwhile, Iris looked conflicted when he saw the Prince, yet she said nothing, as she kept distance from them. 
"What... what are you going to do with him?" Iris couldn’t figure out the whole plan, especially when Vemion knew about what they were doing, though he was still clueless about the fact the lycan was Cane. 
However, before Iris could get an answer, she watched in horror as the lycan clawed the Prince’s heart out of his body before crushing it.
###Chapter 283: LEAVE
Chapter 283: LEAVE
Iris trembled in horror when she witnessed a murder happening for the first time right before her eyes. 
Prince Vemion was still struggling and begging for mercy after being taken away from his chamber by the lycan and was dragged here, yet the next thing that happened made them suck in a cold breath. 
The lycan stabbed into his chest and yanked his heart out of his body, before the cursed creature crushed it easily. The gagging sound Prince Vemion let out was the last sound that came out of his mouth before his lifeless body was thrown away to the side and slowly, the lycan shifted back into the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack, as the sun rose in the east and the dull light spilled into this clearing. 
"Shit!" Redmond cursed loudly when he saw that. He himself was taken aback, completely caught off guard, thus he didn’t have time to shield Iris from such horrendous sight. "You agreed not to do it in front of her!" 
Meanwhile, Iris blanched. This was the most disturbing and horrifying thing she had ever witnessed. She didn’t know what to say, nor did she know how to react. The lycan had just killed the Prince in such a brutal way she had never imagined before and now, instead of the lycan, Cane was standing ten steps away from her and the bloody remains of what was left of Prince Vemion’s heart were still dripping from his hand. The color was so red, as fresh blood dripped onto the snow covered ground, leaving dark stains on the surface. 
"Damn you! What do you think you are doing in front of her?!" Redmond snarled at Cane, while the Alpha ignored him as usual. His eyes drifted to his mate, holding her gaze. Her eyes were filled with fear. A lot of fear. "Are you okay?" Redmond turned around and faced Iris. He shook her shoulder, but then her legs gave away and she dropped to the cold ground. It was so cold, even for a shifter, let alone someone like her. She would get sick again if she stayed like this. 
"What are you going to say now?!" Redmon barked at Ethan, who was dumbfounded. This time, he didn’t even have a word to retort. 
The Gamma didn’t have the slightest idea that Cane would do such a thing in front of Iris, as they agreed not to do it in her presence, because it would be too much for her to handle. Was it the lycan? Couldn’t he control himself in his lycan form whenever Iris was nearby? Cane was sure about that, but why did he kill Vemion in front of her? 
Even Haco was stunned, he gagged and threw up at the sight of the Prince’s lifeless body. He didn’t know the whole plan and was only ordered to curse Princess Osana, just like Iris, he was not expecting to witness such a horrifying and gruesome scene this early morning either. 
"My stomach is weak, can’t you warn me first?" Haco complained. 
Out of all the people, it was only Will, who didn’t have any reaction. He stared at the dead body of Prince Vemion as if it was nothing, as if he felt nothing. He still sat on the ground, staring at the whole thing with numbness. 
"Let’s go, I will take you back to the lodge," Redmond said, he helped Iris to get up on her feet and left the scene. 
Once the two of them left, Ethan approached Cane. He looked cautious when he spoke. "Why did you do that? We have agreed not to do it in front of her." 
Cane was still staring at the spot where Iris and Redmond disappeared before shifting his eyes to his bloody hand. He was silent for a while before he spoke. 
"I didn’t agree to anything," he said and then lifted his head to look at his gamma. "Prepare for the next move." 
And after saying that, Cane turned around and left, he went to clean the blood on his hand, leaving those people to stare at his back with great apprehension. 
Cane was right, the idea was suggested by Redmond and Ethan, who in a rare moment, agreed with each other, yet Cane had never said anything and they deemed it as him agreeing to it silently. 
Ethan groaned to see his alpha leave without any explanation yet again. He couldn’t comprehend the way Cane’s mind worked. He was very unpredictable. He thought the relationship between him and Iris had made great progress, but why would he do such a gruesome thing in front of her? 
Unless he couldn’t control the lycan, yet there was no way for Ethan to know that for sure. 
"Will, come here and help me!" Ethan waved his hand toward Will, who stood up and approached the Gamma. He still said nothing, nor did he show any emotion, while Haco had scurried away, heaving his guts out somewhere, cursing Cane with every step that he took, thankfully, he didn’t have any magic stones on him. 
============================== 
Redmond handed Iris a cup of hot chocolate, he didn’t stop nagging at her, even though she wouldn’t look at him, which meant, whatever he said couldn’t be understood by her, yet it didn’t discourage the warrior. 
"Shit! What does he want?!" Redmond cursed when he caught Cane’s scent and right at the next second, the door was thrown open. The Alpha was standing there, looking so calm as usual. Probably, it was only Iris, who had ever witnessed Cane’s vulnerable side, but it almost felt like a distant memory. "What do you want now?! You shocked her! What you have done was borderline brutal!" 
"Leave," Cane said simply, as he strode across the room to reach his mate. He already cleaned himself, there was no trace of blood on him, but the sight that Iris saw an hour ago would forever be engraved in her mind. 
"Do you really think I will leave you alone with her?" Redmond stepped in front of Cane to block his path, he stretched out his hand to stop him, but the Alpha swiftly twisted his hand and pushed him away.
"Leave."
###Chapter 284: WILL YOU STAY BY MY SIDE?
Chapter 284: WILL YOU STAY BY MY SIDE?
Redmond was furious about what Cane had done in front of Iris. His action was uncalled for. He had said he was in full control even in his lycan form whenever Iris was nearby, but it didn’t seem like it after his atrocious action of killing Prince Vemion right before their eyes, especially in Iris’ presence. 
If Redmond knew Cane would lose control in his lycan form, he wouldn’t have allowed him to be close to Iris. 
"Leave," Cane said coldly when he saw Redmond was about to attack him. He was ready to throw him out of the room if he had to. He didn’t have time for his childish behavior, as he clung to Iris, thinking because he had pledged his loyalty to her, he could have a say in her matters. 
Redmond was ready to shift and fight the Alpha and Cane was more than ready to take him down, there was a limit for his rancorous behavior and this warrior had crossed boundaries many times. 
However, before the fight could break out, Iris finally spoke. "Leave." 
Both of them turned their heads toward her. She looked so pale, but her blue eyes were a few shades darker. 
"Yeah, leave," Redmond said smugly to Cane, yet his smirk disappeared so fast when Iris corrected him. 
"No, I want you to leave, Redmond. I want to talk to him." 
Redmond’s jaw dropped. "Are you serious? You want to talk to him alone? He just killed that damned prince an hour ago in such a brutal way. Do you really feel safe to be with him alone?" 
Iris had her eyes fixed on Redmond, she was already a little bit calm when she spoke. "If he wants to kill me, do you really think you can stop him?"
Iris got a point. Redmond wouldn’t be able to fight Cane and Iris was not much of a help. The Alpha could kill them both without any help. 
Gritting his teeth, Redmond walked out of the room, but he didn’t forget to slam the door. The warrior was upset beyond words. 
And now, after Redmond left, there were only Iris and Cane inside the room, as the two of them stared at each other, but none of them started to talk, until Iris broke the silence after a few excruciatingly slow minutes. 
"Was that you? Or the lycan?" Iris fiddled with her dress, she did this whenever she was nervous and when Cane took a step closer to approach her, she took a step back. The sight of him holding Prince Vemion’s dead body with his heart in his hand was still clear in her mind. She was afraid of how vicious the lycan was... or was it Cane? 
"It was me," Cane replied shortly. He didn’t hide this fact. He had thought about it thoroughly and he wanted to know how Iris would handle this. 
"Why?" Iris felt her throat turn dry, her voice came out choked. She still entertained the idea that Cane lost his control upon the lycan, that was a better case, but not anymore after he admitted himself. "Why did you kill him? What did he have done wrong?" 
Laluna was trying to get Cane’s attention and Iris was a little bit upset with the way she acted around him, but Prince Vemion had done nothing, he was nice to them compared to the Crown Prince. He greeted them and did his duty, he even stood up for them during the confrontation when they arrived in the palace. 
Cane didn’t need to kill him. He had no reason to do so. Prince Vemion didn’t even have any hand in the matter with Ethan. 
"Why?" Iris could feel herself almost begging him to explain the situation, because she was very confused, though deep down she knew explaining things was not Cane’s strong forte. "I want to understand." 
The Alpha didn’t say anything for a long time, while Iris waited for him to speak, a little bit of explanation would help her to figure out what he was actually trying to do. 
Needless to say, kidnapping the Prince and killing him would cause a huge ripple in the capital city, the whole royal family and the Red Claw pack would investigate this matter, this was a very serious matter and Cane must know about it. 
Therefore, it didn’t make sense that he made this move. What kind of game was he playing right now? He put everyone in danger. 
"Prince Vemion is innocent in all of this, isn’t he?" Iris asked him again, she really did try to understand him. 
"His status already made it impossible for him to be innocent in anything," Cane finally replied, his tone was cold, as if he didn’t feel any regret for what he had done, because that was what he felt. 
In other words, though Vemion didn’t show any malicious intentions, look hostile, or act like the Crown Prince, there was something hideous he was hiding. Everyone from the royal family did. Some of them more apparent, as they did it bluntly, but some of them did it slyly, underhandedly, to manipulate people’s perception of them. 
The people that belonged to the last category were the dangerous ones. 
Cane would rather face someone like Alan all the time, rather than those people, who built up a good image, while doing abhorrent acts behind people’s backs. 
Cane taught Iris that everything was not as she saw it, things would never be as simple as she saw the world and he was not as ’kind’ as she thought he was. 
Cane could see Iris had warmed up to him, she forgot what he had done and forgave too easily. He wanted to remind her, he was still the monster who would be able to do anything in order to reach his goal. 
"This is the first time for you to see me going beyond the unthinkable in order to get what I want. And this will not be the last time you’ll see me killing someone." Cane took a step closer again. "Will you still stay by my side?"
###Chapter 285: THE ROAD AHEAD OF THEM
Chapter 285: THE ROAD AHEAD OF THEM
The road ahead of them wouldn’t be smooth sailing and if Iris chose to be by his side, he didn’t want to tone down his actions on her behalf. This was something that he would do underhandedly, this was something that he couldn’t avoid when he made a plot and schemed against the royal family. 
Just like what Haco had said; one would eventually become a monster when they hunted down one. 
This was only one example, but ahead of them, there would be more like this that would happen, countless moments where you would be demanded to shed all of your morals and focus on what you wanted to achieve. 
And after knowing that, would Iris still choose to stay by his side? 
Once again, Cane left the choice to her. 
Iris had said she wanted to stand by him and help him, but this was the kind of help that Cane needed and he was not sure she could handle it. 
Cane really wanted to work on their relationship, but he was having a hard time differentiating Iris from one of his chess pieces on his chess board. She was too valuable and useful. It was easy to manipulate Iris and Cane was sure he could get whatever he wanted from her. 
Especially after he saw how eager she was to help him. She completely let her guard down around him and didn’t take any precautions whatsoever. 
On the one hand, Cane truly appreciated how Iris put her absolute trust in him, but on the other hand, it wouldn’t do her any good, since it would make it easy for people to use her, once they knew how to get a hold of her, including him. 
At that time when Iris said she wanted to be with him, Cane thought she only said that because she didn’t get the full picture of what he was going to do and now that she had witnessed it with her own eyes, he gave her a chance and a reason to back off. 
"Will you still stay by my side?" Cane asked her. He took a closer step toward her and this time, Iris didn’t back away. She stared at the Alpha, her eyes were so clear, as a myriad of thoughts ran in her mind. 
"Is this something that is unavoidable?" Iris whispered the question, she found herself losing all of her strength, somehow, she felt so exhausted, her mind and body couldn’t take the tension. This was a reaction to her shock. 
"Yes." 
His opponent would scheme in such a way, they wouldn’t blink their eyes when they killed the people they deemed useless and needed to get rid off, and Cane couldn’t fight such battle with courtesy. 
"Will you hurt me?" 
Cane took a deep breath, he could see fear in her blue eyes. "Probably." He then added. "I am not someone to be safe with." 
"Will you intentionally hurt me?" Iris emphasized this. 
"No." He had no desire to hurt her, but in this battle, it was inevitable for people to get hurt. He didn’t want to sugarcoat his words and wanted her to fully understand what kind of choice she needed to take and the consequences of her decision. 
This was a dangerous road, their path wouldn’t be filled with rose petals and laughter, instead, it would be blood and despair. 
If Iris couldn’t even handle this, she wouldn’t be able to handle what would come later. It would be better if she knew and involved less. 
"Will you kill and hurt someone if they are truly innocent?" 
"No one is truly innocent." 
"Children." 
It was common to hurt and kill children. She heard about it, she knew how her own father had hurt the children in his own pack and also the children from the Howling Wolf pack. She heard stories about all the horrendous things her father had done to them. Stories that she didn’t want to recall. 
They were defenseless and it was easy for you to take advantage of their innocence. 
Iris wanted to know whether or not Cane would turn into someone like her father and also understand his moral compass. How low he would go in order to achieve what he wanted. 
"No." Cane looked deeply into her eyes. "If you agree, I will meet you in the orphanage, but if you don’t come, I will understand." 
And after saying that, Cane turned around and left her alone inside the room, leaving her to her own thoughts. 
Cane always made it clear from the beginning what he wanted and what he needed. He gave her the choice to back away, but then, she wouldn’t know a thing about him. 
Yet, if she agreed to be by his side, would she be able to handle what would come? 
Today, Cane killed Prince Vemion and put a curse on Princess Osana, who would be next? 
=========================== 
Cane sent her back to the palace after their conversation, there were a lot of unresolved things between them and now Iris realized, they didn’t even take one step toward each other at all, because right now, she felt like their relationship was having a regression. 
The day Cane and Prince Kellan wanted to visit the orphanage was a week from now, because of the problem with the lycan and the two of them were busy trying to calm people down, as they both made appearances in front of the public. 
People had a soft spot for Prince Kellan and they actually listened to him, thus it made it easier for Cane to handle the crowd. 
Moreover, the body of Prince Vemion had not yet been found and this created an uproar in the court, as Sir Lori, Laluna and Lady Ayla demanded the King to put in more effort or else, the Red Claw pack would take things into their own hands. 
It was a threat and the King had been furious with that blatant disrespect. 
On the fourth day, warriors from the Red Claw pack arrived in the palace, they marched straight to meet with the King. 
At the same time, Iris was having tea with Laluna, as she cried to her about her grievances.
###Chapter 286: IRIS WAS CONFLICTED
Chapter 286: IRIS WAS CONFLICTED
"How could the King still hold back the investigation about what happened? Vemion is still his son, though he was not the Crown Prince." Laluna cried again, as she caressed her stomach. She was due to give birth in the next month, she was so scared and her mood was erratic with the whole matter regarding the fourth prince. The stress was too much for a pregnant woman like her. 
"The King doesn’t want to attract people’s attention and muddy the already worse situation in the public’s eyes," Iris said. "That’s what Cane told me." 
The relationship between Iris and Cane returned to normal, or as normal as it could get. They didn’t talk about it again, as if they had never had that conversation in the first place, but her decision of what she chose would determine what kind of relationship they would have in the future and Iris still had three days left. 
"Still, Vemion is his son. The King is so cold." Laluna wiped her tears, her emotions were all over the place. 
On the other hand, Iris felt so bad. She knew Prince Vemion had died and how he died... thus, to come here and have tea with Laluna, while consoling her over her grievances, felt so fake. This made Iris uncomfortable. 
This was one thing that Cane wanted to emphasize to Iris. She couldn’t be soft hearted, because she would encounter many more difficult situations in the future. 
Iris would be fine if her feeling was genuine when she felt sorry for Laluna, but she knew the truth, she knew too much for her own good and it wrecked her from inside to act pretentious like this. 
Cane adored how clear Iris’ emotions always were, there was no underlying meaning behind her actions, nor did he have to read too deep into each word she said. 
However, being a good person was not equal to being a good companion. His enemies could use her to get to him and that was the most common method one would use to scheme against their opponent. 
"The Alpha is the head of the search party, isn’t he?" Laluna suddenly said, she wiped her tears from her cheeks and grabbed Iris’ hands. "I want to see him. I want to talk to him. Can you help me to meet with him?" 
It went without saying, as the King’s special emissary, the King confidently gave the responsibility to Cane to find the fourth prince and calm the public. The King efficiently put all the brunt on the Alpha. 
"My mate will have announced it if he found out something." Iris tried to dodge the plea. "You don’t need to worry, Princess." 
Instead of calling him as ’the Alpha’ or using his name, Iris went straight to call Cane as ’her mate’. She empathized with Laluna’s situation, but it didn’t mean she was alright with her talking to her mate, knowing how she felt about Cane and the way she looked at him. 
Iris had taken great pains to come here and choose this time because Cane was away, so she could give a reason why Laluna couldn’t meet with him, but she directly asked herself to meet with her mate. Somehow, this annoyed her. 
"My mate has been working so hard, even if you talk to him and push him to find the fourth prince immediately, he still can’t do that." Iris blinked, staring at Laluna innocently. "My mate will find your mate, Princess. You don’t need to worry." 
Call her petty, but what she said was true. Laluna wouldn’t help with anything by talking to Cane. More so, Cane would definitely find Prince Vemion, since he was the only person who knew where the dead body of the Prince was. 
Time flew by, but the tension in the palace didn’t reduce at all, if anything, everyone was on edge with the arrival of the people from the Red Claw pack and the King’s health had been deteriorating, as healers went in and out from his chamber. 
Because of that also, he made the envoy from the Red Claw pack wait for him, which didn’t make them happy at all. 
"Useless piece of shit!" King Aeon threw the ink bottle at Leon, which stained the old warrior’s face with dark liquid, even so, he still didn’t dare to raise his head and look at the King, nor did he have the guts to complain. 
Standing on the side, Nala gritted her teeth to see her father being treated that way, but there was nothing she could do, aside from to calm down the King, as she went toward him and started to massage his shoulders. 
"Alpha Cane has not yet found any clue about the fourth Prince’s whereabouts, I am very sure he will make progress. He is a reliable person, after all." 
King Aeon narrowed his eyes, as he pulled Nala onto his lap. She had been staying inside his chamber for days and taking care of the King’s needs every now and then. The King didn’t even care when he did her in front of Leon. It was a way for the King to humiliate both father and daughter because they didn’t meet his expectations. 
"Don’t praise another man in front of me, understand?" The King squeezed her breasts hard, which made Nala gasp painfully, as she nodded. "What is your plan with Cane?" 
Nala felt uncomfortable when the King slipped his hand under her dress and started to fondle her breasts. Leon was still here and Nala didn’t want to be seen in an indecent state by her father. 
"Alpha Cane and Prince Kellan decided to go to the orphanage tomorrow and I will go with them." 
"Foolish woman. Do you really think that going to the orphanage and playing with those dirty children will make you his mistress?" The King started kissing her slender neck. 
"I... I have a plan..." Nala stuttered. She really wanted to push this old king away from her. "I will go with the witch that Lady Cyan recommended to me."
###Chapter 287: HE IS WAITING FOR HER
Chapter 287: HE IS WAITING FOR HER
"I will go with the witch that Lady Cyan recommended to me." Nala tried to push away the King’s hand from her breast, but such feeble attempt would never succeed, as the old king fiddled with her nipple between his fingers and his other hand pulled her dress up to expose her milky skin, her thigh was exposed, while she was sitting on his lap, she could feel how he hardened at the sight of her naked body. 
Nala was uncomfortable because her father was only a few meters away, lowering his head, until he kissed the floor, as the King touched her intimately. 
She wouldn’t mind serving the King, after all, this was not the first time, but it was humiliating to do it in front of Leon. The King was trying to humiliate both of them because he was dissatisfied with the way his chief of royal warriors handled things and his lack of progress. 
He vented out his annoyance and stress on Nala. 
"What are you going to do with the witch’s help?" The King lowered his head and sucked on her nipple so hard Nala squirmed in his lap, but this only made her grind herself against him, which excited Aeon even more. 
At this point, Nala was almost naked, save for the dress gathered around her waist, as her hair was the only thing that could cover her breasts and the table obscured the sight of the King fingering her from Leon. 
Nala didn’t enjoy any of this, but she couldn’t voice her grievances. Even though Leon couldn’t see her doing it with the King, since he had his head down, he still could hear and sense the smell of sex in the air. 
"The... the witch knows black magic..." Nala stuttered, as she couldn’t fight the way her body reacted to his touch. "There is this spell... the kind of magic that can severe the mate bond between mates..." Nala moaned, but then she stopped herself, she felt her climax was near and she fought the urge to cry out. She didn’t want to make any noise. 
"Hm, go on..." The King stared at her crumpled face, amused because she was biting down on her lip and knew what was in her mind and why she stopped herself. He wanted to know how long she would be this stubborn. 
"The... the witch will help me by shattering the mate bond between Alpha Cane and his mate..." Nala was panting, her whole body shuddered. "After that... all I need to do is make him mark me..." 
The King guffawed when he heard that. The thought of having Cane’s future mistress got fucked by him first elated him. 
Yet, Aeon should have known, before him, Nala had been bedded by many men. He simply didn’t think about that. 
In the end, slavery was not a status, but a state of mind, because that method was used by some slaves to get the affection of their master, the same method that Aria had used on Cane. 
============================ 
"Miss, what happened? You have not flipped a page for almost an hour," Hanna asked when she noticed how distracted Iris was. She kept staring at the same page for so long, which convinced her that she wasn’t reading the book at all. 
On the other hand, Hanna was not really her usual cheerful self either, because once again, Will didn’t reply to her letter, her heart broke when she heard that Iris met with him and he looked fine, but a little bit gloomy. She really wanted to know why he changed drastically and started ignoring her completely, but Iris didn’t know and she didn’t have a chance to have a conversation with him. 
Hanna then remembered something. "Today Alpha Cane and Prince Kellan will go to the orphanage, will you go with them as well?" 
She knew the relationship between the two of them had been progressing in a good direction, more so, recently Alpha Cane took her out to have lunch in the capital city, which was a good sign and Hanna had been gushing over it as she called that as a date, yet Iris didn’t seem to be too enthusiastic when she talked about it. 
"I don’t know," Iris replied in a small voice. 
"Why? The Alpha didn’t invite you to go along?" 
Iris thought about it for a while. "He did.... He didn’t..." she mumbled. 
"What does that mean?" Hanna frowned, not understanding her reply. 
Meanwhile, Iris continued staring at her book, not really reading anything, because not even a sentence of it she could understand when her mind wondered about all the possibilities. 
It was not as easy as Hanna was thinking, it was not a simple matter of following Cane to the orphanage or not, because her appearance would seal her fate, so would it if she decided not to go over. 
Iris bit her lip and lifted her head, as she stared at the bright sky. The winter would pass in a few days and the weather was no longer as cold as the first day they arrived here. 
What would happen if she decided to go? Would she be able to handle what would come? Would her heart be able to take it and support Cane unconditionally? 
One thing Iris was sure about was, Vemion was just the first, but he wouldn’t be the last. His death would be far from the last... 
But, what if she backed down? What kind of relationship would she have with Cane? Iris didn’t have a sense of belonging with anyone, she didn’t even have a place that she could call home...
If she lost Cane as well, what would happen to her then? 
========================= 
"What are you waiting for?" Kellan asked Cane, as he noticed the Alpha staring into the distance. "Are you waiting for Luna Iris to come?" 
Cane shifted his attention toward the Prince, who was laughing lightly, he looked so charming, even though he was sitting in his wheelchair. 
"What? Have you started to miss her already?" Kellan teased Cane. "You said it yourself, she is sick. It will be too much for her to tag along."
###Chapter 288: BROTHER AND SISTER RELATIONSHIP
Chapter 288: BROTHER AND SISTER RELATIONSHIP
As Iris didn’t show up, Cane brushed off Kellan by saying she was sick. After all, the Prince expected her to come with them when they visited the orphanage, as he wanted Iris to be part of it. Her role would project Cane and herself in a good light in the public’s eyes. 
Kellan was trying to help the Alpha, so the people could warm up to him as well. At least, that was how he wanted himself to be perceived from an outsider’s perspective. 
However, when the Prince saw how Cane kept staring into the distance, as if he was waiting for someone, he couldn’t help but tease him. "You already miss her? The mate bond between the two of you must be so strong." 
Cane ignored that comment, as he went into the carriage and sat down calmly, waiting for the Prince, because they shared the same carriage. It would show the people that the two of them were close and Cane was on good terms with the Prince. 
During their ride, Prince Kellan explained a few things about the capital city and answered all Cane’s questions about this place and the people. He seemed very genuine to let Cane learn about a lot of things. 
And if it was not for Iris’ strange behavior whenever she was around the Prince, Cane would have put his guard down. He could see the quality of compassionate leadership in Kellan, no wonder his father and the Alpha of the Celestial Moon pack were his strong supporters back in the day when he was still the Crown Prince. 
"I hope to get along well with your mate," Kellan said out of the blue, after he talked about the main livelihood of the citizens. "We had a pretty good relationship when she was still young, unfortunately, she forgot about that." 
Kellan shifted his attention from the road and looked at Cane, trying to figure out what the Alpha was thinking when he heard that, but it was hard to read what was in his mind, thus Kellan continued. 
"I see her as my own little sister, but I guess she doesn’t think the same way. She must be upset because I didn’t stand up for her when Mason bullied her, so she must be thinking it’s a bad idea to have another brotherly figure." 
In a way, it made sense, as Kellan wanted to emphasize the point Iris forgot about him because he reminded her of Mason. Both of them knew how badly Mason had treated her. 
Kellan used to visit the Blue Moon pack and would always be accompanied by Mason. 
"She doesn’t hold a grudge," Cane replied simply, he leaned his back and reciprocated Kellan’s gaze, yet those eyes showed no malicious intention when he talked about Iris. "And yes, I think it’s a bad idea for her to have another brotherly figure." 
In other words, Cane wanted the Prince to give up entertaining himself with the idea of having a brother- sister relationship with his mate. That sounded absurd and unsettling. 
Thankfully, Kellan could read the room quite fast, as he simply smiled and dropped the topic altogether. He had confirmed his suspicion; Iris had completely forgotten about him and even if she did remember something, Cane was still clueless. 
Yet, the Prince didn’t put his guard down, after all, it was Cane. The Alpha had won against the Crown Prince and helped his gamma escape the death sentence unscathed, he even got a hold of the golden stamp. 
Someone like him would be better to be kept close. He was too dangerous to be out of his sight. 
However, Prince Kellan was not the only person who didn’t drop his guard or had similar thoughts. Keep your friends close, but keep your enemies even closer. 
On the surface, they got along well, but it didn’t mean they would completely trust each other to give their backs. It was still a long way to go and probably something that would never happen in this lifetime. 
For the rest of their trip to the orphanage, Kellan filled Cane with a lot of information, which might help him to accomplish the task from the King, because ever since the news about the fourth prince being kidnapped and the lycan appearing in the palace broke out, people began to panic and waves of anxiety and tension rippled in the cold air of winter. 
========================= 
"Iris, I know you are there," Ethan finally said after he finished talking with one of his warriors. He approached the hidden spot, where Iris had been hiding. He didn’t know why she was sneaking around this area alone, but her attempt to hide herself was really ridiculous, since any of them could smell her scent from far away. They were the best warriors the Howling Wolf pack had after all. 
Ethan approached Iris and tapped on her shoulder, which made her jolt in surprise. She looked at the Gamma in horror, as if Ethan had turned into a lycan or something. 
"What are you doing here?" Ethan asked. 
Iris came to the warriors’ quarters after she sneakily found out where Ethan was from Hanna, but the maid didn’t have any idea her missy would come here, or else, she would have come with her too. 
"I just happened to be passing by here." Iris blinked her eyes, as she pulled at her long curls nervously, obviously, she was lying. 
"You are with Redmond too much, so his bad traits have rubbed off on you," Ethan sighed, as he shook his head and Iris immediately realized he caught her lie. "You have been here for an hour." 
"How did you know?" Iris was surprised again that the gamma was able to tell. 
Yet, Ethan simply tapped his nose, indicating he had smelled her scent long back, which made Iris’ face turn so red. 
"If you are looking for the Alpha, he is not here, he is with Prince Kellan." Ethan frowned and tilted his head. "I thought you knew about it. Didn’t he tell you? Also, why are you not with him?"
###Chapter 289: WHAT VEMION HAD DONE
Chapter 289: WHAT VEMION HAD DONE
"If you are looking for the Alpha, he is not here, he is with Prince Kellan. I thought you knew about it. Didn’t he tell you? Also, why are you not with him?" Ethan looked at Iris closely, there was still a tinge of red on her cheeks, because he caught her lie. 
On the other hand, Iris fidgeted because she didn’t know what to say. She was not sure why she came here to find Ethan. "I know," she replied in a small voice. 
"You know?" Ethan blinked his eyes and then pulled her to sit down on the bench nearby under a maple tree. "So, why are you here? Are you looking for Redmond?" Ethan clicked his tongue. "I am sure, he is dipping his dick inside a poor palace maid." 
Iris was shocked when she read what he said. The words were too vulgar and Ethan realized almost immediately when he saw the horror in her eyes. 
"Oops, sorry. Squabbling with him very often leaves me a little bit dumb at times." Ethan didn’t forget to blame it on Redmond. He would trash talk about him all day long if there was someone who would listen to his ramblings. He had a lot of grievances against Redmond after all. 
"I came looking for you," Iris immediately said before the situation became even more awkward. She clutched her dress nervously. 
"Came looking for me? Why?" Ethan couldn’t remember if they had some unfinished business, or there was a reason for her to come find him. "Why are you looking for me?" 
Iris was a little bit hesitant when she spoke again, but she was already here. "Why did the Alpha kill Prince Vemion? What had he done?" Iris’ voice was so small, because she was afraid that someone else would listen to this conversation, although they were in an open area and no one was nearby.
If Ethan was not a shifter with an exceptional hearing ability, he wouldn’t be able to hear what she said. 
"Ah!" The Gamma immediately understood why Iris was here. "Cane must have not told you about it, right?" Iris shook her head. "I am not surprised he didn’t explain anything to you." He thought Iris was an exception, but it seemed the Alpha’s way to not explain himself and the whole grandeur plan in his head had become a habit, which would be hard to change. 
"What had the fourth prince done? The Alpha only said he is not as kind as people perceived him..." 
"Well... he is not wrong." Ethan looked hesitant when he explained this, as he grimaced. He was not sure whether he was allowed to tell her about this or not. 
However, with the consideration that the Alpha had brought her along with him on most of the missions and that Iris even knew his deepest secrets, the Gamma thought it wouldn’t hurt to let her have a little bit better understanding of the situation. 
After all, if she waited for Cane to tell her the answer, she would probably not get it at all, knowing the nature of the Alpha. 
"The fourth prince is having a secret deal with the people in the Andelus continent, he is selling the magic stones that the Red Wolf pack had mined illegally, which caused so much loss for the kingdom." 
Since the magic stones weren’t being sold under the kingdom’s name, the profit didn’t come to the royal’s pocket. 
"The Alpha didn’t care about that." Iris narrowed her eyes at Ethan. It was indeed an offense to the kingdom, but Cane was not the King, thus those losses didn’t implicate him at all. It was well known that the royal family had a lot of underhanded deals, even the King himself and the matter with the magic stones had nothing to do with Cane, which might have led him to kill Prince Vemion. 
"Well..." Ethan scratched his head that was not itchy. The weather had become warmer compared to the first time they arrived here, but Iris was still dressed thickly. "You don’t want to know what else he has done." 
What Ethan said before was the most ’gentle’ wrongdoing Vemion had done, because the rest of it was as gruesome as the way he died. 
"What has he done?" Iris became nervous as well, but she was adamant to know. She had come so far to meet with Ethan and the answer she was looking for was only a step away. 
"He dissected magic user’s bodies to know how they got their magic." It was the most simple and considerate way to explain what Vemion had done. 
"What do you mean dissected their bodies?" Iris was stunned when she heard that. 
"He thought there is a secret behind how those magic users got their powers and he does research on it with a few important figures in the Red Claw pack using the money came from the black market, which he got from selling children to Karam continent to be slaves, also from the magic stones that they sold underhandedly to Andelus continent." 
Iris didn’t know about this. Cane was right. His title alone as the Prince of this kingdom would be a guarantee he was not as innocent as he seemed. 
Iris could have never imagined about all of that if Ethan hadn’t told her, because Cane wouldn’t have explained such a thing to her. And she believed him, there was no reason for the Gamma to lie. 
"If you think the way we treat the slaves in our mines is cruel, you must see how the Red Claw pack treats the slaves, who were working in their mines." Ethan didn’t elaborate further, but Iris could get the picture. 
Ethan sighed when he saw how fast Iris’ expression fell. She was shocked and it was written all over her face, because she still remembered how Prince Vemion looked like a gentle and decent person. He had done such a cruel thing like research on magic users by cutting up their bodies? 
"We can’t survive if we don’t watch our backs, Iris. The Alpha said the best defense is a good offense, therefore, we are always in a battle mode."
###Chapter 290: SORROW
Chapter 290: SORROW
There were around eighty children in this orphanage now, the number significantly increased recently because of the last attack of the monsters during the new year party. While some of them were being taken care of by their extended families, some of them didn’t have any relatives around the capital city, as they came from different continents, following their parents to trade here. 
Because of their large number while the rooms in the orphanage were not really enough to accommodate them all, Prince Kellan started building another building right next to the first one, construction of which would be finished around four to six months from now. 
The citizens cheered at the Prince’s generosity and the act of kindness he showed to people, capturing their hearts and somehow easing the tension in the capital a little. And with the impact of it, they saw Cane in a good light too, since he had always been seen with the Prince lately, especially when he visited the orphanage and donated for building construction and new blankets for them. 
Those children were very happy to receive new blankets for them to sleep in, especially when these blankets were very soft and of good quality. 
Among those children, who ranged between one year old to fourteen years old, there were two babies that were still being breastfed. 
"This building is the first project that I took upon after being crowned as the Crown Prince," Kellan said, reminiscing the past, as he stared at the building. "Father didn’t agree with my decision, as they didn’t see the need in caring for those children, deeming them a burden for the kingdom, but I have a different opinion. Probably, since that time, father no longer likes me." Kellan grinned at Cane. 
On the other hand, Cane dismissed the warrior, who always pushed Kellan’s wheelchair, because this time, the Alpha did it himself, as they strolled around this area, watching a few children approach them with big smiles on their faces. 
Most of them were already familiar with the Prince, as they greeted him with their beautiful smiles and some of them looked at Cane with curiosity, while the others looked a little bit scared because Cane was not full of smiles, nor did he make small talk with them, unlike the Prince. More so, Cane’s scar was a little bit scary to look at for them. 
They walked for a little while, but then two children around the age of eight and ten came to Prince Kellan, asking him to show them how to play some instruments and the other children nearby chimed in. 
"Do you want to come?" Prince Kellan asked, as he carried a little girl around the age of seven, who was climbing onto him innocently before settling on his lap. He kissed her cheek and she giggled. 
"You can go ahead, I will walk around." Cane declined the offer and then watched how those children followed Kellan back into the building, while the warrior from earlier pushed the wheelchair. Those children looked so happy, as they rambled about a few things and Kellan would engage with them all, paying close attention to them, while the previous little girl nestled against his chest. The little girl must think the Prince was the most trusted person after she lost her parents and became so attached to him. 
Once all of them disappeared into the building, Cane walked in the small garden. A few children ran past him and some of them greeted him fearfully. His appearance must be very intimidating for those pure souls, thus when he noticed they feared him, he walked toward a quieter place, where there were not many people. 
Above his head, the sun had almost set and the braziers were lit up, while the luminous pearls were hung in the dark spots, to illuminate the place. 
She didn’t come. 
Cane closed his eyes, as he welcomed the bleak sky. There were a myriad of thoughts running in his mind. He felt a little bit disappointed and... uncomfortable. 
He had told her he would understand it if she didn’t come, but it seemed he hoped she would be here. 
Cane opened his eyes and stared at his hand. He didn’t know since when he got used to holding hers, but it felt empty right now. 
Right at that time, Trion came to his side. "Alpha, the Luna has been looking for you," he said, which made Cane shift his attention toward him. 
"Iris?" He asked with a frown. 
"Yes." Trion nodded. "She arrived an hour ago when you were still talking with the Prince, currently she is in the building." 
Cane walked toward the building even before his mind could process it. "With whom did she come?" He didn’t take Ethan with him because he wanted the Gamma to be with Iris in the palace. It would be better if Ethan was here as well with her, or else, Cane wouldn’t be so kind with his punishment. 
"The Luna came with the Gamma and Hanna." 
"Hm." Cane nodded and quickened his steps. 
Once he was in the building, he didn’t need directions to find his mate, because he could smell her sweet scent right away. Her scent was the first thing that he noticed once he stepped inside. 
After her scent, he heard the cry of a baby and Iris’ small voice in an attempt to comfort the little one followed by Hanna and Ethan’s voices. 
Cane walked down the corridor and opened the second door to his left, where he found his mate holding a little baby, who was crying until her face turned red. Iris tried to feed her, tapping a wet cloth to her lips, while Ethan and Hanna were arguing about something. 
Cane didn’t know what the two of them were talking about, as his eyes zeroed in on his mate, who was holding a baby in her arms. She looked so gentle and enchanting, as the dull golden light of the sun spilled into the room through the big window behind her. 
Somehow, the sight of her holding a baby warmed Cane’s heart, yet at the same time, he felt this helplessness and sorrow again, especially when he noticed the way Iris stared at the baby with love in her beautiful eyes.
###Chapter 291: THE SIGHT OF HER
Chapter 291: THE SIGHT OF HER
"Alpha, come and help us calm the baby down!" Ethan said cheerfully once he noticed the Alpha was there. "We were walking past this room when we heard the baby crying, but no one was nearby." 
Iris lifted her head and looked at Cane. She had been trying to make the baby stop crying, but she didn’t know how, since she hadn’t even held one before this. She saw Cane enter the room while his expression was as calm as ever, there was no trace of surprise, or anything that could tell her what he felt upon seeing her here. 
"Do you think the Alpha can calm the baby down?" Hanna asked in a small voice doubtfully. A man usually was clueless about handling a little one, especially someone with high status like Cane. Those men usually didn’t even care about their own children. As long as they had an heir, they were set for life. 
Therefore, someone like Prince Kellan, who was willing to take the pain and care for these children, was very exceptional. 
However, Ethan just grinned at Hanna proudly, while his eyes lit up with mirth. "Watch and learn," he said smugly, as Cane walked closer to them. 
"Give her to me," Cane said, as he held out his arms. At this point, the baby’s face had turned red. 
Iris stared at Cane for a moment, before she spoke sheepishly. "I have tried to feed the baby." Iris handed the baby carefully to Cane, who held the little one comfortably, as if he had done this countless times. 
The baby nestled in his arms, snuggled into him, though she was still crying, she toned down a little bit, feeling comfortable with the way Cane held and patted her back. 
Cane glanced at the glass of milk in Iris’ hand and the wet cloth that she used to feed the baby with, then talked to Hanna. "Make a new one. Ask someone if you don’t know how." 
The milk was already cold and they didn’t know how long the milk had been sitting there, so the taste probably had changed. 
"Yes, Alpha," Hanna said immediately, but before she left, she dragged Ethan with her. 
"What? I don’t know how to make a bottle of milk," Ethan protested, but Hanna glared at the Gamma, which made him flinch as he followed her sulkily, leaving the two of them alone. 
The baby was still crying a little bit, making a fuss, as she sucked on her fingers, trying to put all of her small hand into her mouth, but Cane pulled it back. 
The Alpha walked toward the basin and cleaned his hand, before he put his pinky finger into her mouth, so she could stop crying while they waited for Hanna to bring warm milk for her. 
"How did you do that?" Iris asked, she was fascinated by how easy it was for Cane to handle the baby. How did he know what to do? 
Yet, Cane said nothing, as he stared at the little one in his arms, the baby had brown eyes and black hair, as her chubby cheeks were rosy from her crying earlier, tears still streamed down her cheeks when she blinked. 
"Have you handled a baby before?" Iris asked again, she was enchanted by the Alpha before her eyes. The man, who was also her mate. The sight was so beautiful. It was so rare to see a man with status holding a baby, as they usually didn’t know how, since it was not common for them. 
Iris didn’t get the answer that she wanted from Cane, because he kept mum, but she would get it from Amee, who would tell her a warm story about how Cane prepared himself to be a father when Leane was pregnant with their first child. 
Not long after that, Hanna returned with Ethan following behind her, it seemed, the maid had reprimanded the Gamma because he couldn’t read the room, as he looked so sullen. 
Hanna handed a glass of warm milk and new, clean clothes to Cane and immediately dragged Ethan out of the room again, not heeding his protests. 
"Do you want to try?" Cane suddenly asked. The sky had turned dark out there and the room was warm with the fire from the brazier and the light from the luminous pearls on the wall. 
"Huh?" Iris didn’t read what Cane said, as she was busy gushing over him. She was a little bit embarrassed, thankfully, Cane didn’t know what she was thinking right now. 
"Do you want to try holding her?" Cane asked her again. 
"But, what if the baby cries again like earlier?" Iris was a little bit nervous, but she didn’t , thus Cane put her in her arms, while instructing her. 
"Relax your body, the baby can feel it if you are nervous." 
Iris took a deep breath and tried to be as relaxed as she could. She followed his instructions and when the baby looked comfortable, Cane taught her how to feed the baby, since currently no one could breastfeed the baby. 
"Don’t push it into her mouth, let her suck on it on her own." 
Iris was like an obedient mentee, listening to her mentor, as she fed the baby, until she got a handle of it and was confident enough. 
"Oh, I think the baby likes me now!" Iris said, feeling elated because the baby didn’t make a fuss when she drank her milk and nestled in her arms comfortably. 
"Hm." 
Cane watched her face lit up, as she learned a new thing. Her curls cascaded down her back and her face was as red as the color of her hair. She looked so adorable when she teased the baby and tried to talk to her. 
Both of them didn’t talk about the fact Iris was here, it was almost like a tacit understanding between them. Iris had made a decision and there was no going back from it at this point, as Cane had shown her what would come when she decided to be with him. 
And somehow, he felt his heart was a little bit lighter. 
Was it because Iris was here? Or the sight of her holding the baby?
###Chapter 292: WHAT IS YOUR STATUS?
Chapter 292: WHAT IS YOUR STATUS?
"What happened to Will?" Hanna asked Ethan, as they followed behind Iris and Cane. The two of them decided to take a walk in the yard before dinner got ready. They would have dinner together with the rest of the children and Prince Kellan. "Why didn’t he write back to me? Is he angry with me?" 
Hanna had racked her brains trying to figure out what could have possibly made him angry, but she couldn’t come up with any. They didn’t even have a fight before he started ignoring her like this. 
"No, there is no way he is angry with you," Ethan reassured her. "He always talks about you with shining eyes, as if he just swallowed a luminous pearl, but he indeed looks a little bit down lately. It is not just you, he is ignoring everyone else and spends the whole day without saying a word." 
Hanna bit her lip, she had heard as much and thought the other warriors were just exaggerating the situation, but after more than four people said the same thing, she couldn’t help but feel even more worried about Will. 
"Do you know what caused him to act like that?" Hanna was nervous. She didn’t like this feeling, if she could, she wanted to go where he was, but it was not possible. "Do you know what happened to him during the monster attack?" 
"I don’t know... I don’t have any idea what happened during the monster attack." Ethan then pointed to himself. "I was locked inside that damn room, remember?" 
"Ah, right..." Hanna just remembered that. She was too anxious, that detail slipped her mind. 
"I think the only person who knows why Will suddenly acts weirdly is him." Ethan nodded at Cane’s back. "But, don’t let your hopes go high. Even I myself don’t know how to pry information out of him." 
Hanna stared at the Alpha’s back and then at her missy, who was stealing a glance at Cane every now and then, as they walked in silence side by side. 
She was so desperate to see Will and talk to him. She had been so restless every time she thought about him, as if something bad would happen. This ominous feeling wouldn’t just go away. 
On the other hand, Iris tried to engage Cane in a light conversation, because the Alpha had been very quiet, he didn’t even say anything after he saw her here. Why was he so callous? Didn’t he feel happy to see her? Or at least, relieved? He wanted to see her, right? 
"Are you not happy to see me here?" Iris asked bluntly, which made Cane snap his head in her direction, not expecting such a question from her. 
Iris furrowed her brows slightly and looked at him nervously. "I am happy," Cane replied curtly, before he shifted his attention to the orphanage building in front of him. It seemed dinner had been prepared as the smell of delicious food wafted in the air. 
The appetizing aroma of sizzling bacon was mouthwatering. 
"Do you want to see me here?" 
"Yes." 
"Would you have been sad if I didn’t come?" 
Cane glanced at her and met her expectant eyes. "I am glad you are here." 
A small smile tugged up the corners of Iris’ lips, though that was not the answer that she was looking for, at the very least, he let her know he wanted her to be here. 
Iris swung their hands together. It was easy to tell she was delighted with Cane’s answer, but he stopped her from swinging their hands, as he held her small one firmly. 
Yet, Iris’ smile immediately faded away when she saw the person who had been waiting for them in front of the building. It was Nala. The sight of her put Iris in a bad mood. 
"Alpha Cane," Nala greeted Cane, as she approached him with a beautiful smile on her lips. Her eyes shone brightly. "I have been waiting for you. I came to relay a message from the King." 
Nala even had the audacity to ignore Iris completely, as she didn’t even glance at the woman beside Cane. 
Seeing how this woman ignored his mate, Cane didn’t heed to what she said and pulled Iris with him, as both of them walked past her. 
Nala was stunned. How could an alpha ignore a message from the King? But, Cane just did that. 
"Alpha!" Nala immediately followed him into the building. "Alpha, this is a message from the King, you need to respect it." She admired Cane’s recklessness, as he dared enough to ignore her after she brought up the King’s name. What made him so confident to go against the King? 
At this point, Nala really wanted to know more about Cane, not just for her mission, but because she was genuinely curious about this man. She glanced at Cane and Iris’ intertwined hands, as they walked side by side and felt jealous. 
"Alpha!" Nala ran ahead and stopped right in front of Cane, forcing the two of them to stop and listen to her. "Alpha, I will not take offense to what you have done earlier, but you need to listen to me." 
"But I did." 
Nala stopped for a moment, she couldn’t understand what he was saying, so couldn’t Iris. Nala looked at Cane closely. "Pardon me?" Nala furrowed her brows. Why would he take offense when she was the one who was being offended? 
"What rank are you?" Cane asked coldly, which made Nala’s face blanch, because she immediately understood what the Alpha meant. 
She was someone without a rank on her own, only a daughter of the chief of the royal warriors. If a person’s rank was based on the status of your family and the man that had taken you in to be his woman, then Nala’s rank was close to a personal maid, since her status of being a daughter of the chief of the royal warriors didn’t mean anything in front of the alphas, especially Cane, who held the golden stamp and was the special emissary of the King. 
"My apologies, Alpha," Nala said weakly. She lowered her head, her cheeks bright red.
###Chapter 293: HE KNEW WHAT SHE WAS UP TO
Chapter 293: HE KNEW WHAT SHE WAS UP TO
"My apologies, Alpha." Nala was so embarrassed after being called out, especially in front of Iris. "But, I need to relay the message from the King." Nala was still stubborn, she lifted her head to glance at Cane, yet still refused to acknowledge Iris. 
And, it was actually Hanna, who got so mad upon witnessing the disrespectful attitude Nala showed to her missy. "Shouldn’t you kneel in front of the Alpha and Luna when you greet them? It is also disrespectful for you to block their way," Hanna chimed in from behind Iris. 
Nala threw a dagger look at Hanna, but she immediately lowered her head again, because she could feel the Alpha staring at her. She didn’t want to be on his bad side. There was another important thing she needed to do and this task was very important. 
"My apologies for my lack of respect, Alpha Cane..." Nala gritted her teeth, as she went down on her knees. "... Luna Iris." 
However, when Nala was already kneeling in front of the two of them, Cane simply stepped aside and pulled Iris with him. "I will hear that after dinner." 
And after saying that, Cane walked away, he didn’t even spare her a single glance. He was as cold as ever, it was very delusional of Nala to think she could get on Cane’s good side after blatantly ignoring his mate. 
Seeing that, Hanna was elated. She was very happy for her missy, as the Alpha completely ignored this vicious woman. Her steps were so light when she followed the two of them, while Ethan snickered along with her. 
On the other hand, Nala felt so humiliated by what had happened, her face turned so red and she grinded her teeth, trying to hold back her tears, as she stood up and watched Cane’s back. 
What else should she do to get a little bit of attention from him? Why didn’t he look her way at all when all the men in the palace would never refuse her advances? They would worship her in the bed, even the King could barely keep his hands off her. 
Meanwhile, Iris grinned when she saw the way Cane defended her. At this moment, she didn’t mind watching his cold side. He was so cunning to use his status on Nala, but his action was justified and somehow, Iris felt so warm in her heart because in a way, she felt what Cane had done was to defend her. 
"Thank you," Iris said in a small voice and Cane put his finger under her chin to make her look at him. 
"You need to learn how to put people in their places." 
Iris was stunned because she didn’t expect Cane to say such a thing, but she nodded anyway. The Alpha wouldn’t always be with her, thus she needed to find a way to defend herself. 
After all, she carried the title of the Luna of two packs and the way people perceived her was very important, as it would affect Cane as well. 
Iris thought that was the reason why Cane told her that, but in his opinion, he simply didn’t like the way Nala treated Iris and she wouldn’t be the last person who would confront his mate and disrespect her, thus he wanted her to stand up for herself more. 
This was the path she chose and it wouldn’t be an easy one, Cane had shown her and she knew the consequences that entailed when she decided to come here. It was a long battle and he wanted her to be ready for whatever would come their way. 
Iris looked relaxed and felt a little bit excited after the ordeal with Nala, she glanced over her shoulder and saw how Nala walked so far behind them, as she threw her a hatred glare, but Iris walked closer to Cane in response, she literally glued herself to him, while the Alpha only glanced at her and let her do whatever. He knew what she was up to. 
Yet, Iris’ petty mood turned into a dreadful one when she saw the person at the head of the long table in the dining room. It was Prince Kellan. Her whole body reacted, as she became so stiff, unconsciously, she grabbed Cane’s hand a little bit tighter. 
Her reaction didn’t go unnoticed by Cane yet again. 
Iris felt the whole room become so bleak, even the smile on the children’s faces looked so creepy in her eyes. Her stomach churned the more she walked closer to the Prince. 
Meanwhile, Prince Kellan smiled warmly at Iris, he even invited them to sit next to him, instead of sitting at another table and Cane took her close to him, as he sat down next to the Prince, while Iris was beside him. She was fidgeting. 
Hanna and Ethan went to another table across the room, as they talked with the other children and didn’t pay close attention to their alpha and luna. 
Not long after that, Nala entered the room and she sat down on the other table too, but her eyes were fixed on Cane and Iris. A moment later, an old lady approached her and sat down next to her. They were having a conversation in low voices, so no one could hear what they were talking about. 
"What do you think about the children in this orphanage?" Prince Kellan asked Iris, his voice was so warm and gentle, as if he was talking to a child, but Iris couldn’t hear that and she missed the question, until Cane squeezed her hand and let her know the Prince was talking to her.
"They are adorable," Iris replied. She was trying to smile, but she felt nauseated. 
"It’s a relief that you find them adorable, because they can be little devils at times." Prince Kellan looked her in the eyes and this made her uncomfortable. "Children are so amazing, aren’t they? That’s why I like them." 
Iris felt her heart thumping wildly in her chest. She didn’t like the Prince’s smile.
###Chapter 294: HER BODY IS NOT RESPONSIVE TO HEALING MAGIC
Chapter 294: HER BODY IS NOT RESPONSIVE TO HEALING MAGIC
During dinner, Iris kept scratching her palm. Somehow, she felt so itchy and the food tasted like sand in her mouth. She felt unwell the last time she met with Prince Kellan as well, and every time she met with him, the feeling only intensified. 
There was something she must remember, but no matter how harder she tried, she couldn’t help but feel this fear creep into her being. This feeling was almost the same as when she entered a dark room, which was the place she was so afraid of. 
Iris couldn’t eat comfortably, as she kept scratching her palm and now the itchiness spread to her arms. 
Meanwhile, Cane and Prince Kellan were in the middle of an important discussion, which Iris didn’t have any desire to know. 
All of a sudden, Cane’s hand stopped her from scratching herself and Iris lifted her head to see both of them were staring at her. "Did you touch something dirty?" 
"I don’t know," Iris mumbled, she lowered her head and saw her arms were so red, so did her palms. "I am not feeling well." She just wanted to get out of this room, stay far away from Prince Kellan. 
"Did you eat the pie?" Prince Kellan suddenly asked, concern evident in his voice. 
Cane put his finger under her chin and lifted her head to look at him. "Did you eat the pie?" He repeated the question from Prince Kellan, because Iris missed it. 
"Yes, I took two bites of it." 
"Ah!" Prince Kellan gasped and this reaction made Cane look in his direction, his eyes questioning him about it. "I forgot that you have an allergy to strawberries, right?" 
"You have an allergy to strawberries?" Cane asked Iris and took a bite of the pie, from the taste of it, the pie was indeed a mixture of strawberry and apple. 
"Yes." 
"Call a healer here," Kellan immediately said to the warrior behind him. "Alpha, you can take her to the first room on the left on the second floor." 
Cane immediately helped Iris to get up, as her face blanched, she started to hyperventilate, as she breathed with so much difficulty. 
Because Iris couldn’t steady herself, Cane took her in his arms, he carried her all the way out of the dinning hall, while she writhed in pain. 
On the other hand, seeing how Cane rushed Iris out, both Hanna and Ethan immediately followed them, while Nala and the old woman next to her were confused. 
"What’s going on?" Nala asked the old woman, but she was as clueless as she was. In the end, both of them decided to follow them out. 
"Who is that old woman with Nala Dmitri?" Kellan asked the warrior behind him. His voice was so calm and his calculative eyes stared at Nala and the mysterious woman. 
"I will look into it, Prince Kellan." The warrior left to find out the identity of her, while Kellan fell deep in thought. He allowed Nala to come to the orphanage because his king father told him to let her help. Even though there was nothing she could do here, he still couldn’t refuse the order. 
Cane was aware of Nala’s presence and had the same idea as Kellan that Nala was here to report back whatever happened in this orphanage and because there was nothing to hide, they paid no mind to her. 
========================== 
"Heavens! I didn’t know there were strawberries on the table!" Hanna freaked out when she knew what Iris had eaten. "She is allergic to that fruit!" 
Since strawberry was not a common fruit in this continent, Hanna almost forgot about her allergy. After all, they didn’t encounter the fruit so often. 
"We need to call a healer!" Ethan said in panic, as he rushed out of the room, but Hanna stopped him. 
"A healer will not help, because Miss Iris’ body will not respond to the healing magic." Hanna gave a glass of warm water to Cane, who helped Iris to drink it. At this point, Iris could barely open her eyes, her body was so cold, but she was still trying to scratch her arms, while Hanna tried to stop her. "It happened once in the past when she was ten and the healer of the pack couldn’t heal her, because she was not responsive to any healing spells. We can only give her conventional medicine." 
Cane remembered how Iris’ body was not responsive to a certain magic. "What did you do before?" 
"Please stop her from scratching herself and don’t let her lie down, because she can’t breathe when she is lying down, she needs to be in a sitting position and I need to gather the herbs that she needs." Hanna gave another glass of warm water to Cane. "Please, keep her hydrated." 
And after telling Cane all she could remember, she rushed out of the room to gather the herbs she needed. 
"Go with her," Cane said to Ethan, who immediately followed Hanna out. 
Not long after that, the healer that Kellan had summoned entered the room, she immediately checked on Iris and casted a healing spell, but just like what Hanna had told them, Iris’ body didn’t respond to the healing power. 
"This is so strange, why is my healing magic not working on her?" The healer mumbled, she was a woman in her early forties with brown hair and dark eyes. Her eyebrows furrowed deeply, as she tried for a second time and then the third and the fourth, but the result was still the same. "Her body is rejecting the magic. This is the first time I see it." 
"She is a runt," Cane said and the healer nodded. 
"Probably because she is a runt, her body may have developed differently." Though she said that, she was not convinced that was the sole reason her magic didn’t work on her. 
"Someone named Hanna, my mate’s personal maid, has gone out to look for herbs she needs. It will be helpful if you can guide her."
###Chapter 295: DREAMS
Chapter 295: DREAMS
Cane cradled Iris in his arms, as she sat on his lap, because Hanna said not to let her lie down, since she couldn’t breathe, while Iris was in and out of consciousness constantly. 
"I need to go to the bathroom..." Iris said in a weak voice. 
She didn’t realize she had eaten a strawberry, as the food tasted like sand in her mouth when her anxiety flared up upon sitting so close to Kellan. 
At first, Cane thought Iris’ reaction was because of the Prince, but when he learned it was due to her allergy, his thoughts went back to square one again. 
"What...?" Iris was mortified when Cane reached into her clothes. "What are... you doing?" 
"I will help you." Cane thought she was going to take a pee because she drank so much, but Iris stopped him from taking off her undergarment. 
"I just want to vomit..." If she was not this pale, her face would be so bright red. How could Cane be so casual about this thing? There was a time when Cane wiped her whole body and he didn’t even change his expression to see her nakedness. 
Cane then pulled a water bucket from under the bed. Before leaving earlier, Hanna had said that Iris would probably want to throw up, so he asked someone to prepare this. 
"No, I want to go to the bathroom..." Iris didn’t want to vomit in front of Cane, she was embarrassed enough. 
Yet, Cane had seen things even more embarrassing and had touched the dirtiest things in this realm, a vomit didn’t bother him. 
"Just do it here," Cane said gently. 
Iris shook her head, but it only made her feel more nauseated. She gritted her teeth, stubbornly holding back this uncomfortable feeling, but Cane pulled the water bucket close to her and bent her neck, as he massaged her back rhythmically, to help her ease the discomfort.
No longer able to hold it back, Iris regurgitated into the bucket, the sound was so embarrassing, she tried to push Cane away, but it was only a futile attempt, as she couldn’t stop herself from emptying her stomach. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t even flinch when he heard the sound, nor did he furrow his brows. If anything, the only thing that made him dissatisfied was to see how much pain Iris was in. Unconsciously, he took a mental note of this incident, he would make sure it would never happen again in the future. 
Iris kept retching, even when there was nothing coming out of her mouth, as she felt so bitter and exhausted. She lifted her head and Cane wiped her mouth with a clean towel, he put away the bucket and cradled her again against his chest. Her body was so cold, thus he asked someone to light up one more brazier inside the room, even though it was already so hot for him. 
"Drink this," Cane said, as he brought the glass to her mouth, so she could drink it easily. He caressed her back to ease her pain. 
Iris drank half of the water, but her mouth felt so bitter, even the warm water tasted so distasteful in her mouth. 
An hour later, when Iris finally fell asleep again, Kellan entered the room. Aroyal warrior pushed his wheelchair in and left him inside before he walked out of the room. 
"How is she?" Kellan asked, his expression filled with concern. "I heard the healer can’t help because her body is not responsive to the healing power." 
"Yes." Cane pulled a blanket and covered Iris’ body, up to her face, so from Kellan’s point of view, he could only see her curly, auburn hair. "How do you know she is allergic to strawberries?" 
"I was friends with Mason, he told me before and Iris confirmed it." Kellan smiled helplessly. "I have told you before, I used to be pretty close to her when she was still little, but I think she forgot after a decade of not meeting each other again, after all a lot of things happened during that period of time. I am not surprised she forgot." 
Cane said nothing, but his dark eyes were akin to a pair of black holes, they were so mysterious, as if he was holding thousands of secrets. 
"You can stay here for as long as you want. Please, take this as my apology for not realizing it soon. I completely forgot about her allergy." 
"You don’t need to be sorry, I am thankful for that small information you still provided. You remembered it in time." 
After they exchanged a few pleasantries, Kellan withdrew and wished for Iris’ fast recovery. He didn’t forget to tell Cane to ask him if he needed anything. 
Meanwhile, Iris was having trouble in her sleep, she was very restless because these familiar dreams kept invading her mind and this time it lasted a little bit longer than the last time. 
She was in the empty hall again with the five swords and a mysterious person, staring at her from a distance, but this time, she managed to tell that this person was a woman, she had curly hair in the same color as hers, but then, her dream stopped and she was suddenly inside her bedroom, staring at the bleak winter morning, as snow piled up on the ground. 
Whenever winter came, she couldn’t go out, because she easily got sick whenever she felt very cold. 
She was alone in her room when someone entered and she saw him for the first time. He was a little bit older than her brother, but she recognized him immediately. 
"Prince Kellan," Iris said, blinking her blue eyes when she watched the Prince smile at her warmly and she smiled back at him, it was a rare occasion for someone to treat her nicely. 
"Hello," Prince Kellan said, as he closed the door behind him and then approached little Iris, who was excited to see him. 
"Are you playing with me today?" Little Iris asked, her eyes lit up enthusiastically, because the Prince finally came to play with her.
###Chapter 296: WHAT ARE WE GOING TO PLAY?
Chapter 296: WHAT ARE WE GOING TO PLAY?
Iris was only seven years old at that time, it was the first winter after Hanna became her personal maid. She remembered how Hanna used to bring her hot chocolate to warm her body and she liked it. 
During that time, Iris often saw Prince Kellan come visiting their pack house and play with her brother. She would always be jealous because Mason would make sure she watched them having fun from her window. 
Therefore, when the Prince noticed her and started playing with her, she was very happy. She waited for his visits and was no longer jealous of Mason, because after Prince Kellan finished playing with him, he would always come to her bedroom. 
"What will we play today?" Iris stared at him expectantly. She wished her brother would be as nice as him, since Mason was so mean to her and always made her cry. 
"I have a new game," Kellan said, he enunciated his words slowly, because sometimes Iris would misread it. "But, this game is a secret, can you keep it a secret?" 
"Yes," Iris said eagerly, she was so giddy to have a secret of her own. 
"You can’t tell Hanna either." 
"Why?" 
"Because this is a secret." 
"Okay." Little Iris didn’t want to upset the Prince, because he was the only one who wanted to play with her besides Hanna, thus she nodded her head eagerly. She wanted to please him, so he would like her more. "What will we play?" 
Iris watched Kellan’s lips move, but she couldn’t read what he was saying. 
"I can’t read it, can you slow down a bit, please..." Iris furrowed her brows, even after the Prince said it slowly, she couldn’t capture the words he said. "What did you say..." 
And when Iris stared at Kellan’s lips closely, those lips drew into a beautiful smile and everything went black. Iris was startled because she didn’t like dark places, yet when she opened her eyes, she found herself inside a bright room and her body was so warm. 
She rubbed her eyes groggily, as she felt someone was so close to her and she realized she was actually sitting in someone’s lap. When she lifted her head, the first thing she noticed was Cane staring at her. He had a towel in his left hand, while his right arm secured her in position, so she wouldn’t fall when she was sleeping. 
"Awake?" Cane asked, he wiped her sweat and put down the towel to reach a glass on the table next to the bed. "Come, drink this." 
Sluggishly, Iris drank it, but she immediately pushed it away because the taste was so bitter. "What is that?" 
"Medicine." 
Iris frowned, but then she remembered what happened. She then looked at her arms and her palms, but there were no scratches on her skin. 
"The healer stopped the bleeding on your arms and palms, but she couldn’t do anything about your allergy," Cane explained shortly. "Hanna had gone to great lengths to find the ingredients for this medicine. You have to finish it." 
"That’s bitter," Iris said sullenly. She frowned at the sight of that black liquid. 
"I will give you candy after you finish it." 
"I am not a child." Iris pursed her lips. She had forgotten about her dreams. 
"Then drink this." Cane put the glass close to her lips again and Iris didn’t have any other choice, but to drink it, there was no room for negotiation when the Alpha insisted on something. 
"Where is the candy?" Iris demanded after she finished drinking the bitter medicine and Cane popped the candy into her mouth. Gradually, the bitterness disappeared when she chewed on it. 
Iris glanced out the window and the sky was so bleak, she was not sure if it was early morning or it was already night. 
"Is it morning?" 
"Hm." Cane nodded and Iris could see the gesture. 
"I slept the whole night." 
"You have slept two whole nights." 
"Pardon?" Iris missed what Cane said, as she lifted her head and looked at him. 
"You slept for two whole nights." 
Reading that, Iris was stunned, she didn’t think she had fallen asleep for that long, but there was no way Cane would lie to her and it was even more impossible for the Alpha to make a joke. 
After that, Cane put her on the bed, as she laid down and he walked out of the room, not long after that, Hanna came. Her eyes were red, obviously she had been crying. 
"You scared me," Hanna said, as she hugged Iris and kissed her cheeks. "I thought you would not open your eyes anymore." 
Hanna tended to be a little bit dramatic when she was being overwhelmed with her emotions. "I am fine, Hanna. It’s just an allergy." 
"No!" Hanna let her go, but she stared at Iris sternly. "You were unconscious for two days and two nights, more so, the Alpha didn’t allow anyone to enter the room, how could I not feel so restless?" 
Iris found the information a little bit weird. "Why didn’t the Alpha allow you to enter the room?" She thought Hanna took care of her and she just happened to wake up in Cane’s arms, because he got used to sleeping while hugging her. 
"Unless when I brought you medicine or a meal, he didn’t allow anyone else to enter the room." Hanna then remembered something. "Prince Kellan entered this room once, but he came out after a few minutes. I think the Alpha didn’t entertain him and clearly showed how he didn’t want to be bothered." 
"Really?" Iris was surprised. "Then... Is it the Alpha too, who changed my dress?" Iris remembered she didn’t wear this simple dress during dinner that night. 
"Yes, who else?" Hanna tilted her head and watched how Iris bit her lip. 
"Hanna... I vomited in front of him..." Iris said in a small voice, she looked terrified when she remembered the smell. "It’s so embarrassing..." She really wanted to cry. 
How could Cane be so calm to see her like that?
###Chapter 297: CALL HIM BY HIS NAME
Chapter 297: CALL HIM BY HIS NAME
Hanna sympathized with her missy, because just by imagining it alone, she could feel how embarrassing it was. She could understand why Iris felt so dreadful. 
They were living in a society, where a proper woman shouldn’t air her ugly side, they should always be impeccable and graceful, especially women with status, in front of their mates. Because of the fact that men could have as many mistresses and women as they wanted and it was not something to be frowned upon, their women should always be conscious of their appearance and how they took care of themselves. 
Therefore, what Iris had done in front of Cane could be counted as very disgusting and unacceptable. 
"Don’t worry, Miss. From what I see, the Alpha didn’t say anything about it. He even stayed with you and never left your side during those two days." Hanna immediately comforted Iris before she felt even worse. "He didn’t leave this room at all and kept holding you in his arms." 
Iris wiped her tears, her curls stuck to her face and Hanna tucked her hair behind her ears. "He didn’t leave the room?" Iris frowned. Wasn’t he busy and had a lot of things to take care of? 
"Yes. The Alpha kept cradling you in his arms, as you slept on his lap." 
Iris remembered when she woke up the first time and found herself lying on Cane’s lap. There was no way he kept holding her like that for two days straight, right? 
Hanna then added. "Every time I entered the room, the Alpha would be in the same position. He even took over my job of swiping your body." 
"And you let him?!" Iris shrieked, her face bright red. Even though that was not the first time he helped her like that, he didn’t need to, because right now Hanna was there to do it. Why would he take the pain to thoroughly take care of her? 
"It’s not like I can refuse him, right?" Hanna was right. There was no way she could go against the Alpha’s words. "Miss..." Hanna nudged her missy. 
Iris lifted her head and looked at Hanna, who was staring at her mischievously. "Hm?" What now? 
"I think the Alpha genuinely cares for you. I think he fell for you," Hanna giggled when she said that, her smile became even wider when she imagined it. 
"Don’t talk nonsense. Of course, he cares, I am his mate." 
Hanna pursed her lips. "Many men couldn’t care less about their mates, as long as they are available when they need them, it is enough for them, but the Alpha is so different. He is so cold, but he cares for you through his actions." 
Iris couldn’t agree with her, knowing Cane always did something with precise calculation, she would always question his motives, since he wouldn’t do something that would waste his time. More so, Iris knew Cane needed her. It would be enough reason for him to treat her well, right? 
So did Iris. She needed Cane to survive. In the end, they needed each other, as it benefited the two of them in the long run. 
Despite what Iris said to herself, she still felt bitter to question Cane’s sincerity. She felt she became greedy now for wanting more after he treated her a little decently. 
"He even stood up for you when that snake woman, Nala, disrespected you." 
"Because I am his mate, if someone disrespects me, they are looking down on him too, that’s why he did what he did to Nala." That was why Cane told her to stand up for herself more, because she also carried the title of the Luna, as his mate. 
Hanna was about to retort that, but suddenly the door was opened and the Alpha walked into the room, holding a tray full of breakfast. 
"Oh, I am sorry, Alpha. I should have prepared this for both of you," Hanna said, as she immediately stood up. She should have come with Iris’ breakfast, instead, she rushed in here first to see her missy, which forced the Alpha to get his own breakfast. 
"You can leave," Cane said curtly to Hanna, without even looking at her. He sat down next to Iris and put the tray on the bed. There was a lot of food there and the smell was so appetizing. 
Hearing that, Hanna happily left, but before she walked out, she took the opportunity of the fact that the Alpha wasn’t paying her any attention to wink at Iris. She glanced at the breakfast Cane brought and smiled meaningfully at her missy, as if she wanted to say what the Alpha did now highlighted the point she had told her before. He cared for her through his actions. 
"Come, eat this." Cane lifted a spoonful of creamy soup to her mouth and helped her eat slowly. He was very attentive, as he alternately gave her different foods, so she could taste all of them. 
On the other hand, Iris was famished. She had not eaten anything for two days and she only realized how hungry she was when she tasted the food. 
"I am full," Iris murmured. 
In the end, she couldn’t finish all of them, because Cane brought too much food and it would upset her stomach if she ate too much after not eating anything for two days. 
Cane didn’t insist, as he put away the tray and walked toward the door, apparently, someone had been knocking and when the Alpha opened it, this person gave him something. 
It was a simple white dress that was folded neatly. 
"You need to change, we will go back to the palace now." Cane had postponed a lot of important things and the King had been very agitated because he kept pushing the matter regarding the lycan with an excuse he couldn’t leave his mate alone. He didn’t lie this time when he said Iris was sick, though. 
Moreover, he refused to talk to Nala no matter how hard she tried, as he instructed not to bother him when he was inside the room to tend to his mate, rendering Nala unable to come close to him because he had locked himself inside the bedroom with Iris. 
From the information Cane got from Prince Kellan, a witch accompanied Nala when she came to the orphanage and both of them had this tacit understanding that Nala didn’t have a good intention to come here, after all she had nothing to do with the whole matter of the orphan children and the construction of the new building. The fact she was ordered by the King to follow them here alone was worthy of suspicion.
"I will change my dress, can you leave please?" Iris asked sheepishly when Cane approached her with the clean dress. 
"I will close my eyes, you can change." Cane walked toward the sofa and sat down there, as he closed his eyes. He had not gotten any sleep for two days and after seeing Iris was fine, he could finally rest. 
"Alpha?" Iris called him, as she got off the bed and started to undress herself, she felt a little bit energetic now after eating something. 
"You can call me by my name," Cane said with his eyes still closed.
###Chapter 298: HE HAD BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
Chapter 298: HE HAD BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
"You can call me by my name," Cane said with his eyes still closed, while Iris undressed in front of him. He leaned his back against the sofa. 
Most of the time, unless Iris was overwhelmed or agitated, she would call Cane as ’alpha’. Before, when she was still a slave to him, she would call him her master, but right now, he wanted her to call him by his name. 
It was a rare occasion for Iris to call him by his name, but now she remembered, every time she did that, Cane never corrected her. 
"Cane." 
"Hm?" 
Somehow, Iris felt giddy when she called him by his name. "Thank you for taking care of me." 
There was no answer from Cane and Iris almost thought he fell asleep, but then instead of answering her question, he asked her. "What else are you allergic to?" 
Iris thought about it for a while. "Nothing. Only strawberries." She frowned when she saw the dress had a string on the back. This was a type of dress that would need someone else’s help to tie it for you. 
Little did Iris know, the dress was chosen by Hanna and that was the main reason why she chose this kind of dress for her. 
After a few minutes of struggling with the string, Iris gave up, she approached Cane and made the Alpha open his eyes all of a sudden, he was on alert because he felt someone come closer to him. 
"What is it?" However, he immediately relaxed when he saw it was just his mate. His head was throbbing painfully because of lack of sleep and the thoughts of the countless things he needed to take care of. 
"Can you help me?" Iris turned around and gathered her hair on her left shoulder to show her back. She was always self conscious when she showed him her back, because it was so ugly. She really didn’t like this kind of dress. 
Cane looked at her and saw that annoying string again. He helped her before with the string and was pretty sure he disliked it, because he didn’t have any idea how to tie it prettily. 
Yet, he still stood up and took the string, as he tried to figure it out. When he looked at her back, he saw her scars. Some of them looked so deep and painful. He could only imagine how much she bled when she got these scars. 
For a moment, his hands stopped, he stared and this made Iris fidget. She could feel his eyes on her back. 
"Cane?" Iris turned around her body and found his eyes, staring at her. "I- I will ask Hanna to do it." 
But, Cane simply turned her body around again and this made Iris squirm, trying to hide it from his eyes, but what else could she do when he held her firmly. 
Anxiously, Iris used her hair to cover her scars. "I will ask Hanna..." 
As her hair cascaded down behind her back, Cane pulled her closer to him. His left hand wrapped around her waist, while his right hand gathered her hair to her right shoulder, exposing her back once again. 
"Cane?" Iris tried to get away from him, but then she was stunned, because she felt his lips on her back. His lips were so cold, but his breath was so warm, as he trailed his lips down her spine, kissing her wounds. Iris froze in her place, not knowing what to do. "Cane...?" 
What was he going to do? What did he say? She was sure he said something because his lips were on her skin. 
’Don’t get sick.’ 
That was what Cane whispered to her.
Iris felt her skin burning, as her heart leapt in her chest. Why did he kiss her scars? Didn’t they look so ugly and disgusting? Iris was uncomfortable. She felt Cane didn’t need to do this, because she was afraid he would loathe her. 
His body engulfed hers, his scent was intoxicating and the way he kissed her back was very intimate, but suddenly Cane stopped and he let her go, but he didn’t fix her dress. The Alpha walked toward the door and opened it slightly, so the person, who had been knocking, wouldn’t be able to see inside. 
"What is it?" Cane asked Ethan, who looked so distraught. Whatever it was, it wouldn’t be good news. 
"Koda is here, he came with five of his warriors." 
Koda was the former beta of the Red Claw pack, he was Prince Vemion’s grandfather and even though he had stepped down from his position as a beta, he still held some power over the pack. He led the warriors from the Red Claw pack, demanding the King to solve this problem, but even now, King Aeon still held back the investigation, treating this matter as if this was a secret, albeit people had been biting each other’s ears about this. 
Cane had expected he would come looking for him and it must be the King, who had provoked this man to confront him directly, since he delayed his return to the palace and made excuses whenever he summoned him back. 
There was a vicious smile on his lips when finally Koda came to find him himself. He had been waiting for this. 
If Cane was the one who went looking for Koda, the King would be suspicious of him, but if it was the King himself, who had pushed the former beta to find him by himself, he wouldn’t be suspicious about this meeting. 
Cane had been thinking about how to meet Koda without raising the King’s suspicion, but a chance came on its own. He just have to make the most of his situation. 
"What is it? Is it also part of your plan?" Ethan narrowed his eyes, he could feel a chill run down his spine to see the malevolent look in Cane’s eyes right now. 
"Where is he?" Cane didn’t answer his question. 
"He is waiting in the Prince’s study, Prince Kellan is accompanying him right now." 
Prince Kellan didn’t stay in this orphanage, but he had his own room and study here. Moreover, because of the construction, he needed to travel back and forth to oversee the progress, even though he didn’t need to. 
"Hm." Cane nodded. "Call Hanna, tell her to stay with Iris." 
And after saying that, Cane left to meet with Koda. 
================================ 
Alan was so annoyed by the task that his mother gave to him. He needed to get close to the merchant from Karam, but Lou was not someone that he could get along well with. This merchant was too carefree and he still remembered how he bullied him when they were in the black market. 
However, with her mother’s influence, King Aeon appointed him to be the person in charge of the project to install magical devices around the capital city in order to defend themselves against the monster attack. 
Especially after the two monster attacks, the King had been enforcing it to be completed as soon as possible and because Princess Osana was not in a condition where she could be the person in charge to pay attention to the progress, it would be Alan, who would take the role. 
"You are late," Lou said, feeling annoyed when he saw Alan.
###Chapter 299: THE ENEMY OF MY ENEMY IS NOT MY PROBLEM
Chapter 299: THE ENEMY OF MY ENEMY IS NOT MY PROBLEM
"You are late," Lou said, feeling annoyed when he saw Alan. He tapped his feet impatiently as he looked at the Prince. There was no trace of respect in the way the merchant acted, as if he had been waiting for someone of lower rank, instead of the Crown Prince of the kingdom. 
He became so smug only because he knew how desperately the King wanted him to start the construction of the magical devices around the capital city. This was also one of the King’s ways to reassure the people that everything was still under control and they were safe in the city. It calmed them down a little bit, but they were still skeptical and the tension was still so high. 
Especially with the people from the Red Claw pack demanding the King to find the fourth prince as soon as possible. The situation became even murkier than the King could handle, forcing himself to rely heavily on Cane to fix all the problems, by giving him the title of the king’s special emissary. 
"There are a lot of things I need to do, I am busy." Alan was tasked with forming a good bond with Lou, but he didn’t think he could do it. Their personalities simply clashed with each other’s, more so, the Crown Prince was not really smart to control his emotions and ego, he let his anger spiral out of control and put himself in trouble, oftentimes. 
"Well, if you don’t have time, you can go back to where you came from, but don’t tell me to wait for you." Lou turned around and walked along the high wall of the capital city. 
This wall encircled the capital city, it was a fortress to defend against the enemy attacks, especially monsters. It was very absurd for those monsters to appear in the palace, while the palace was placed in the center of the city. There was no sign the monsters broke through the wall and the portal was still under the investigation of the royal magic users. 
However, there was no way they could link it back to Lou. 
Alan stopped the merchant, he blocked his way before he climbed the stairs to the watchtower, one of the eight spots they intended to install the magic devices on this wall, which surrounded the capital city. They call this wall the Great Ogregon. 
"I know you dislike Cane." Alan went as far as calling Cane without his title, showing how much he looked down on him. 
"What are you trying to say?" Lou tilted his head, his red cloak fluttered in this winter wind. It felt a little bit warm this afternoon, as the snow slowly melted. 
"I can help you." 
"I don’t recall needing your help." 
Alan gritted his teeth. He hated it when someone played dumb in front of him. Lou should have known what he meant. "I can see how much you dislike him. He doesn’t respect you and moreover-" Alan lowered his voice, as his eyes turned vicious. "You like that woman, right? Iris, Cane’s mate. I can see that you are interested in her, that’s why you want to spend a day with her." 
That was the condition Lou gave to Alan when he asked to buy the Asturi Stem and he thought Lou had his eyes on her. 
"You can spend a day with her, I can help you with that, as long as you help me too." Alan thought, if they couldn’t stand each other and it was too difficult for him to get close to him, since their interests were so different, they could work on something together, in that way as well, he could get a hold of this merchant. 
Hearing that, Lou raised his brows and then broke into a fit of laughter, which left Alan stunned. He was confused at first, but a little while later, he felt humiliated. What did he mean by laughing like that at his suggestion? 
Once Lou stopped laughing, he patted Alan’s shoulder, while staring at him with pity. "Do you really think you can one up the Alpha? You never won a case against him, not when we were in the black market, nor when you were in your comfy palace with your parents backing you up. How can you think you can outsmart him?" 
Lou spoke in such a way, as if Alan was only a little boy who was being too cocky because he had a great power behind him, yet without that, he was only someone without a brain. 
"Of course, we can!" Alan fumed. He didn’t like the way Lou talked to him. 
"’We’?" Lou smirked, he tilted his head, as he looked at Alan up and down. If Cane showed his contempt by ignoring him, the merchant showed his contempt bluntly. "I am not a typical person that will say; the enemy of my enemy is my friend. No. The enemy of my enemy is not my problem. Not my battle." 
Lou patted Alan’s shoulder again, as he stepped aside and climbed the stairs to the watchtower, but on the third step he turned around and spoke again. 
"Oh, actually, I have a deal with Alpha Cane to install magical devices in his packs, since his packs are often liable to the attacks by monsters." 
"You! You are a traitor! How can you help him?!" Once again, Alan threw a tantrum. 
"I am not a traitor, My Prince, I am a merchant and I am looking for profits." Lou grinned and then turned around to continue his job. He had wasted his time waiting for this spoiled crown prince, who didn’t know how to help with this project at all. 
Lou wondered, how did Princess Osana get cursed? He had tried to gather information on it, but there was not much he could get his hands on. 
More so... why did that damned alpha take his favorite red haired girl out of the palace for so long?! He took her to an orphanage, a place filled with noisy children! Ugh! 
============================= 
When Cane entered the room, Koda was having a conversation with Prince Kellan, but both of them stopped talking before acknowledging his presence in the next moment. 
"I think it is time for me to check on the children. They are very excited about my new game." Prince Kellan smiled at Koda and Cane, as a warrior pushed his wheelchair out of the room. 
Meanwhile, Koda dismissed his warriors, so he could have a private conversation with Cane. 
"It has been a long time, Cane." Koda stood up. His body was so huge. He was at least half a head taller than Cane and his face was hardened, but he smirked condescendingly when he spoke. "The last time I saw you, you were still a young boy." 
"Yes, and now I am an alpha." He asserted this fact, because he knew Koda was about to intimidate him by trying to picture him as a young boy in his mind, as if they were not equals. It was a simple trick that was commonly used. 
"Alpha Cane." Koda’s voice was a little bit stern. 
"Was it the King who sent you here?" Cane asked. "If you want to find your grandson faster, you need to actively get involved in this case."
###Chapter 300: TALK TO ME WITH RESPECT
Chapter 300: TALK TO ME WITH RESPECT
"Was it the King who sent you here?" Cane asked. "If you want to find your grandson faster, you need to actively get involved in this case." 
As usual, Cane didn’t waste any time by talking in a roundabout manner. He didn’t even let Koda get angry at him first because he had been neglecting his duty for two days, as Iris was sick. 
On the other hand, Koda narrowed his eyes, his lips pressed into a thin line. "Do you want to say I didn’t actively get involved enough?" 
"Yes." 
Koda was stunned by the bluntness that Cane showed to him. Shouldn’t he be apologetic for how he handled the situation? He should beg for his forgiveness! Not only did he ignore the King’s order of going back to the palace, but he actually had the audacity to say he didn’t contribute in this case! 
As the former beta of the Red Claw pack, his ego was so high, Koda felt he was being insulted. "Ridiculous!" He slammed his hand on the table, so hard, the water jostled out of the glass, yet Cane didn’t even flinch, he met Koda’s eyes squarely. "You are the one who had been coddling your mate and neglected your duty, you even dared to turn down the summons from the King, but it’s me who didn’t actively get involved?!" 
King Aeon was furious when Cane only said his mate was sick and he needed to be with her, as he rejected his summons, but the King couldn’t do anything, since he put all the important responsibility in this critical situation on the Alpha, not to mention the thing that they discussed behind the closed doors about the Asturi Stem and the Celestial Moon pack. 
King Aeon was infuriated with the way Cane took advantage of the situation and did things as he pleased. 
"You arrived more than a week ago, but what have you done aside from pestering the King to deploy more men? And demanding to make it more public?" Cane looked relaxed, not even once he showed fear when he faced this furious former beta. "Not even once you joined the search team, though you brought your own warriors with you." 
"That’s your job to do!" Koda roared. He didn’t like to be blamed. 
"And I have done my job." 
"By coddling your mate?" Koda scoffed derisively. He didn’t even try to show some respect toward Cane, although he had a higher rank between the two of them, as he was the Alpha. "Are you in a rush to get her pregnant?" He must have heard about the deadline the King had given to Cane. 
However, Cane was unfazed in the face of that insult, he still looked so calm when he spoke, but his words were filled with venom. "You are talking to an alpha, the King’s special emissary at that. Insulting me means you are insulting the King as well. I can have you killed right now and the King will not be able to do anything." 
"I want to see how you will do it." 
"Haven’t you heard about the golden stamp I received?" With the golden stamp, his power was only a second to the King’s himself. 
"Do you want to make the whole Red Claw pack your enemy?" Once again, Koda slammed his hand on the table and this produced a visible crack on the surface. Still, it didn’t bother Cane. The Beta stood up and showed his imposing figure. 
"Will you believe me if I say the King would be very glad to battle your pack if I gave him an excuse to do so?" 
"Nonsense!" 
"He lost control over the magic stone mines in the Howling Wolf pack and Blue Moon pack, do you think he doesn’t have his eyes on your pack?" Cane’s lips tugged upward. 
"We are the richest pack! Do you really think he can take down our pack easily?!" Koda barked. "You are a slave! You will forever be a slave! You will never understand how the power play in this realm works!" 
Koda was completely wrong about this one particular thing, because Cane knew better how the power play in this realm worked and he was only another chess piece on his board to get back at the King for what he had done to his pack. 
"Yours is the richest pack, that’s true. But, don’t you think it’s all the more enticing factor for other packs to eye Red Claw pack? More so, as long as I remember, your pack is not the strongest." 
If the King was really determined to get the Red Claw pack wrapped around his fingers, he just needed the right excuse and Cane would happily provide him with one. 
That was what Cane meant by his words and Koda understood that. This was a show of power indeed. 
"Are you trying to threaten me?!" 
"No. I am just telling you that’s what happened ten years ago." Both of them knew how greedy the royal family was. "Maybe you need to be taught as a slave to be able to listen more carefully." Cane smiled, but this was the kind of smile that didn’t reach his dark eyes at all, while Koda was trying to hold back his rage. 
After all, Koda was only a former beta, he couldn’t move the whole pack and the current Alpha of the Red Claw pack would likely sacrifice him rather than offend the royal family and have an open war with them.
"Now you can sit down and talk to me with respect, or we can go with the hardest choice." Cane waved his hand, indicating Koda to sit down again. "This discussion has strayed too far from the main problem." 
Koda fumed, he was mad, but as an older man, who had a fair share of this kind of battle, he knew it was not wise to indulge his anger. 
Though he was enraged and only a breath away from shifting into his beast and attacking the Alpha before him, he still chose the former option. 
A sinister smile tugged up the corners of Cane’s lips when he saw this and now, they could finally have a real conversation. 
Cane didn’t talk much, he simply pulled out something from his pocket and placed it on the table between them. 
It was a small and shiny , a ring. 
"What is this?" Koda frowned to see the ring, as he picked it up from the table. 
Cane then started his narration. He talked smoothly without any stumbling, as if he was feeding Koda with the truth. 
The more the former beta listened to it, the more his face turned darker. 
============================== 
In the yard, you could hear the sound of children still playing. It was not night yet and they were still full of vigor. 
But then, Cane saw something that made his blood boil. 
In the middle of the yard, he saw the lazy ass white bear, sprawled on the covered- snow ground, while the children climbed on its big body, laughing happily, yet the creature was too lazy to shake them off. 
At this point, it looked more like an overgrown puppy instead of a beast! 
But, if this dummy creature was here, he must be here too!
###Chapter 301: BEAR MEAT
Chapter 301: BEAR MEAT
The conversation lasted until evening, Cane and Koda even skipped lunch, therefore, Iris was also still in the orphanage because Cane didn’t give an instruction for her to leave alone. 
When they finally ended the conversation, the sky had already turned so dark because the sun set faster in winter. All the dark corners of the building were being illuminated by the fire from the braziers and the luminous pearls. 
However, in the yard, you could hear the sound of children still playing. It was not well into night yet and they were still full of vigor. 
Their joyfulness intrigued Cane to go closer and find out what they were laughing about, but a little child ran toward him and almost bumped into him if it were not for him stopping this little girl in time. 
"I am sorry," the little girl said. She was around the age of seven. She looked scared, terrified Cane would get angry at her. 
"It’s okay..." Cane said lightly, as he patted her head. "Why are you here?" There were no children aside from this kid around this area, though this place was safe, it would be better if she did not roam around alone. 
The little girl’s face lit up as she spoke. "There is a huuuge bear there!" She stretched her arms to show how big the creature was. "We wanted to feed it, but my friend said bears usually eat meat, so I’m going to get meat!" She said excitedly. 
"Huge bear?" Cane furrowed his brows. Wasn’t it dangerous to let a bear inside an orphanage full of children? "Where is it?" He didn’t express his agitation, but how could no one notice a huge bear in this area? 
"Here, over here!" The little girl jumped up and down, as she held Cane’s hand to lead him toward the huge bear they found. "The bear is white! As white as snow!" She chirped, excited. 
"White bear?" Cane had only ever encountered one white bear and he didn’t wish to see that lazy creature again, especially the owner of it. It was a long day, the hard conversation with Koda left him in no mood to do anything else, aside from wanting to meet with his mate. 
"Yes, yes!" The girl was running now, as Cane followed her. Her little hand was so small in his. "Over here! Over here! There!" 
She then pointed her finger at the creature. 
Only, Cane found something that made his whole body exude killing intent, as his gaze stopped on the white bear. 
In the middle of the yard, he saw the lazy ass white bear, sprawled with his muzzle facing the snow covered ground, while the children climbed on its big body, laughing happily, yet the creature was too lazy to even shake them off. 
Was it dead? 
At this point, it looked more like an overgrown puppy instead of a beast! 
But, if this dummy creature was here, he must be here too! 
Lou. The merchant, or should Cane say a sorcerer? 
He was one among the long list of people he didn’t want to meet, the sight of his pet alone was already irritating enough. He would like to kick the creature along with the owner if it was not because of the fact there were children around. 
On the other hand, the little girl beside Cane started sobbing when she felt the ominous aura radiating from the Alpha. She was scared of him and this snapped him back to press down his dissatisfaction. 
"The bear doesn’t eat meat," Cane said, as he ruffled her hair, so she would stop tearing up. This time, he looked at her warmly. "The bear is hibernating now, that’s why it’s sleeping." 
The girl blinked her eyes. "What is hibernating?" 
Cane smiled softly. "Where is your big sister?" 
Big sister was how these children called the women that took care of them while they were in the orphanage and after Cane talked to one of them and made sure the children wouldn’t climb on top of the bear again, as he didn’t know how the bear would react, he left them to find his mate. 
It was not hard to find Iris, since he could easily pick up her scent, though the traces of it were very faint in this cold weather. 
Cane soon found Iris talking to Lou, while Hanna stood by her side. The maid looked dissatisfied, as she glared daggers at the merchant. 
However, it was Iris, who ran toward Cane first when she saw him walking closer. She literally ran toward him, but the thing that made Cane frown was the sight of a bucket of yellow flowers in her hands. 
"Cane!" Iris called his name, as she stopped in front of him, yet the Alpha was busy staring at the merchant, who was waving his hand innocently before approaching them, while Hanna immediately retreated seeing that the Alpha was already here.
Even so, Hanna still hung around to hear how their conversation went. 
"Alpha Cane, long time no see," Lou said cheerfully, he grinned at him harmlessly. "I have been looking for you, but you have not returned to the palace in days, so I decided to come here once I heard you are in this orphanage with Prince Kellan." Lou then added with a trace of mocking tone. "You are so busy, aren’t you?" 
But, Cane ignored his jab and looked down at the bucket of yellow flowers in Iris’ hand. He snatched it from Iris’ hand. "Who gave this to you?" 
"Sir Lou gave it to me," Iris replied, as she stood close to Cane, which highlighted their significant height difference. The tip of her head didn’t even reach his chin. 
Hearing that, Cane handed the poor yellow flowers back to its owner callously. 
Lou had a hard time making Iris accept the flowers, but now they were handed back to him. "These are rare flowers and I..." But, before he could speak more, Cane had beat him to it. 
"She is allergic," Cane said simply. He found another variation of excuse aside from ’she is sick’. 
Not too far from them, Hanna covered her mouth, so she wouldn’t make any noise when she couldn’t help laughing after hearing such a petty excuse. She didn’t remember her missy having an allergy to any flowers. 
"What is it? Why are you hiding here?" Ethan and Trion came over when they saw Hanna hiding in the bushes. 
"Get down!" Hanna said sternly, as she put her finger in front of her lips, indicating for them to keep quiet. 
Docilely, the two of them squatted down on her left and right before following Hanna’s line of sight and watched the entire turn of events. At the same time, Hanna gave them a little bit of rundown of what had happened. 
There, they watched how Cane turned Lou speechless, as he held the flowers, not long after, the two of them walked away after the Alpha told the merchant to wait in one of the rooms if he wanted to have any discussion about the magical devices. 
However, just like its owner, the pet also seemed to love annoying Cane, as the lazy white bear waddled toward Iris happily when they were about to leave. 
"Heavens, the Alpha would love to have bear meat for dinner at this rate," Trion stated when he saw how dark Cane’s expression turned.
###Chapter 302: TIME LIMIT FOR DISCUSSION
Chapter 302: TIME LIMIT FOR DISCUSSION
"You can wait in one of the rooms, while I take her back to our bedroom," Cane said lightly, as he put his arm around Iris’ waist. 
"Why can’t she participate in our conversation? She is the Luna of the pack, right? She must know about her pack too," Lou protested. He didn’t take all the pain to come here, while dragging along that lazy ass white bear to amuse Iris, just to have one on one conversation with Cane again. 
That was the most horrible conversation and deal that he had ever had. He didn’t wish to talk with Cane at all! He was no fun! 
"She is sick. She still hasn’t recovered." There, Cane made use of the classic excuse from him for his mate yet again. He would have liked for Iris to join the conversation too only if it was not with Lou, since he disliked the way this man looked at his mate. He had not yet forgotten how the merchant brazenly asked for some time alone with Iris either. 
"She has recovered well, I don’t see how you can say she is still sick," Lou complained like a child, as he crossed his arms in front of his chest. 
However, for his utter disbelief, Iris coughed lightly, as she snuggled closer toward her mate and this made the anger in Cane’s eyes subside a little bit. 
Lou’s jaw dropped when he heard that very artificial cough, Iris didn’t even try harder to make it more convincing. She was so wicked! 
"I will bring my mate back to rest," Cane said politely, as he turned around with Iris close to him, while Lou fumed, completely annoyed. 
And yet, as if helping its master and showing its usefulness, Lil Thing came in time to annoy Cane back, to make it even for its master. 
Lil Thing charged forward with its tongue stuck out, acting cute when it stopped in front of Iris, while the children chased after the creature. 
"Take your pet away, it can harm the children." Cane glanced at Lou, as he spoke sternly. 
"Oh, come on, Alpha, you don’t really think this fluffy bear will harm them, right? Lil Thing loves children, it will not harm even a fly," Lou responded dramatically, while the bear nuzzled Iris’ hand, asking to be petted. "I think Lil Thing likes Iris. It knows beautiful things." 
What Lou said was meant to flatter Iris, but because she had her back to him, she wouldn’t know what he was talking about, while the merchant completely forgot about that little detail. 
However, he managed to irritate the Alpha further. 
Cane took out something from his pocket and watched how this creature tilted its head, interested in what he would take out and immediately acted cute with Cane when it saw the Alpha had taken out a magic stone from his pocket. 
Cane carried a stone with him in case he needed to give this to Haco, since he didn’t want to give the sorcerer too many of them at once. 
A moment later, Cane threw the magic stone as far as he could and Lil Thing started speeding up toward the stone, while the children happily followed it, chirping happily. 
Once again, Lou was flabbergasted. "Stupid Lil Thing," he grumbled in dissatisfaction. His pet betrayed him! He thought the creature came to his aid. 
And now, the only thing he could do was watch Cane and Iris’ backs, as they walked away from him. He was pissed! 
On their way to their bedroom, Iris tried to explain what happened with Lou earlier. 
"... I did not intentionally meet with him," Iris said at the end of her explanation, as she observed Cane’s expression, anxious if he would get the wrong idea. Cane had told her she was not allowed to be close to Lou, but it was not her fault, because she was having an evening walk with Hanna when Lou suddenly appeared with Lil Thing. 
Iris had tried to avoid him, but he insisted on talking with her. He was also very persistent about giving her flowers, which she only accepted because she wanted him to stop pestering her. 
On the other hand, Cane listened to her in silence, which made Iris feel even more nervous and at the end of her explanation, he just replied with one word. 
"Okay." 
That was it. Iris should have known, he wouldn’t say anything much. 
"Stay inside, I will ask someone to call Hanna over," Cane said, as he opened the door to their bedroom, holding it until Iris entered the room. 
"Are you angry with me?" Iris suddenly blurted out. She really wanted to know what was in his mind. Why was he so calm? 
"No." Cane shook his head and caressed her cheek. "Let’s have dinner together. I will be quick." Cane didn’t wish to spend another second with Lou, thus he would like to end whatever conversation he would have with the merchant quickly. 
Only then could Iris smile, she felt so giddy, as if there were a bunch of butterflies fluttering inside her stomach, as she tiptoed and kissed his cheek. "Okay." 
This time, it was Iris, who closed the door. She was too embarrassed with her impulsive act earlier, but she didn’t regret it, though she wondered what kind of expression Cane had right now, because she was too nervous to even glance at him. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t show any change in his expression, as he was deep in thought and stayed behind the closed door for a little bit longer, before he turned around and walked away. 
================================ 
"He really loves to test my patience!" Lou grumbled, as he waited for almost an hour, as he paced back and forth in front of the fireplace, while Sabian kept quiet. 
The poor servant didn’t know what to say to his master when he was being like this and especially when he was this pissed off, any words that came out of his lips would only be wrong and incur his wrath. 
"He said, he would just walk his mate back to their bedroom, why is it taking him forever?! Gaahhh!" Lou was frustrated. 
But then, when the door was opened and Cane finally graced him with his presence, the angry expression on Lou’s face disappeared in a matter of seconds, as he greeted the Alpha with the brightest smile on his lips. 
"Alpha Cane! Finally you are here, I am so worried something happened to you because you took so long," Lou said smoothly, there was no trace of embarrassment at all, as if he meant what he said. 
On the other hand, Sabian could only sigh helplessly, he knew his master’s antics very well. 
"Come, sit, sit... so we can have a comfortable discussion." Lou acted as if he owned this place, yet instead of sitting on the sofa, Cane simply leaned his back against the wall. 
"I can’t stay for long, I have promised my mate to have dinner together, so we better start the discussion already. What do you want to talk about regarding magical devices?"
It felt so familiar, as Cane had done this before. He made sure there was a time limit for their every conversation. 
If you have promised to have dinner with your mate, you should have come earlier! Lou felt like his head would explode at any given moment.
###Chapter 303: A VALUABLE PIECE
Chapter 303: A VALUABLE PIECE
A smile curved Lou’s lips, but there was this fire in his eyes when he stared at Cane, as the Alpha sat down on the sofa and waved his hand, indicating for him to sit down as well. 
This orphanage was not the merchant’s place and he was only a guest here, but the way Cane treated him was too outrageous! He just came to visit and gave Iris a bucket of flowers, why did he look so hostile?! 
Lou really wanted to curse this alpha! 
But in the end, he kept his smile and sat down docilely, or that was how he wanted to appear in front of the Alpha, so Cane wouldn’t put up his guard too high with him. Too bad for him, since his intention was very clear that he wanted to get close to his mate, there was no way Cane would put his guard down. 
"What do you want to talk about?" Cane cut straight to the point as always, he didn’t even bother to offer the merchant a drink or even dinner together out of politeness. "I think it will be months before we will discuss installing the magical devices." 
Lou was still working on the magical devices for the capital city and there was no set date when he would go to the Blue Moon pack and the Howling Wolf pack, thus this discussion was not necessary. 
However, aside from this excuse, Lou couldn’t think of another good one. 
"I only want to discuss business with you, it’s necessary to keep contact with people in business. After all, we have not yet met for long." Lou looked like a harmless man when he smiled at Cane, but of course, the Alpha didn’t buy it. "I want to leave a good impression on the citizens." 
"Building magical devices in the capital city around this time will leave a good impression on people about you." Especially after two monster attacks, no one would think bad about him. 
"Yes, that’s right, that’s right." Lou nodded his head. His smile was exceptionally beautiful, but this irked Cane. "But, as a businessman, I need more. Capital city is the place where many great people gather around. Those people have so much influence, even outside of the continent." Lou leaned over, looking excited to lay his plan. "Since we are already doing business and have become close acquaintances..." 
"No, we are not." 
Lou was speechless. He wanted to growl at the Alpha. It was only a figure of speech. He didn’t think they were close either! 
Lou cleared his throat and shamelessly continued speaking, as if he didn’t hear what Cane said. "I want to help with the orphanage too. I am sure I can be a great help!" 
Hearing that, Cane could already guess what was in his mind. Somehow, this merchant must have read their movement that Iris would help with the orphanage, this was a way for them to warm up to the people and with the help of Prince Kellan, it would be the easiest and safest way to calm down the public after the appearance of the lycan and also the rumor about Prince Vemion’s kidnapping. 
There was something wrong with this merchant. He was too persistent about getting close to his mate. It almost felt like he was infatuated with her, though they only met a handful of times. What did he want from Iris? 
Cane stood up after Lou stated his intention for coming to the orphanage. "I should decline." 
"Why?" Lou stood up as well. He had not yet explained to Cane what kind of help he was going to provide to this place, but he already refused him? "Come and sit down, I have not yet told you what my plans for the orphanage are." 
Lou made the same gesture as Cane did when he told him to sit down. 
However, it was so bad for him, the trick didn’t work on the Alpha, as he walked toward the door instead, speaking casually. 
"This orphanage doesn’t belong to me, it belongs to Prince Kellan. I am not the right person to talk to." 
Lou was seething. He had never been so pissed at someone this badly! If anything, it would always be him who messed with someone else. 
However, his expression immediately changed when Cane abruptly stopped and turned around to look at the merchant before he reached the handle of the door. 
"But, I can help you if you want to expand your business to the Andelus continent." 
Lou blinked his eyes. He forgot his anger as it was soon replaced by confusion. "How?" He had wanted to step into the Andelus Continent, but it was not an easy feat, especially with his bad status as a merchant and the fact he was a sorcerer who wanted to hide that side of his identity. 
It was complicated, but he was willing to listen if there was a way for him to expand his business to the Andelus Continent without implicating himself. 
On the other hand, Cane smiled, it was a rare smile, but one that could make you feel a chill run down your spine. 
Since this merchant kept insisting on appearing time and time again and pestering his mate, it wouldn’t hurt to add him to his chess board, after all, he was a valuable piece. 
============================ 
The conversation between him and Lou didn’t last for long, but it managed to leave the merchant even more speechless with the idea that Cane suggested. It blew his mind, but the fact he considered it, left him even more dumbfounded, as the risk that came with it was so great. 
In the end, he could only say; I will think about it and I will get back to you soon. 
With that, Cane left him alone inside the room, he couldn’t care less whether he would go back to the palace or stay in the orphanage. 
Cane then walked toward his bedroom and found Iris perusing her book. She had her back to the door, thus she didn’t notice him, since she was so immersed in what she was reading at the moment. 
Cane leaned over and pointed to a certain paragraph in the book. "We no longer have the crystal orchids." 
Iris screeched when suddenly someone extended his hand past her shoulder, she was surprised to see Cane behind her. Why didn’t she realize he had been standing behind her? 
"Cane? You surprised me." 
However, Cane simply repeated what he said. "The Howling Wolf pack no longer has the crystal orchid." 
From the looks of it, Iris seemed to change the topic of what she was reading. Right now, she started to read about the natural resources of every pack, and at this moment she was reading about the Howling Wolf pack. 
"But why?" 
Cane looked at her for a while. "Because the flower was rare to begin with and when the Blue Moon pack attacked my pack, they destroyed the last one." 
Iris shifted her gaze uncomfortably when she was reminded of that, but for Cane, he only stated a fact, since she was asking about it. He didn’t intentionally cause her discomfort. 
"Let’s have dinner." Cane ruffled her hair.
###Chapter 304: IN MY DREAM
Chapter 304: IN MY DREAM
Apparently, what Cane said to Lou seemed to have left the merchant with a lot to think about. He immediately went back to the palace to think over the matter thoroughly. He didn’t join them for dinner. 
It was not like his presence was expected either, thus no one asked why he was not there. 
As such, the dinner proceeded in the dining room just like the last time, with no change in their sitting positions whatsoever, as Cane sat on Prince Kellan’s right side while Iris settled beside him. 
From the corner of his eye, he could see how uncomfortable Iris was to be close to the Prince. She looked like she was going to flee at any moment, yet Cane did nothing. His eyes flickered with a complicated look. 
He had been trying to figure out what was wrong with Iris, at the same time digging deeper into Prince Kellan, yet he found nothing suspicious aside from the incident ten years ago when he was dethroned as the Crown Prince. Aside from that, his image had always been impeccable. 
"I am so glad to see you have recovered well!" Prince Kellan said cheerfully, he was smiling at Iris and she was left with no other choice, but to look back at him, since it was not polite to ignore the Prince. "How are you feeling now?" 
"Thank you, Prince Kellan, for your concern, I am feeling better now," Iris said softly, as she held Cane’s hand tightly, as if she was holding onto her dear life. 
"I am glad. Alpha Cane was very worried about you." Prince Kellan slid a huge chunk of meat onto her plate, which was supposed to be an honor to Iris, but she felt sick just at the sight of the meat. "Here, eat more. You need to gain your energy back." 
"Thank you, Prince Kellan." 
"I should apologize to you, after all, I forgot that you are allergic to strawberries," Prince Kellan said and then he laughed merrily to see the confused look on Iris’ expression. "I have told you before, we were rather close when you were little, unfortunately, you don’t remember it." 
Cane glanced at his mate, who just lowered her head and said nothing. 
Iris ended up nibbling the meat, but after a few bites, she felt sick to her stomach and whispered to Cane that she needed to go to the bathroom. 
"Ask Redmond to go with you," Cane said. 
Redmond just arrived this evening to give him a report and also because he wanted to see Iris. The warrior even made a fuss saying he was being separated from his master and made to work under Cane’s order. He was pissed to run errands for the Alpha, though he did his job well. 
Currently, he was stuffing his mouth, while arguing with Ethan at the table in the corner. He wouldn’t even notice if Iris went out of the room at this point. 
"Okay," Iris replied and excused herself. 
Thankfully, Redmond saw her stand up, as her red hair caught his attention. He followed Iris out of the dining room, cursing at the Gamma for whatever argumentation they had. 
Meanwhile, the poor little children around their table had moved far away from them, afraid of the two men. 
Outside the dining room, Iris couldn’t hold it back any longer, as she vomited under the tree and Redmond immediately came to approach her. 
"What happened to you? I heard you were sick, didn’t the healer tell you whether or not you are pregnant?" Redmond massaged her back, he kept nagging at her, though she couldn’t read what he was saying. "You can’t be so reckless with your health, you know."
One of the reasons why he insisted on coming here was because he needed to talk to Cane, since he didn’t get any chance to talk with him about Iris until then. 
"How can you be so sick like this?" 
Yet, Iris kept vomiting everything she had eaten. The last thing she needed was being nagged at, thankfully, she didn’t have any idea what Redmond was talking about. 
"The healer that treated you must be a quack! How can you still be sick?" Redmond clicked his tongue in annoyance, but he didn’t leave her alone there and kept massaging her back. 
"Get a wet towel and a glass of warm water." 
Redmond whipped his head around when he heard the voice and realized someone was coming closer toward them. It was Cane. He left the dining room to check on his mate, because he could see how pale she was. 
From the looks of it, he couldn’t continue with this method. Iris would be really sick before he could find any clue. 
"Move!" Cane snapped at Redmond, who didn’t budge from his position. 
Being left with no other option, the warrior left to get the things the Alpha ordered him to, while Iris was even more mortified to see Cane was there. 
It would be the second time he saw her in this condition and she didn’t want him here. Yet, she couldn’t stop herself, as she emptied her stomach. Her head was throbbing painfully. 
On the other hand, Redmond returned as fast as he could and Cane grabbed the towel first, as he cleaned Iris’ mouth and then handed her the water to rinse her mouth. 
When he was sure Iris had stopped retching, he carried her in his arms after he gave the towel and glass to Redmond. "Bring a bowl of congee." 
Redmond blinked his eyes when he heard the order, but after Cane had taken Iris away, he grumbled to himself. "I am not a servant, okay?!" 
Still, he did what Cane told him to do. 
That night, Iris didn’t come down with a fever, but she had a nightmare and would wake up every now and then, only to find Cane holding her closely. He didn’t sleep and the room was so bright, since he knew how afraid she was of the dark. 
But before the sunrise, when Iris woke up again from her nightmare, Cane tried to talk with her. 
"What have you been dreaming of?" Cane held her so close, as he ran his fingers through her hair. His expression didn’t betray his emotions. 
He could see how uncomfortable Iris felt around Prince Kellan, but in the last two meetings, her reaction was very intense, though he couldn’t say the same about the first one, since her allergy flared up. 
"You kept saying; don’t tell anyone." 
Iris’ body stiffened in Cane’s arms when he mentioned that and he knew immediately something had gone wrong between Iris and Prince Kellan. 
He could see how she was having a hard time breathing properly, thus he didn’t press the matter, but he wouldn’t let it go either, Cane would wait for her to tell him on her own. 
It took a little bit longer for Iris to find her voice. "I... I dreamed of Prince Kellan, he used to spend time with me when I was little. I remembered how happy I was when there was finally someone to play with me... but, when I woke up, I felt this dreadful feeling." Her next words came out as a whisper. "I am afraid of him..." 
"Why?" 
Iris shook her head, tears welled up in her eyes. "I stood... In my dream, I stood naked."
###Chapter 305: IRIS AND KELLAN
Chapter 305: IRIS AND KELLAN
Cane expected the worst, but what he heard was even more horrendous. His eyes narrowed into slits, as he stared into Iris’ eyes dangerously. He put his finger under her chin and lifted her head so their eyes could meet. "What do you mean?" 
In Cane’s mind, Iris endured harassment, but physically, not sexually. He knew she was a virgin, because he was the one who had deflowered her and there was no doubt about that, but what did she mean by what she just said? 
Seeing the anger in Cane’s eyes, Iris was terrified, she back tracked. "It’s... it’s just a dream... it did not really happen. I’m used to dreaming about random things, I even dream of an empty hall with five swords often. It’s just a dream." 
Cane didn’t budge, as he persisted with his question. "Why did you keep saying; don’t tell anyone. What is the thing you are not allowed to tell anyone? Why were you naked?"
"I... it’s..." Iris stumbled with her words. "There was a young man standing in front of me... I was naked and he said... I can’t tell anyone..." Iris clutched onto Cane’s shirt without her knowing it, as if she was afraid the Alpha would lash out at her, as she could see how enraged he was. 
"You were naked in front of a man?" Cane narrowed his eyes, which made her shudder in fear. 
"I was... I was little... in my dream, I was a kid." As if by explaining that could make things any better, instead, Cane even looked darker. 
"You were naked in front of a man when you were a child and he told you to not tell anyone?" Cane summarized this grimly. This was the most disgusting thing he had ever heard. 
Outside, through the window, they could see the sun finally appear in the horizon, casting away the darkness of the night. It would be a warm day, since it had stopped snowing, but inside the room, a storm was brewing. 
"I am sorry... I am sorry..." Iris didn’t know what to say and she was not sure why she was apologizing, it was simply her first instinct to ask for forgiveness when things went wrong. She felt it was her mistake and she was the one who should be blamed, for whatever reason it might be. 
Iris used to ask for forgiveness whenever Mason got angry at her and started to beat her up and for some reason, even though it didn’t have any correlation with what was happening with Cane right now, that was her first reaction to save the situation and appease the anger she saw in Cane’s eyes. 
"It’s just a dream... I am sorry..." Iris didn’t even understand what she was saying, she only said whatever came to her mind, as she was so scared to see how Cane got away from her. 
Cane wouldn’t think much about this if it was a random dream, but from the looks of their situation right now, it was not as simple as that. 
It almost felt like pieces of her memories tried to resurface because she was provoked. 
Actually, this was Cane’s plan to try to figure out what had gone wrong between Iris and Prince Kellan, but he didn’t expect this. He was not prepared for this, the image of what had happened alone disgusted him. 
He should be glad his plan worked and Iris finally remembered. 
However, he didn’t think he wanted her to remember all the details of what happened to her anymore. There must be a reason why she unconsciously forgot that memory. 
"Sleep again," Cane said through his gritted teeth, as he kissed her head briefly and got off the bed, he needed to be away from her for a while. He was in turmoil and he knew how scary he could be whenever he couldn’t keep his calm. 
The wind was still so cold in this early winter morning, but it was not enough to faze Cane’s step when he approached Trion in the horse stable. He had sent two guards to stand in front of his bedroom. 
"Prepare the carriage, we will return to the palace," Cane said to Trion. 
The warrior was a little bit confused when he heard the order because Cane had been dodging the King’s order to return to the palace using the reason Iris suddenly fell sick and he was needed in the city to calm down the people. 
What brought this sudden change? 
"Yes, Alpha." Despite his confusion, Trion didn’t dare to voice any of it out. 
"Where is Redmond and Hanna?" 
This was even more confusing because it was not everyday the Alpha would come looking for Hanna, unless he wanted to send the maid to his mate, especially Redmond. 
"Hanna is helping in the kitchen and Redmond... he is still sleeping." Trion grimaced. The warrior was in a bad mood last night and drank himself to sleep. 
Cane said nothing and walked away toward the small barracks that were being used by the warriors and guards to sleep. It was easy to find him, since his scent was of one that annoyed Cane. 
The barracks were almost empty, but the other guards, who were still inside, immediately walked out after they greeted him politely. 
Once it was only Cane and the sleeping Redmond inside, the Alpha was not polite when he woke him up. Cane raised his leg and kicked the makeshift bed, which made Redmond fall to the ground with a loud thump sound, as his body rolled to the other side of the barracks. 
He squeaked angrily and was about to lash out, yet he clamped his mouth shut when he saw the enraged alpha. 
His dominant aura was so strong, he couldn’t even utter a single word, as he tried to process what was going on. 
"What is it?" Redmond was still on the ground, palming his throbbing head, as the Alpha towered over him. He could feel his killing intention. 
Probably that was what those guards felt once the Alpha stepped into the barracks, as they immediately rushed out. 
"What did I do wrong now?" Redmond couldn’t bring himself to look Cane in the eyes and this annoyed him, but his fear toward the Alpha was way greater right now that he kept his head down. 
He was not sure since when he dreaded this man. Didn’t he use to see him being enslaved by Alpha Gerald and Mason? He used to watch the torment from afar, but right now, he wondered how they could tame him back then. With a terrifying aura like this, he could scare Mason shitless in seconds. 
"Tell me everything about Prince Kellan," Cane finally spoke. 
He had looked for this matter in the wrong place. He asked his men to dig deeper into Prince Kellan, but he should have asked the people around Iris first, as they were around her at the time they were still in the Blue Moon pack. 
"What do you mean? You have asked Leros to look for any information on that prince, right?" Redmond misunderstood the question. He thought it was about information in the present, not in the past. 
"Tell me everything about Kellan and Iris when she was little."
###Chapter 306: NOT TO TELL ANYONE
Chapter 306: NOT TO TELL ANYONE
"What?" Redmond tilted his head in confusion. He looked at the Alpha, as if the latter was talking in a foreign language. "What do you want to know?" 
Cane didn’t respond to that rhetorical question, but the way he looked at Redmond made the warrior talk without posing any other unnecessary questions. 
"I am not always around the pack house, okay? So, I don’t know much about it. More so, you would only be able to see her once in a blue moon, since she spent her whole life inside her bedroom. She was a sickly child." Redmond shrugged his shoulders. "Even now, she still gets sick so easily." 
This was not the answer Cane was looking for. "Think harder." 
Redmond was slightly taken aback seeing how Cane acted right now. He even forgot to stand up, as he still sat down on the ground, looking like a slave in front of his master. 
"I didn’t know much about anything around the pack house, since I didn’t usually stay there, I spent most of my time in the training ground and in the mines." 
At that time, Redmond didn’t directly torture Cane and his people, but he didn’t stop his men when they ’bullied’ them either and only watched from the side. Well, at times he had bedded some women from Cane’s pack forcibly. 
However, the look on Cane’s expression made Redmond try to think harder, as he cursed under his breath. He just woke up and the way he was woken up was not really nice, his mind was not fully working yet. 
"I saw them play once, but that’s it. I don’t remember anything else." Redmond furrowed his brows deeply, as he shook his head. He couldn’t force himself to remember something he didn’t know. 
"What did you see?" 
The crease between his brows deepened, as he clicked his tongue. "It was a normal game, it was a chase and catch game." 
"What did they do?" 
Redmond rolled his eyes. "I know you were born as the son of the Alpha, but don’t tell me you don’t actually know this game." 
Cane really didn’t have time for his blabber, if this was any other day, he would have let it slide and simply ignored his inappropriate jab per usual, but at this moment, when he was only a breath away from losing his sanity, the warrior should watch his words carefully. 
"Should I explain how to play the..." 
Before Redmond could finish his words in his mocking tone, Cane had grabbed his neck and the former could hear a soft crack, which made his eyes bulge because of the sharp pain. 
The Alpha didn’t really break his neck, but he was going to do that and Redmond could see it in Cane’s eyes. The killing intent was so strong. 
"They... played chase and catch game... it was Prince Kellan, who chased after her and when he caught her, he would hug her and kiss her cheek before he let her go again to run. That’s it, just that." 
In Redmond’s eyes, there was nothing wrong with that, especially when Prince Kellan liked children and he was always very close to them. This orphanage was the proof of his kindness and his compassion toward those unfortunate little ones. 
However, what Redmond said rubbed Cane in the wrong way. He didn’t want to point his finger, because he was disgusted by the possibility. Perhaps, he was in denial right now because of how messed up this thing could be if it was true, but his logic put pieces of what happened together. 
"I swear! I only know that!" Redmond had never felt this kind of fear before. He wondered how he could be so brave to talk trash to Cane before this, because right now, he was so terrifying. 
Redmond was not a coward, nor was he a scaredy cat, he was a battle hardened warrior, who had seen his fair share of fear and death, but there was something very ominous emanating from the Alpha, which would make you dread for your life, as if by looking into his eyes, you could see your painful death come closer to you. 
Fortunately, not long after that, Cane let him go and walked away. It took more than ten minutes for Redmond to recover his wits, before he cursed under his breath, as his cracked bone started to heal. 
"Shit. I thought I was going to die..." 
He even forgot to tell Cane about his theory of Iris’ pregnancy. What happened to him? Did he actually get jealous of Prince Kellan? 
============================= 
"Leave." 
The Alpha’s voice was so cold, which made the four women, who were giggling a second ago, immediately freeze. They turned around, startled, only to see Cane standing inside this humble kitchen. 
He actually didn’t have the patience to wait for someone to call Hanna over, thus, he came looking for her here by himself. 
The four women were too surprised and afraid of the scary aura exuded by the Alpha. They knew Cane didn’t usually talk much, but he had never treated them poorly. What was actually happening until it caused him to look so angry right now? 
"No, you stay." Cane stopped Hanna from leaving. 
Hanna glanced at the other three women, who gave her a helpless look. There was nothing they could do since the Alpha told them to leave. 
On the other hand, Hanna tried to think about what kind of offense she had committed. The most recent thing was the dress with complicated strings that she prepared for her missy, but aside from that, she didn’t do anything that could incur the Alpha’s wrath. Was her mistake with the dress too severe? 
"Al... alpha... have I done something... wrong?" Hanna looked so scared, she didn’t even dare to raise her head to look at the Alpha, as she stared at her own feet. She had never seen Alpha Cane showing such intense emotions. Usually, he was an expert at hiding whatever feelings he had, no matter what the situation. 
"Since when did Kellan start playing with Iris?" Cane asked after he closed the door behind him and made sure no one was nearby to listen in on this conversation. He didn’t beat around the bush, as his question was very straightforward. 
The question caught Hanna completely off guard, because she didn’t expect this. 
"Talk!" 
Hanna flinched, her legs were about to give up, as she trembled in fear. Cane actually used his alpha voice on her. 
"I am... I am not sure..." Hanna stammered. "The fir- the first time I found out they were playing together was when Miss Iris was around eight years old... but, Miss Iris said they used to play often whenever Prince Kellan visited the Blue Moon pack even before that. Mi- Miss Iris said Prince Kellan would go to her bedroom when I was not around." 
Cane walked across the kitchen. This place was not too big, but was well equipped with the things that they needed to make food with. The Alpha grabbed a glass and when he spoke again, his voice was icy cold. 
"How come you didn’t know about it until then?" Cane poured himself a glass of water. 
"Because Miss Iris said Prince Kellan told her not to tell anyone."
###Chapter 307: PLEASE, DON’T HURT HER
Chapter 307: PLEASE, DON’T HURT HER
Cane closed his eyes and gulped the water, but when the glass was empty, he lowered his hand and smashed it against the table, as it shattered into sharp shards, cutting his cheek and his skin, until his hand bled from the glass being actually crushed under his tight grip. 
"Ah!" Hanna shrieked, she looked mortified to see the Alpha. She looked at his back, trembling. Even his back alone looked so scary, she couldn’t imagine his expression right now. "Al- alpha... Miss Iris was just a little kid then... she didn’t know any better... I am sure there was nothing between them. They were just friends back then. Miss Iris was happy because no one played with her... Please, Alpha... think clearly. She was only a poor little child who wanted a friend..." 
Hanna blabbered, the way she assumed the situation to be was the same as how Redmond was thinking about what was going on upon facing the Alpha’s questions and reaction. 
They assumed the Alpha thought Iris and Prince Kellan had a special connection, that they had a relationship behind his back, back in the day when she was little. If worse came to the worst, they assumed Cane thought Kellan was Iris’ first love or something. 
They didn’t know. They really didn’t know... 
After all, being someone who was so ignorant of the little horrifying details of what they knew, the way Cane acted right now justified their assumption. 
More so, they couldn’t think straight with an enraged alpha within close proximity. His anger was so suffocating. 
On the other hand, Cane simply waved his hand to shake off the sharp shards that embedded into his palm, before he pulled them out of his flesh, so he could stop bleeding, yet he didn’t even flinch when he did that. He was numb with pain. 
The only thing that rang in his ears was Hanna’s voice, which said Iris couldn’t tell anyone because Prince Kellan told her not to. The same words that she repeated in her dreams with her small voice filled with fear. 
A long moment of dreadful silence filled this kitchen and Hanna covered her mouth to muffle her cries, she was so scared. 
"Why did Iris forget about that?" Cane asked. If she was happy, why did she forget about that? 
Hanna shook her head. "I don’t know, Alpha..." she said, her voice stifled with sobs. She was scared of him, but at the same time, she feared for her missy’s safety. What would the Alpha do to her if he was this angry? "One day Miss Iris hid under her bed and refused to come out and then she came down with a fever for almost three weeks straight... I think, I think at that time she forgot a few things that had happened..." 
Hanna tried to explain to Cane why she thought Iris lost some of her memories, including the time that she spent with Prince Kellan and a few times of abuse Mason inflicted on her. 
"She even forgot about the stable boy..." Hanna blinked her eyes and then remembered something. "Ah. The day she hid under the bed was the day the stable boy was killed before her eyes by Alpha Gerald. She must be very shocked because of that." 
"She remembered the stable boy." Cane knew about this, because Iris had mentioned it in passing in the past. 
"Yes, she remembered the stable boy around two months later, but she couldn’t remember the details of how the poor boy had been killed by her father." 
No one knew what happened that day, even Hanna couldn’t get to the bottom of it, aside from the fact the poor boy was killed by Alpha Gerald and his body was not in a good condition when they buried him. 
"Alpha, please... miss Iris will never harbor any feelings toward Prince Kellan. She is very devoted to you... she will never do something to betray you." 
Cane heeded nothing of it, as his mind raced, while trying to control his anger. He had never felt so enraged like this after he was freed from the clutches of Gerald, when he didn’t need to see his people suffer, but right now, he was literally shaking. 
There was this urge inside of him that longed for blood. 
"Alpha Cane... please..." Hanna was afraid Cane would hurt Iris, seeing how angry he was, it was a possibility. 
Hanna didn’t know what happened, until it caused the Alpha to be in such an extremely bad mood, but whatever it was, it was not a good sign. She couldn’t understand why he was asking about Prince Kellan, when it was Lou, who clearly had been pestering her Missy. In contrast, the Alpha took it well and didn’t seem to be bothered by it at all. 
"No one will know about this conversation." 
And after saying that, Cane walked away from that kitchen, leaving Hanna to still reel in her emotions, before finally she snapped out of it and rushed toward Iris’ bedroom. She was afraid of what the Alpha would do to her. 
However, when she reached it, the room was empty, but she could hear a soft whimper from under the bed. 
"Miss Iris?" Hanna squatted down next to the bed and lifted the blanket that dangled on the side of it. There, she found Iris curling her body. She hugged herself, while sobbing softly. "Miss Iris what happened?" 
Hanna felt her heart ache to see her like this, because the last time she saw her this scared was when Mason whipped her so hard. She had almost died that night if it had not been for Alpha Gerald, who stopped his son in time. 
"Miss? Come out for a while, will you?" 
============================== 
It was still afternoon, but the sky out there was so bleak. 
Trion had prepared the carriage just as Cane had instructed him, though he didn’t have any idea why they had to return to the palace all of a sudden because this was not the plan. 
"Where are they?" Trion asked Ethan, who just returned from Iris’ bedroom, to inform her they were ready to go, but he met with Hanna, who told him they couldn’t leave now. 
Ethan didn’t know what happened, but he heard a soft sobbing sound from inside. 
"Where is the Alpha?" Ethan asked, his expression looked distraught. 
"I don’t know. From what I heard from the guards around, the Alpha shifted into his beast and ran into the woods." 
"He shifted into his beast?" 
As a shifter, they would shift into their beast form to connect to their inner self more. There was nothing weird about that, but Ethan felt there was more to it. 
"What happened to him?" 
Trion shook his head. "I don’t know. He looked so angry." 
But, right at that time, before they could continue the conversation, Ethan caught sight of Cane. He walked toward him and glanced at the carriage, realizing his mate was not there yet. 
"Where is Iris?" His voice was so stoic and his expression looked so dark. 
"She is still in her room and I think there is something wrong there," Ethan reported it to Cane, as he followed behind him. 
Cane walked at a quick pace toward the bedroom. His jaw clenched tightly. He looked like he was going to a battle instead.
###Chapter 308: RETURN THE FAVOR
Chapter 308: RETURN THE FAVOR
Once Cane arrived inside the room, he saw how Hanna was squatting down beside the bed, trying to talk to Iris, who was hiding under the bed. 
"Get out."
Hanna was startled, she immediately straightened herself, ready to plead with the Alpha. In her mind, she was sure Cane would punish her missy for whatever thing that transpired between the two of them. 
She still couldn’t figure out how the situation had escalated so fast and took such a horrible turn. Less than two days earlier, the Alpha had still been so attentive toward his mate. He even stayed up all night to make sure Iris was alright because her allergy flared up, but why did he look like he was going to kill someone? 
"Please, Alpha... don’t hurt her..." Hanna begged Cane, she clasped her hands in front of her chest, begging him sincerely, while Ethan, who was standing beside Cane looked confused with the whole situation. 
He didn’t have any idea what was actually happening here and why Hanna was crying, begging the Alpha for forgiveness. 
"Take her away!" Cane said sternly. 
Being left with no other choice, Ethan stepped forward and took Hanna out of the room, while she struggled in his grip, trying to talk to Cane, but the Alpha didn’t even spare her a glance before Ethan dragged her out. 
Once the door was closed, he still could hear how Hanna fought with Ethan, trying to get her way back into the bedroom, but the Gamma was bound to oblige an order from the Alpha and couldn’t let her in. 
Cane tuned out the noises from outside easily, and immediately he could hear how Iris sobbed softly under the bed. He knelt down and saw her in a curling position, she hugged herself, while crying. 
Carefully, Cane pushed away the bed, making sure it wouldn’t hurt his mate in the process and when he could finally reach out to his mate, he pulled her into his arms, but she struggled, trying to fight him, but he didn’t let her go. 
Her eyes were shut, while tears streamed down her face. She wouldn’t stop mumbling incoherently. 
Cane leaned over, trying to figure out what she was saying and the words came out of her mouth repeatedly were; 
’I don’t want to play anymore. I don’t want to play anymore. I don’t want to play anymore.’ 
After that, Iris was sick for almost two weeks, her body literally burned, but she wouldn’t stop trembling, feeling cold, while sweating profusely. Countless healers were called, but because of her unique constitution, healing magic didn’t really work on her. 
On a rare occasion when she woke up, she would cry and say something like; 
’I don’t like this game.’ 
’I don’t want to play.’ 
’Don’t touch me.’ 
’I don’t want to touch you...’ 
Hanna stayed by her side most of the time when Cane was away because the storm that the Alpha had planned was currently brewing inside the palace finally, as the tension and pressure were so thick, especially after the pressure from the Red Claw pack. Their alpha arrived two days ago and they demanded the King to solve the problem as soon as possible, or they wouldn’t give any magic stones from their mines, they would stop sending them the precious magic stones. 
And if that happened, it would hit the economy so hard, as the main income of this kingdom came from the trading of the magic stones. 
Even a king wouldn’t be a king anymore without the power of money to feed his people. 
"The Red Claw pack will be declaring war if they really decided to see through their threat!" King Aeon slammed his hands against the armchair, while his subjects had their heads down. 
Currently, there were five people inside the strategy room, aside from the King himself. 
Because of the pressure and currently bad relation between the royal family and the Red Claw pack, Lori, the representative of that pack, had been dismissed from this meeting and in his chair, Cane was sitting with the other right hand men of the King. 
"They can’t do that, it’s part of their tax toward the crown!" Jeremiah said brusquely, it could be said, he was one of the few people who would be very enthusiastic if a war between the royal and the Red Claw pack broke out, because being from the neighboring pack, he could take this opportunity to swallow the richest pack in the whole kingdom. 
This kind of pattern was similar to what happened between the Blue Moon pack and the Howling Wolf pack. Anyone would salivate over having control on the Red Claw pack’s mines. 
It was so pathetic how fast these people turned their backs to their fellow king’s right hand man when personal interests got mixed up in the conflict. 
They showed their true colors and intentions in the face of an opportunity to gain power. 
Jeremiah was the most blatant one out of the other three, while Kade, the representative from the Celestial Moon pack, didn’t seem interested in the topic. This morning, he received news from his pack that there was another monster attack and that more people died during the battle. 
He had been begging the King to send more warriors to help, but the current situation in the capital city was his main excuse for him to tell Kade to wait. He was not pleased. 
While Cane was still trying to feel out where the other two stood in this matter. 
The meeting lasted for more than three hours and during that time, Cane and Kade were the quiet ones. They didn’t say a word if it was not necessary, as they watched how those people tried to suggest a solution or two to the King. 
In the end, no solid decision was made. 
Cane immediately left the strategy room to go back to see his mate before he went to meet with Haco secretly. 
However, on his way back, he met with Prince Kellan. The same warrior was pushing his wheelchair and he smiled so brightly, like the sun in the early summer. So bright and hurting your eyes. 
Cane smiled back at him. 
"Alpha Cane, finally, I can meet with you again." Kellan approached Cane in his wheelchair. "The children in the orphanage really enjoyed the company of your men." 
Cane sent half of his warriors to the orphanage to stay with the kids under the pretext they could help with the construction. 
"I am glad they could behave in front of the children." 
Kellan laughed and Cane smiled. It was a beautiful picture to see two powerful men getting along well, or so it looked like. 
"I want to thank you for the wine you gave me the other day, it tastes so good, it’s one of my favorites. I drink it every night before I sleep and just like you said, it helps me to sleep faster. How can I get more of it?" 
"Just tell me if you are running out of it, I will send you more." 
"Oh, I can’t do that." 
"You don’t need to be polite with me, My Prince. You have helped me a lot with the citizens. I am someone, who will not forget to pay my gratitude, nor will I ever forget someone’s debt. Even on their deathbeds, I will make sure to return the favor."
###Chapter 309: AN EARTH- SHATTERING SCREAM
Chapter 309: AN EARTH- SHATTERING SCREAM
Cane gave Aria a quick and easy death, because in a way she didn’t mean to harm the others intentionally. It was a lapse of judgment and how blinded she was by her own desire that caused her own demise. 
But, Mason was still alive, as were a few nasty people from the Blue Moon pack, as they constantly begged to be killed, instead to live their lives. 
Cane was someone who thought death was too easy of a punishment to be paid for people’s crimes, they needed to live and beg for death instead. 
Death was only one way and a quick torture before everything ended, but life... Cane could think of a thousand ways to make one dread living with every breath they took. 
If there was one thing that he learned from his slavery, it was; death was an escape for people to leave their misery behind. 
Therefore, how could he let his enemy escape so easily? 
"I agree with you," Prince Kellan said, nodding in satisfaction. "I am glad you stood by me like your father did. Your father will be proud of you." 
Cane nodded. "I hope he is proud of me." 
"If there is anything you need, just tell me. I will help you with anything, as long as I can." 
"I heard the rumors of my father wanting to appoint you as his right hand man and it seems with you attending the meeting earlier, it will show to the people how true the rumor is." 
"It’s too early to draw a conclusion." And when Cane saw Prince Kellan was about to extend the conversation, he politely resigned himself. "I need to see my mate, she is still sick. I will take my leave." 
It was already a great feat for Cane to be able to hold back his emotions and press down his killing intent before Prince Kellan. It helped with the fact they didn’t meet for a few days after Iris’ last breakdown and left the orphanage, because it gave Cane some time to organize his thoughts. 
He was reckless with the matter with Will and Princess Osana, as he hastened his plan out of impulse, thankfully, there was no hiccup in the plan. 
However, he couldn’t do that with Prince Kellan, especially when he had the citizens behind his back. He was a useful piece on his chess board. It was not the right time to get rid of him. 
Cane couldn’t let his emotions get the better of him, especially in this critical situation, when he was on the right track of his game. One wrong move and it would ruin everything. 
"Oh, right. I hope for her speedy recovery." Prince Kellan’s eyes looked sad and all Cane thought was how to gouge his eyes out of their sockets. "I have sent some herbs for her, I think they have been delivered to your bedroom." 
Cane simply thanked him curtly and then left. 
Fortunately, he usually acted this way, thus it didn’t raise any suspicion from Prince Kellan. Moreover, the Prince had seen with his own eyes how Cane had stayed for two whole days and nights when Iris’ allergy flared up. 
Therefore, the way Cane acted right now was nothing unusual. 
"Ah, that girl... she used to be a sweet and docile little girl..." Prince Kellan lamented after Cane walked away from there and gestured for the warrior to push the wheelchair away. 
It was lunchtime and the weather was slightly warm, as the snow started to melt, an indication that the winter would pass soon. 
Many people had put away their thick cloaks and started wearing more simpler clothes, but Iris was still sleeping with a thick blanket covering her body and fire active in the fireplace. 
The room was always very warm, thus when Cane stepped in, he took off his cloak and only retained his tunic, as he approached the bed. 
Hanna was sitting next to Iris, holding her hand with swollen eyes. 
"You can leave," Cane said and his eyes fell on a green pouch on the table. "Is that from Prince Kellan?" 
Hanna stood up and nodded. She gave her place to the Alpha. "A little girl from Prince Kellan’s palace came by and gave the herbs to Miss Iris." 
Cane said nothing, as he took the pouch and tossed it into the fire. "Next time, throw everything that came from him. Understood?" 
Hanna nodded hastily, she could feel the enmity exuding from his body. It was so scary. "Yes, Alpha." She immediately walked out of the bedroom, but before that, she glanced over her shoulder and saw Cane checking on Iris. 
For some reason, the Alpha became very hostile toward Prince Kellan, though he didn’t express it when the Prince was around. She assumed the reason for the Alpha to be so enraged the other day had something to do with the Prince. 
Hanna didn’t know what the problem was, but she was glad the Alpha was no longer angry with her missy. She watched how Cane held Iris for hours when she had a breakdown when they were still in the orphanage. He was very gentle and caring with her and this made Hanna feel so relieved. The way he looked at her could convince you that he wouldn’t hurt a single strand of her hair intentionally. 
Hanna then walked out of the bedroom, leaving the two of them alone. 
Once Hanna left, Cane held Iris’ hand with both hands and brought it to his forehead, as he held it firmly and closed his eyes. 
It had been so long since his last prayer, but if he could ask for one thing, he wanted her to no longer wallow in misery. 
It took another four days before Iris finally woke up and she found herself alone in the bedroom, while Cane was right outside, behind the door, as he talked with Ethan about something. 
It was dark outside, but the luminous pearls around the room helped to chase away the darkness significantly. 
Iris felt her head ache so badly, as she tried to sit down when a wave of emotions hit her so hard as the memories flooded her mind. 
It almost felt like a dam had been broken and water drowned her, suffocating her, as flashes of memories came to the surface. 
The exact memories she had blocked for years. Iris thought she no longer remembered them and yet, there they were, creeping back to her mind all at once. 
She remembered how he helped her to undress herself and said; we are playing a new game now. Don’t tell anyone. This will be our secret. 
She remembered how he also took off his clothes and pants, smiling gently at her, as her younger self looked at him with confusion, afraid to look at his naked body. 
That was the first time for Iris to see a man being naked in front of her and she was so afraid. 
’Come here, touch me here. I know you are curious, right?’ 
Iris let out an earth- shattering scream, as she hit her head with her fists, trying to get the image out of her head.
###Chapter 310: THE DAM HAD BEEN BROKEN
Chapter 310: THE DAM HAD BEEN BROKEN
Kellan asked little Iris to kneel, as neither of them wore a single piece of clothing. He was smiling so warmly at her, as if there was nothing wrong with their situation. He playfully teased her because she looked so afraid, trying to calm her down and emphasize it was just a game. 
’This is a new game. You will like it. Relax, okay? Or else, I will not play with you anymore, because it’s not fun.’ 
Kellan made her kneel in front of him, as he leaned closer to her and spoke in a hushed voice. 
’Touch me here... it’s okay. I know you are full of curiosity. You want to know, right? Right?’ 
Iris couldn’t hear the way she screamed her heart out, while hitting her head so hard with her fists, as if by doing so, she could get rid of the image out of her head. She screamed until her throat became sore and wouldn’t stop even then, she even became more and more frantic when she felt someone touch her. 
"Iris!" Cane called her name, asking her to open her eyes, but she didn’t respond well to his touch. 
The Alpha rushed into the room once he heard her earth- shattering scream and found his mate trying to hurt herself, she kept hitting her head and clawing at her lips, making them bleed. 
"Stop it, Iris!" Cane was struggling to make her stop, but at the same time, he needed to make sure he was not hurting her. 
On the other hand, Ethan was dumbstruck to see how Iris was right now. He had never seen her so out of control like this until then and how she tried to get away from Cane, as she kept crying and screaming. 
"Wh- what happened?" Ethan stammered, he felt like Iris was going crazy. How could such a delicate and timid woman like her flip out and look so violent? 
She almost looked like she was possessed. Her auburn hair looked so messy, as if it was in flames, while her face was so red. 
Now, Ethan really wanted to know what had happened. He was not really clear about what was actually happening between Cane and Iris and what caused the Alpha’s sudden enmity toward the Prince. The Gamma could tell everything was connected, but how? 
"Wh- what can I do? Should I call a healer?" 
"Get out!" Cane roared at his gamma, because he didn’t want him to see Iris in such a vulnerable state. 
More so, there was nothing the Gamma could do, even a healer’s power was so limited against Iris, because of her unique constitution. 
"Okay, okay." Ethan immediately scrambled out of the room, leaving Cane alone to deal with Iris. Since the Alpha told him to leave, he must know what to do with her. 
On the other hand, Iris still continued to try hitting her head, to get rid of the horrendous images that kept flooding her mind. She wanted to forget everything. 
If it was so terrifying in the past when she still was not aware of what he was doing then, even more so now. The images were so vivid, as if she was forced to watch her younger self being taken advantage of. 
Iris still remembered what Kellan said when he made her touch himself and the expression on his face, how he smiled at her and complimented her how beautiful she was. How she did a great job, while guiding her little hand to the place he wanted her to touch him. 
’That’s right... like that... you are a good girl, Iris. My little Iris... hm, you are really clever. You are a good little girl, right Iris?’ 
Iris wanted to rip her head off, she wanted this disgusting feeling to end. She really wanted this to end. 
"Iris! Open your eyes!" Cane knew his words wouldn’t reach her and he could see how he accidentally hurt her because he tried to stop his mate from hitting herself. 
Cane literally pinned her down on the bed, because she tried to kick him, so he could get away from her, while he pressed down both of her hands above her head, so she could stop hitting herself. Bruises marred her wrists, as Cane had to use a little bit of strength. 
Without being able to use her hands, Iris opened her mouth, seemingly wanting to bite down her tongue instead. 
Cane recognized the gesture, since he had witnessed it a handful of times when his people couldn’t take the torture from Gerald any longer and they decided to make their own escape. 
Without a second thought, Cane put a hand between her teeth, so she would bite down on his hand instead and blood spurted out of the wound. She was really determined to harm herself. One could only imagine the damage if it was her tongue, instead of Cane’s hand, that got bitten. 
The blood oozed out from the wound, yet Cane didn’t pull his hand away. He let her bite him down as long as she needed. There was no anger in his dark eyes, while his expression was as stoic as ever. 
He promised her not to hurt her, that included protecting her from hurting herself. 
Slowly, Iris opened her eyes, her gaze was still obscure and she gradually stopped struggling, feeling the blood in her mouth. 
"It’s okay," Cane said, knowing she was looking at him now. "You are safe." 
Iris sobbed, her whole body was trembling, but then she coughed, because the blood from Cane’s injured hand clogged her throat. He immediately pulled his hand away and moved aside, so Iris could roll her body and spit the blood, as she coughed so hard. 
Cane patted her back lightly. The bed was a mess with blood all over the white sheets. Iris breathed raggedly. 
She coughed and vomited continously, this time, she didn’t have time to care that Cane was there, right beside her. She was too numb to her surroundings, but ironically, she was loathing herself to the point where she just wanted this feeling to end. 
"Arggh!" Once again, she screamed so hard, as if by doing so she could escape from her misery. 
However, it was in vain, the dam had been broken and the memories wouldn’t stop flooding her mind. She couldn’t seal them back like she did in the past, nor could she pretend none of that had ever happened. 
Iris screamed and vomited on the bed, while Cane watched over her from the side, letting her vent out whatever she felt right now. As long as she didn’t try to hurt herself, he would stay away from her. He gave her space, because he knew she didn’t want to be touched right now. 
The wound on Cane’s hand had healed by the time Iris finally collapsed on the bed, curling herself into a ball, crying so hard her whole body started trembling. Her hair was a mess and her body was dirty because of the blood and the vomit, but she couldn’t care less about that anymore. 
She didn’t care what Cane would think seeing her right now. It would be good if he just ended her right there and then. 
But instead, Cane went to the bathroom and filled the tub with water before he returned to the bedroom and carefully carried her in his arms.
###Chapter 311: A LONG AND EXHAUSTED NIGHT
Chapter 311: A LONG AND EXHAUSTED NIGHT
At this point, Iris was too exhausted to even put up a fight. She was completely numb to everything that was happening around her. However, slowly but surely, she felt Cane’s presence. His scent soothed her nerves bit by bit and the spark between them when his skin touched hers made her feel less agitated. 
The mate bond really worked wonders. 
On the other hand, Cane was unsure as to how to proceed from here, since he didn’t think it was a good idea for him to be the one to bathe her. Not because he didn’t want to, but because Iris probably couldn’t take it. 
"I will call Hanna over to help you." Cane put Iris down on the edge of the tub, so she could sit there while he called for Hanna, yet when his mate realized he was about to leave, she clung to him. She wrapped her arms around his neck and buried her face in the crook of his shoulder. "You need to clean yourself." 
However, Cane stopped short with his explanation, because he knew Iris couldn’t hear him. He let her hug himself as long as she needed, while he caressed her back lightly. Her sweet scent was mixed with the smell of his blood and the stench of her vomit. 
Anyone else would find this disgusting, especially those shifters, who had keen senses, yet Cane didn’t even flinch, nor did he furrow his brows to show his disgust. He treated this as if it was nothing. 
Iris was still his mate, no matter how wretched she looked like right now. There was nothing about her that could make him loathe her. 
It took a long time for Iris to finally loosen her arms around his neck and Cane could finally talk to her. 
"You need to get cleaned," Cane said. "I will call Hanna to help." 
Iris shook her head. Hanna would cry if she saw her like this and it wouldn’t help her feel any better. She would feel so bad to make her worried, moreover, she didn’t want her to know what had happened. 
Iris was still unsure how Cane connected the dots, but he must have guessed everything by now, knowing how clear sighted he was. 
It was still unnerving how she could forget all those horrendous moments, but even more so, how she remembered everything now. 
Cane put his finger under her chin, so she could read what he was going to say. "You will be more comfortable with her." 
Yet, Iris shook her head again. 
Cane looked at her face and pulled the string behind her dress, which loosened her dress a little bit and Iris flinched. 
"Let’s take off just the outer dress." 
Her outer dress was so dirty, so was her hair, thus she needed to take it off before she sank into the tub. 
Cane helped her to get out of her dress, this time he didn’t make any aggressive moves such as ripping off the fabric just because it was too complicated for him. He was extra attentive and patient with her. 
Once the dress was already taken care of, it left Iris standing in her undergarments, but because Iris was already struggling to get off her outer dress and her undergarments were fine, Cane helped her to dip into the tub in them, so she actually wouldn’t feel naked and even more vulnerable. 
Cane dropped more hot stones into the water, because it was already slightly cold. 
The stones could warm the water almost in a second, since they were stones that had been infused with magic. After all, this was winter, it wouldn’t be efficient to boil buckets and buckets of water to bathe, since the water would turn cold so fast and it took longer time for the water to reach the boiling point. 
Cane then took it upon himself to rinse her hair and washed it clean. Because Iris’ hair was so long and thick, it would take time for him to really wash it thoroughly. 
On the other hand, Iris leaned back and rested her head on the edge of the tub, while staring mindlessly at a point on the ceiling above her.
After her breakdown, she felt so exhausted and because it was just Cane, somehow she didn’t feel uncomfortable in his presence. She let him take care of her, because right now, she was not in her right mind to do so. 
She could feel how hard Cane tried to figure out how to disentangle the knots in her hair. 
It was completely unheard of for a man to do so much for a woman, especially an influential figure like him. He was an alpha for two packs and the woman before him was the daughter of the very person who had put him and his people through misery for a decade. She was the daughter of the very person who had killed all of his family, his mate, his unborn child, his twin siblings, and someone who was responsible for many deaths. 
However, he treated her exceptionally. Not even once did he lose his patience with her. 
Once Cane was done, he got a clean towel to wrap her body with and asked someone to clean up the room before he brought her back to a clean bed. Sweet scent emanated from the incense that was kindled in the corner of the room to mask the bloody and putrid smell. 
Cane dried Iris’ body and brought a new dress for her. 
"Take off your wet dress and put this on," Cane said, as he handed the dress and turned around. He didn’t leave, as he could hear how Iris slowly took off her wet undergarments and wore the dry dress. 
But all of a sudden, he felt her hugging him from behind. Her arms circled his waist and her face pressed against his back. She was sobbing silently and Cane said nothing, aside from patting her arms, waiting for her to be calm enough so that they could return to their bed and take some rest before the sun came. 
The whole ordeal lasted hours and when they finally went to lie down on the bed, it was already past midnight and both of them were extremely exhausted, both mentally and physically. 
Before lying down, Cane took some time to dry her hair, so she wouldn’t get sick again, while Iris ate a few spoons of porridge that Hanna brought into the room. 
The maid left them alone, but this time, she was not worried because the Alpha was really taking care of her missy and there was nothing she was more grateful for. 
She could see how gentle Cane was when he dried Iris’ hair with a towel, as if he had done it a few times. Indeed, Cane had done it before and he only served his mate this intimately. 
When everything was done and the night became deeper, they laid their heads on the bed and fell asleep. After all, the day was so tiring and the night was exhausting. 
Iris snuggled closer to her mate, wanting to feel more comfort from him, while Cane held her close to him. 
Iris’ lips were covered in a few scratches because she managed to hurt herself before Cane could stop her. There were also glaring bruises on her wrists. 
But, everything would be fine. They hoped everything would be fine...
###Chapter 312: CAN YOU PROMISE ME LIKE YOU PROMISE HIM?
Chapter 312: CAN YOU PROMISE ME LIKE YOU PROMISE HIM?
Iris woke up before Cane did and the first thing that hit her was the exhaustion. Her whole body was in bone crushing pain. She lifted her hands and saw her wrists were swollen red, she licked her lips and they stung. 
Cane must have applied some salve to her lips at some point, which she didn’t remember when, because she could feel her lips were a little bit oily. 
For a moment, Iris stared at her bruised wrists and remembered how Cane tried to stop her and pin her body down, so she would stop hurting herself. Tears welled up in her eyes, as she snuggled closer to him and out of instinct, he patted her back, while his eyes were still closed and this made her feel a little bit comfortable as she fell back asleep. 
Outside, the sun had not risen yet, but the sky was getting lighter, chasing out the darkness of the night and when the sunlight finally spilled through the window on the sleeping couple on the bed, Cane opened his eyes and found his mate was still fast asleep. He checked on her briefly. 
Cane didn’t look lethargic despite what had happened last night, but surely a hint of silent concern could be seen in his eyes. After all, he needed a good night’s sleep and being with Iris helped chase away all of his nightmares. 
Cane pried himself out of her embrace, as he was about to get out of the bed, but the movement woke her up. 
Iris opened her eyes abruptly when she felt Cane move away from her. 
"Sleep a bit more," Cane said, as he caressed her cheek. 
But instead, Iris sat down and started to pull at her hair nervously, as she watched Cane walk across the room and take something from the cabinet. There was a small green container in his hand when he walked back to the bed and sat down in front of her. 
Gently, Cane took Iris’ hand and applied the salve to her bruised wrists. "You need to apply this every six hours," he said when Iris just stared at him blankly. After her wrists, Cane applied it on her lips, which made her wince. "Hold on." 
"You know what happened," Iris said in a small voice, which made Cane halt, but then he acted as if it was nothing. 
"Hm." He then added. "More or less." He could guess why Iris emotionally collapsed last night, but he didn’t know the details and he didn’t think he really needed her to tell him more. The severity of her breakdown had told him everything. 
Iris moved away out of instinct, as she avoided Cane’s touch, it was not that she was disgusted by him, but it was because she loathed herself. 
Cane dropped his hand and stared at her, watching how his mate was having a battle with herself. He waited for Iris to speak what was in her mind first. 
It took so long for Iris to murmur something. "I can understand if I disgust you." She bit her lips, but then Cane extended his hand and pulled her lip from between her teeth. 
"Don’t do it. We need to put salve on it again." Cane put some salve again on her lips, but said nothing. 
Only then it crossed Iris’ mind how she had bitten down his hand, until it bled terribly. "Oh, your hand." She immediately reached out to grab his right hand, but she couldn’t remember which hand she had bitten, thus she checked his left hand too, but both hands were fine. "You were bleeding last night..." 
"I heal faster than you," Cane simply said after Iris finished with her inspection and stared at him. 
"I am sorry," she said. Tears welled up in her eyes. She felt the urge to apologize for anything, since those were the only words she was familiar with. She felt sorry for herself for letting something so horrendous happen, but then she was only a child, who craved a little bit of affection and attention. "I am sorry." 
Iris wanted to apologize for what her father had done to Cane and his people, she wanted to apologize for causing him trouble, she wanted to apologize for being so disgusting... 
She didn’t know why she felt this way, her emotions were all over the place and she couldn’t think straight. 
She wanted to apologize for having the thought to hit her head very hard, so she could forget what had happened. She wanted to apologize for wanting to hurt herself. She wanted to apologize for being so pathetic. 
But, most of all, she didn’t want to feel apologetic for the way she felt. 
That was not her fault. What her father had done, the way her brother treated her and what Prince Kellan made her go through, none of those were her fault. 
Everything came to her mind at once, even though they weren’t related to one another. Her mind was so crowded, yet Iris was very quiet. 
On the other hand, Cane waited for her to talk more, as he wiped her tears, but when there was nothing she said, he tilted her head, so she could read what he was saying. 
"Don’t feel sorry for what he did to you, be angry. It’s better for you to be angry than to feel sorry." Cane caressed her earlobe and Iris squirmed, she blinked her eyes and tears streamed down her face again. "Why would you disgust me for what happened, when what happened to me was not honorable either?" 
"I hate him," Iris said, her voice trembling. 
"As you should." 
"Why would he do that to a child?" 
Cane pulled Iris into his arms, as he patted her back and she cried her heart out, screaming out her grievances. It felt way better to let it all out. 
Cane didn’t forget what he had done to her in the library either, it would take him the rest of his life to make amends for Iris, and he was more than willing to do it. 
Iris cried for so long, while Cane patted her back. She was still crying when Hanna entered the bedroom to serve their breakfast. Tears pooled in her eyes to see how her missy looked so devastated, though she didn’t know the reason behind it. 
However, she immediately rushed out of the bedroom because she knew the Alpha was there and he would take care of her. 
Cane even skipped the morning court with the excuse Iris was sick and he needed to stay behind. The King would be furious that he put a woman above solving critical problems in the kingdom, but he wouldn’t be hostile toward Cane openly, since he needed him now as the Red Claw pack was starting to rebel. 
Aside from the matters with Asturi Stem and the North, King Aeon wouldn’t want to lose more packs under his control or more magic stone mines for that matter. It would be a hard blow for his kingdom, especially its pocket money. 
"Can you promise me the same thing you promised Ethan?" Iris asked when she finally stopped crying. Her eyes swollen red when she lifted her head. 
"What is it?" 
"Can you... unalive him?" Iris said with hesitation. 
Cane chuckled. "You mean kill him?"
###Chapter 313: OMINOUS FEELING
Chapter 313: OMINOUS FEELING
There was not a single bone of violence in her body, thus ’kill’ was not a word Iris was familiar with, nor was she comfortable to say it. 
Therefore, she phrased it that way, which made her look adorable when she wanted to inflict violence. 
Saying the word felt like a sin, but Iris still wanted to anyway. 
"Do you want to kill him?" 
"I..." She tugged at her hair nervously. "I don’t mind if you are the one who does it," she said in a murmur. 
While Ethan wanted to kill Alan by himself, Iris didn’t think she would be able to deliver the final blow herself, thus as long as he died, she didn’t mind who had done the job. 
"I will have a lot of royal family on my list now, I will need a lot of help." Cane caressed her earlobe and she caught his hand to make him stop. 
"I will help you," Iris said eagerly. Not only because Cane was his mate and the matter was related to her, but also because she had made a promise when they visited the Howling Wolf pack’s tomb. "What should I do?" 
"I didn’t peg you for someone who was so eager for violence." 
Iris lowered her head, as she mumbled. "Can’t help it, being close to such a dark influence, blackens me too." 
Cane pinched her chin and lifted her head. "What?" 
Iris startled, realizing tongue slip. She immediately scrambled away from Cane. "I am hungry," she said hastily. 
Cane watched how she got off the bed and ran to the bathroom. For a moment, the Alpha was stunned hearing what Iris just said, but then a small smile appeared on the corners of his lips. 
Wasn’t she too comfortable with him to be able to talk that way right in front of him? 
Cane had long known Iris was quite a chatterbox whenever she felt comfortable with the other person, but he didn’t know she could be mischievous as well. 
For the next five days, Iris’ mood was not stable. Sometimes, she would look fine, but rest of the time, she would look so down and wouldn’t even want to talk, as she would space out near the window. She didn’t even want to read and just stared into the distance, but then she would look fine again and the cycle repeated. 
On the third day, Cane found her trying to harm herself again, but he managed to find her in time before something more fatal could happen. Therefore, he gave Hanna a strict order not to leave Iris by herself. 
Iris was trying to cope up, as she could no longer force herself to forget the thing that had happened. Her nights became torturous for her because she would visit her deepest memories, as her dreams became more vivid and detailed. 
In the empty hall, she would be able to see the five symbols that were engraved on the five swords, but when she dreamed of what happened with Prince Kellan, she was shown what the Prince had ordered her to do, how his expression looked and the way he caressed her. 
Most of the time, Iris would wake up screaming, and Cane would hold her until she fell back asleep. She would only wake up more depressed every morning. 
On the sixth day, seeing how Iris only became more and more detached from reality, Cane took her out of the palace to meet with Haco. 
"Come with me," Cane said one bleak afternoon when Iris was staring at the melting snow on the ground, as she perched on the windowsill. 
Iris blinked her eyes and then nodded. "Okay." It didn’t matter where they would go, because Iris would come with him regardless. 
Cane helped Iris to put on her cloak and wrapped his arm around her waist, only to notice how she had lost so much weight again. Hanna told him how Iris would start vomiting every time she forced something into her stomach. She would even vomit when she didn’t eat anything. 
Her condition made Hanna develop great concern, as she reported every single detail of what happened with Iris to Cane, hoping the Alpha could help. 
Yet, what Cane could do was limiting. This wasn’t something he could solve, but before Iris could sink any deeper, he would try to hold onto her. 
"What happened to you? You look horrible!" Redmond commented. This was the first time he saw Iris again. As far as he knew, Iris was sick, but he was clueless about the details that entailed her condition. 
Therefore, as usual, he ran his mouth recklessly, while Ethan hit his head from the back and glared at him viciously. 
"WHAT?" Redmond snapped. He was still irritated about the last encounter between him and the Alpha, more so, he had not yet told Cane his guess about how he thought Iris was pregnant. This dumb alpha must have no idea about it! 
"Shut up!" Ethan hissed. 
"What? She can’t hear me!" Redmond growled. He was right, Iris didn’t even look in his direction when he said those words, thus he thought it was safe for him to blurt it out. 
On the other hand, Cane ignored the two of them, as he helped Iris to get into the carriage and sat next to her. "We will go now," he said to Trion, who sat in the front as a coachman. 
Seeing how the carriage started moving without them, Ethan and Redmond stopped bickering and immediately mounted their horses, as they followed them. 
This time, Cane didn’t go to a jewelry shop, which was a secret way to reach the lodge, the secret place, where the others stayed. 
They went to an armour shop, where Iris could see a few swords and daggers for sale. This was the only armour shop in the capital city, since shifters didn’t use weapons when they went to battle. They themselves counted as lethal weapons. 
Iris couldn’t understand why they were here, she looked around her surroundings, while following Cane toward the corner door, which he opened and led them down a long, dark corridor. 
Meanwhile, Ethan and Redmond didn’t follow them, as their interest was piqued by these swords. They didn’t know that swords would come in so many variations. 
Behind the door, there were two doors on her left and two more on her right, in which Cane entered one and inside, Iris could see Haco. 
It had been a while since the last time she met with the old sorcerer, he was as grumpy as she remembered. 
"You are late!" Haco grumbled. "I don’t like staying here!" This place didn’t have any windows and the only light came from the luminous pearls. This small room almost felt like a dungeon itself instead. 
"Sit down," Cane said, as he nodded at the table with four chairs in the middle of the room. 
Whining, Haco sat down, while Iris and Cane sat across from him. 
"Can you feel it?" Cane asked Iris, he looked at her closely. 
Iris was surprised when Cane could tell. That was right, she had this feeling ever since they entered the shop. This was the same ominous feeling that filled the air when he was being inflicted by dark magic.
###Chapter 314: A PURPOSE FOR IRIS
Chapter 314: A PURPOSE FOR IRIS
This ominous feeling was the same as when she felt the magic stone which was suffused with dark magic and used to harm Cane with, though there was something slightly different, she was sure it was dark magic inside a magic stone. 
"You have a magic stone that is contaminated with dark magic?" Iris frowned at Haco and the sorcerer was stunned because Iris could tell that. 
"How could she know?!" Haco fished out something from his pocket and put the earth magic stone in the middle of the table. 
Iris could recognize it was an earth magic stone easily now. 
"Are you still trying to tell me she is not a magic user?!" Haco was still thrilled to witness what this runt could do. No, he didn’t think she was a runt at all, but from what Cane told him, both her parents were shifters. It didn’t make sense for a magic user to be born to shifter parents. "I will not buy it!" 
"You can sense it?" Cane tucked her hair behind her ear. He knew Iris could sense it, he only wanted to make sure of what she could do and also to prove it to Haco what he had told him. 
The sorcerer was so adamant, insisting dark magic was hard to be noticed, unless it affected a person and showed the traces of the curse on them, just like what happened to Princess Osana. Magic stones suffused with dark magic would be hard to be recognized, you need to be an exceptional magic user to do so or have divine powers. 
But the latter option was not likely at all, since it was only the Serafim, who had divine powers. It was a power that differed from any magic in this realm. 
"Who are you?" Haco looked at Iris closely, he even stood up, as if her figure was an obscure in his eyes and he needed to pay close attention to her, but Cane shut his antics down. 
He knew there was something unusual with Iris, but this was not the time to dig deeper. The situation in the palace became even more complicated and the tension between the royals and the Red Claw pack became even more palpable. It would not even be a surprise if something big did happen, since the Alpha of the Red Claw pack had ordered his warriors to march to the border of the city. 
The number of the warriors was not that high, but it would be enough to resuscitate the fear and tension in the capital city. Right now, the situation in the capital city was way more conducive, thanks to Prince Kellan and Cane, who worked together to calm the people. 
Although the lycan had not yet been caught and the fourth prince was still missing, also the curse on Princess Osana was not yet revoked.
"When did you first feel it?" Cane asked Iris, ignoring Haco completely. 
Iris thought about that for a moment. "Since we entered the shop," she said. "No, since we got off the carriage..." 
"Hm." Cane thought about it and calculated the details. 
Haco didn’t care much about the nuts and bolts, as he was way more interested in studying this runt. How could she do that? 
"Can you sense it from a larger distance?" Cane knew about another thing of what Iris could do. He heard in detail how she managed to get the dark magic stone out of his body that Aria had put on him. 
Now, whether Iris could find the dark magic stone or not, became a critical point of this plan. 
"I think it depends on the size of the dark magic stones..." Iris contemplated it for a moment. "In your case, the dark magic stone inside you was so small, but because I stayed in the room next to you, I could sense it pretty easily, while this..." 
The size of the dark magic stone in front of them was only as big as a pebble, much smaller than her own knuckle. 
"Understood. I will need your ability soon." 
Iris’ eyes lit up slightly when she heard that, she straightened her back, as she looked at him expectantly. "What do you want me to do?" 
Cane brushed her bangs lightly. He knew giving a task to her would be a better idea rather than to leave her to her own devices and let her wallow continuously. 
Sometimes, what you needed was a purpose. She needed a reason to survive, just like he did. Even if the reason was malignant as in Cane’s case which was exacting revenge. 
"I will tell you when the time comes." 
As usual, Cane didn’t explain too much to Iris, but she knew what she should do, only lacking the timing when she should do it. 
But at the very least, she was waiting for it. She looked less depressed, because there was something she was looking forward to now, though her nightmares would come every now and then, and she would feel under the weather seldomly, she could eat better now. 
Four days later, the situation in the court became even worse. The tension suffocated all the people and the pressure on Cane to find the fourth prince became more immense. Even so, the Alpha still kept the dead body of the Prince in secret and had not yet revealed it. 
All of the people, who knew about the truth couldn’t fathom what the Alpha’s grand scheme was, since he could tell them where the body was and be done with the King’s pressure. 
The more Alpha Dristan from the Red Claw pack pressured the King, the more King Aeon reminded Cane of his duty as the King’s emissary. 
But, all Cane said to him was; he still had four months before summer, which was the time limit the King gave to him and King Aeon couldn’t press him any further. 
This morning, Iris went out with Hanna. She wanted to go sit in the garden and enjoy the sunlight, because the snow had melted and the weather was not so cold. She felt comfortable to walk around. 
More so, this King’s palace was far away from the palace where Prince Kellan lived, thus it was a very small chance for them to encounter each other. 
However, when Iris and Hanna walked out of the room, they met with Nala, who was about to approach the bedroom. 
She looked a little bit taken aback and couldn’t turn around, because it would be seen as her avoiding Iris, since the chamber Iris and Cane shared was the only chamber in this part of the building. 
"Luna Iris," Nala greeted politely, having no other choice. She learned her mistake when she visited the orphanage and Cane humiliated her, thus she didn’t try to pull the same trick on Iris again. 
On the other hand, the smile on Iris’ face fell when she saw Nala. She was not happy to see her, especially around her own and Cane’s quarters. 
"Why are you here?" Iris’ voice was cold. 
"I need to see Alpha Cane, is he inside the room?" Nala asked brazenly. 
Iris squinted her eyes dangerously. "Why are you always looking for my mate?"
###Chapter 315: BE GOOD
Chapter 315: BE GOOD
Iris had been feeling very low, she was in a bad mood ever since what had happened and even though she appeared a little bit calmer recently, it didn’t vanquish the turmoil inside of her, there was still this raging storm within her. 
Therefore, when something ticked her off, she tended to be more contentious than usual. 
"Why are you always looking for my mate?" 
On the other hand, Hanna was stunned to hear the way Iris spoke, because usually she would be so timid, yet the way she saw it, her sweet missy somehow sounded more aggressive. 
Not only Hanna, Nala was also taken aback to hear the way Iris voiced her question. This luna did not even bother to hide her dislike toward her. 
"This is the King’s order, Luna Iris," Nala said, trying to explain herself. "I didn’t come looking for the Alpha on my own violation." 
Iris narrowed her eyes, she took a step forward, which made Nala feel flustered and out of instinct, she backed away. She became defensive, as if she was about to be attacked. Probably, Iris was venting out her frustration on her, or maybe she simply wanted to show Nala what actually she felt about her, but nonetheless, this side of the Luna was a little bit disarming. 
"Why did the King send an irrelevant person to relay his message? There are countless royal warriors and proper messengers to do the same." 
Nala couldn’t refute that, since she got this news from her father and just like before, she volunteered to deliver it to the Alpha herself. 
Because she failed to execute her plan with the witch in the orphanage, since the Alpha spent all his time taking care of his mate and not allowed anyone to bother him, she didn’t have a chance to even come closer to him. 
And the repercussions of that was; the King kept her for days in his bed. He vented out his anger because the plan failed and his frustration only increased because of what happened in his court while Nala couldn’t complain, since she had to make the old king happy, or else, it would be her family that took the brunt of his wrath. 
She still felt so sore and her heart was a wreck. 
Nala couldn’t understand how there could be a man like King Aeon, who didn’t have any scrupulousness to take pleasure from women and saw them as an to please himself, while there was a man like Alpha Cane, who would stay behind nights after nights just to make sure his mate was fine. 
If it was King Aeon, the man wouldn’t even care whether you were sick or not, what he cared about the most was how to get pleasure from you in the way he liked. 
Nala felt bitter. What was so good about the runt before her eyes? 
"Get someone proper to deliver the message to the Alpha," Iris said sharply, she was annoyed beyond words. Everything annoyed and frustrated her, even when she made a simple mistake like spilling her drink nowadays, she would get all worked up. 
However, for her stubbornness, Nala should get a credit, as she couldn’t tell when to stop. "I am already here, Luna, it will be better for me to deliver the message for the Alpha right away, rather than waiting for someone else to come. The King will appreciate it if the Alpha goes to him immediately." 
Nala still assumed Cane was inside the chamber and Iris was only giving her a hard time. 
However, before Iris could retort, she saw the person that she would never be sick of looking at, but right now, he was the last person she wanted to meet with Nala around. 
Behind Nala, Cane could be seen coming from the opposite direction with Ethan and Trion. The Alpha frowned as he marveled at the look Iris gave him. Why did she look so hostile toward him? Cane didn’t remember if he did something wrong. They were still fine this morning. 
The Alpha didn’t even consider Nala’s presence a possibility, since the woman didn’t enter his eyes at all. 
Meanwhile, Nala immediately caught the scent of the Alpha and noticed his presence. She turned her head and saw him. 
Cane walked slightly ahead of Ethan and Trion. Warm afternoon sunlight fell on his figure and he looked so majestic, walking down this humble corridor with his dark purple cloak fluttering in the winter wind. 
"Going for a walk?" Cane asked, as he came closer to Iris and kissed her forehead. He didn’t have any idea why she looked so angry, but his kiss on her forehead softened her edges slightly. 
"Alpha Cane," Nala greeted Cane in her sweet voice. She looked extremely polite and the look of her made the Luna feel this sudden urge to step on her feet. 
Somehow, Iris was surprised by how she could be this mean when Nala was only here to deliver a message. Maybe just the sight of this young and beautiful woman vexed her. 
"She came here to tell you that the King wants to see you," Iris said quickly, and didn’t allow Nala to start a conversation with Cane. "Why are you here? Did you forget something?" 
Cane noticed the way Iris clutched his cloak, as if she was demanding his full attention, something she had never done before and when he finally took note of Nala’s presence, he knew why his mate became so incensed with him. 
"I wanted to take you for lunch, but it seems I need to go and meet the King first." 
"Oh." Iris was a little bit dejected to know that. 
"Alpha Cane, it’s not polite to make the King wait, why don’t we go now?" Nala interrupted them. She was smiling at Cane, even though the Alpha didn’t look her way. 
"Let’s have dinner instead." Cane brushed her bangs and was about to leave, but Iris pulled his hand out of instinct to make him stop. 
"I want to tell you something," Iris said abruptly. She didn’t have anything to say to Cane and only pulled his hand purely out of impulse, but now, she needed to come up with something. 
"Hm?" Cane didn’t seem in a hurry, as he entertained Iris’ antics. 
Biting her lips, Iris glanced at Nala and then tiptoed, while she pulled Cane down, so she could whisper it to him instead. The way Iris glanced at Nala was as if saying; this was a secret and someone like her shouldn’t hear it. 
Because of the height difference, Cane bent down his body to accommodate Iris, and put his hand instinctively on her waist, so she wouldn’t stumble. 
"Hm. Go on," Cane mumbled, ready to listen to what Iris wanted to say. "Okay. Understood." 
Actually, Iris didn’t say anything! She only blew into his ear, while pretending to be telling him something important, as she glanced at Nala a few times provocatively, making the girl uncomfortable. 
However, despite how silly it was, Cane played along with her. It took a while before Iris was finally done and she smiled at her mate. 
"Anything else?" Cane asked, staring at Iris’ satisfied smile. Her blue eyes lit up with mischievousness as she shook her head. 
"No." 
"Be good." Cane caressed her cheek and told Nala she could leave, because he didn’t need her assistance in finding the throne room.
###Chapter 316: CANE’S HIDDEN AGENDA
Chapter 316: CANE’S HIDDEN AGENDA
Iris was happy with the way Cane played along with her, especially the part where he told Nala not to follow him. She would always remember the look on Nala’s face. 
But then, it was not only her, who watched everything that unfolded there. There was also Hanna, Ethan and Trion in the background. Their jaws dropped to witness what just happened. 
The Gamma tapped Iris’ shoulder to get her attention. "You are jealous," he stated without preamble.
"I am not." Iris shook her head, looking a little bit defensive. 
"Yes, you are." 
"No, I am not." Iris immediately hastened her steps, as she half- ran toward the garden. She couldn’t hear them, but she was sure, the three of them were laughing right now. How dare they laugh at her?! 
Yet, Iris didn’t dare to confront them, nor did she stop to wait for them. 
And just like what Iris thought, the three of them were laughing right now. Hanna told them to stop, but she herself was laughing, while running to chase after her missy with the two men behind her. This was the first time she laughed heartily after those dark days when Iris looked like she would lose her sanity any time. 
However, Hanna still felt this suffocation for not knowing anything about Will. It had been more than a month and she had not received a single letter from him. 
No one knew why he didn’t respond to Hanna’s letters, all they could say was; Will didn’t look so good, as if there was always a dark cloud surrounding him. He stopped talking altogether, if it was not necessary... 
What happened to him? 
That night, Cane returned to have dinner together with Iris, just like he had promised her. They had it delivered to their room because Iris still didn’t want to meet with those royals and Cane didn’t have any ion. He shared the same sentiment, after all. 
But after that, he needed to leave again because a lot of things had happened in the past few days and the Red Claw pack became even more aggravated, since Lori, their representative didn’t get invited to the meeting with the King, more so, the supply of the magic stones had been stopped and this incurred the King’s wrath for their audacity. 
Yet, King Aeon still refused to exert more effort to find the fourth prince. 
Laluna was miserable because her due date was getting closer and with all that was happening between her pack and the royal family, the poor Princess became very stressed. Lady Ayla, Vemion’s mother, would always be by her side to give her strength, while Koda had prepared everything if the situation turned for the worse. 
He had done what Cane told him to do and every time he glanced at Laluna’s swollen belly, conflicted feelings would flit across his eyes before they would be filled with determination. 
Two days later, Cane took Iris out of the palace to meet with Haco again, this time, they walked leisurely among the people with Ethan, Redmond, Trion and Hanna. 
The weather was no longer so cold and the afternoon sunlight was warm enough for Iris to drop her thick cloak. 
"What is that?" Iris asked Hanna. Her mood was very good from the moment Cane told them they would go out, this was the first time the six of them went out together. 
"I don’t have any idea," Hanna said, as she stared at the strange fruit on one of the street stalls. 
All the people on the streets stared at Iris because of her auburn hair and were awed by her beauty, though she looked slightly pale, there was something about her that made people want to be close to her. 
"This is the Golden Seed fruit. This must be the first time you are here," the woman said, as she approached the two of them, she handed the small yellow fruit for them to taste. 
On the other hand, Redmond couldn’t help but grumble along the way. He knew what the Alpha was up to, by getting them to walk like this among the people. 
"He really knows how to use people," Redmond grumbled, while Trion could only sigh, since that comment would only give rise to another argument between him and Ethan again. 
"The Luna is happy, everyone is happy, no one is hurt. Can’t you stop complaining?" Trion hissed. Thankfully, Ethan was only occupied with trying as much street food as he could and paid no mind to his surroundings. "The Luna has been feeling down for days, it’s good that the Alpha took her out. She looks happy, can’t you see?" 
Redmond scoffed. He knew better why Cane took Iris out to walk in the streets and meet with people. He just wanted Iris to get close to them. This had the same effect as what Cane had been doing with Prince Kellan in order to calm people down and be the figures they could trust in. 
The very reason why Iris, initially, would take care of a few things in the orphanage about the children, so she could familiarize herself with the people there and the citizens would see her in a different light from the other loyal family. 
However, because Iris was sick for so long, this trip was to fill her absence. 
"Can’t he do something for her genuinely for once? There is always a hidden agenda and some secret motive behind whatever he did." Redmond frowned. "At least, he can count his mate out of his schemes." 
Trion threw his hands up. He chose to join Ethan to hunt down all the street food they couldn’t find in their pack. 
On the other hand, Cane walked behind Iris and Hanna, while the two women were having fun trying many things and were awed to see things they had never seen before. 
Occasionally, Iris would rush toward Cane and let him try the food she thought was delicious. She looked happier and this made the Alpha feel a bit relieved as well. 
Only before the sun set did they finally go to the secret lodge, but they didn’t go through the jewelry store, they chose a different route this time. 
One of the reasons why Cane made them walk in circles through the streets in this city was because he wanted to deceive the people who had been following them. He didn’t know who had sent those people. It could be the King, people from the Red Claw pack or even Prince Kellan. 
Once they arrived at the lodge, Cane took Iris to the second floor to meet with Haco, while Hanna immediately asked Aderan to meet with Will. She had been waiting for this moment and was very nervous to finally meet with him in person after a month. 
Inside the room, Haco was sitting behind a large table, while on top of it were around ten dark magic stones. Iris had felt an ominous feeling from afar, especially with these many stones gathered in one place. 
"What do you want to do with these many dark magic stones?" Iris asked, frowning. She knew Cane had planned something, but she didn’t know the details of it. 
Iris came closer to the table and out of curiosity she picked up one stone and something unexpected happened...
###Chapter 317: THE EXTENT OF HER ABILITY
Chapter 317: THE EXTENT OF HER ABILITY
The stone let out a black wisp, the same wisp that she had seen exuding from Cane’s body. If the black wisp was dark magic, then why did it emanate from the stone when she touched it? 
And as if answering the question, Haco squeaked to see that. "You purified the stone! You purified it of dark magic! How can you do that?!" 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t expect something like this to happen either. He remembered the dark wisp that appeared after what Aria had done to him. She inflicted him with dark magic and that was how it started. 
But then, Iris managed to get rid of the dark wisp only by her touch. Was that what happened? That was how it worked? She purified him? 
"How can you purify it of dark magic?!" Haco grabbed Iris’ hand and looked at her closely, as she winced because he hurt her. "How can you do that? It’s impossible..." he mumbled to himself. "Who are you? There is no way a runt can use magic." 
Iris was way more confused than the sorcerer, since she didn’t know how to answer the question. 
"This didn’t make any sense at all..." Haco muttered to himself. 
Cane stepped forward and swatted Haco’s hand away from Iris, her bruises had just healed, he didn’t want to see her wrist swollen again. "What do you mean she purified it?" 
Haco was mumbling, talking to himself and then explained how magic of the magic users worked. There were three kinds of magic; normal magic performed by the magic users, it only required the magic stone as the fuel to back up their power; black magic by those magic users, who usually used sacrifices, aside from magic stones to get more powerful effect, and lastly, divine power, which only a Serafim could use, as they were born with it. 
That was why what Iris did was unheard of. The dark spells could be neutralized by a sorcerer, if they were on the same level in terms of power, or a Serafim could veto it, but aside from using her divine powers, a ritual was necessary for the Serafim to be able to do that and not just by a single touch! 
The dark magic stone that was planted on Cane, they didn’t know whether it was purified or not, since Iris was the one who took it out. They didn’t have a way to confirm it, because they didn’t have a sorcerer in the pack. 
As for these dark magic stones, Haco used the death of Prince Vemion to create the dark magic. 
"Try it again," Cane said, as he picked one of the stones from the table. He wanted to make sure what happened earlier was not a coincidence. 
On the other hand, Haco took great pains to create those dark magic stones as per Cane’s request, but right now, he couldn’t care less about it either, since he wanted to know more about how Iris could do it. 
Cane put the dark magic stone on his palm and brought it closer to Iris, so she could take it. 
For a moment, Iris looked doubtful, but then she took the stone and the same thing happened. A dark wisp came out of the magic stone and Haco was dumbstruck. 
"She really expelled the black magic..." 
There was silence that ensued inside the room. On the table, there were eight more magic stones suffused with black magic, while the other two had been purified and couldn’t be used anymore. Finally, Cane broke the silence. 
"How will you explain this?" Iris’ ability wouldn’t hinder his plan, he could swing his plan forward with this new finding, but it would be better if he knew more. The unknown could make him make the wrong move. 
"Well, I also want to know how." Haco frowned, thinking deeply about the few ancient scripts he had not read for ages, ever since he was kicked out of the Holy Kingdom, but his memories failed him. 
=============================== 
Hanna immediately looked for Will when Aderan told her where he was. Apparently, Will had been spending his time chopping firewood, though they had enough. 
He didn’t do much and most of the time, he would stay in the lodge. The Alpha must know something because he didn’t give him many tasks aside from compiling all the information and summarizing it for him whenever he visited, so it would save time for Cane. 
Will would spend his time in the woods, shifting to his wolf and only returning when the sun had set, or chopping firewood like what he was doing right now. 
"Will?" Hanna called his name and she could see how his body stiffened upon hearing her voice. He didn’t turn around and continued what he was doing, but his movements became sloppy, until he decided to stop and walk away. 
Not even once, he glanced or turned around to look at Hanna. 
"Did I do something wrong?" Hanna asked, she approached Will, her heart ached so bad to see how he ignored her blatantly like this. "I don’t know what I have done wrong, but at least, can you tell me?" 
Will stopped walking and Hanna put a respective distance between them, she didn’t want to crowd him or give him pressure, she only wanted a little bit of explanation. 
"You did nothing wrong, Hanna." His eyes could find nothing wrong if it was about her, everything about her was beautiful and right. The fault lay in him. "But, I can’t see you now." 
"Why?" Hanna took a step closer. She still remembered how jumpy Will was whenever he was being touched unanticipatedly, thus she didn’t try to reach him. "You can’t see me or you don’t want to see me?" 
Will didn’t answer that, instead, he shifted into his beast and rushed into the woods. Hanna couldn’t take it anymore and shifted into her beast and followed him. If he didn’t want to see her, he needed to tell her straightforwardly instead of running away like this. 
=============================== 
Iris pondered about the dark magic stones that Leros took away. The plan was set and it would be in motion in time, but that was not what Iris had in mind. 
Just like Haco and Cane, she couldn’t wrap her head around the fact she could purify the curse on the magic stone. It was dark magic after all. 
"Are you sure you are a daughter of your parents?" Haco asked with a questioning look. 
They had this conversation for hours, until Cane stopped it, because they only ran in circles with lack of information. There was no question that could be answered. 
After that, Cane talked with Haco about other things, while Iris looked around this room, which had become the sorcerer’s bedroom. 
"Don’t touch that!" Haco said, but Iris couldn’t hear him. Cane immediately took away the little thing in her hand, which looked like a piece of candy. 
"What is that?" Iris blinked her eyes, confused, because all of a sudden Cane snatched it away from her. 
"That is poison," Haco replied, as he took it away from Cane’s hand, but immediately explained when the Alpha glared at him. "You will be fine as long as you don’t eat it."
###Chapter 318: EXCITEMENT IN HER INNOCENT EYES
Chapter 318: EXCITEMENT IN HER INNOCENT EYES
"Why do you make poison that looks like candy? What if someone else ate it?" Iris frowned. She wouldn’t eat it, but someone like Ethan and Redmond, who tended to put anything into their mouths, would surely be tempted. 
Yet, Haco only shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. "Just to pass the time. I am so bored here." 
The frown on Iris’ forehead only deepened. Who would make poison in their free time? But then, this man had his own antics. 
"What if I ate that?" Somehow, Iris was curious. For her, magic was fascinating, but poison was something she was not familiar with, thus it piqued her curiosity. 
"What? Do you want to poison someone? Poison is a better suit for women," Haco teased, but his expression looked so eerie. "You will be sneezing nonstop if you ate it." 
"Is that even poisonous?" From what little information Iris knew about poison, wouldn’t the end result be fatal? 
"One will sneeze and cough up blood until they die." 
Iris grimaced, this sorcerer indeed knew how to keep the best for the last. "Are these poisoned too?" Iris waved her hand on top of the table and watched Haco nod proudly. 
"My latest hobby," he said, as if he was talking about his proud child. 
Iris glanced at the few weird things on the table, there were, at least, fifty items there. In less than three months, he managed to create that many poisonous things. 
She couldn’t fathom what other weird things he would do if he was left to his own devices. 
"Hey, don’t you want to know more about magic?" Haco asked Iris excitedly. 
Meanwhile, Cane listened to their conversation from the side. His bottomless black eyes seemed deep in thought, as he stared at his mate. 
"I am not a magic user." 
"Who knows?" Haco shrugged his shoulders. 
For his question, Iris gave him an indefinite answer, as Cane let her decide on her own what she wanted to do with the offer. 
They didn’t stay for long in the lodge and when Cane was done with his business there, he took Iris back to the orphanage, but before that, he made sure Prince Kellan was not around and Iris was fine with it. 
It was not the orphanage itself that she feared. Actually, she quite enjoyed her time playing with small children there. They would ask her politely to touch her hair and she would happily oblige. 
"Your hair is so soft!" A little girl around the age of eight squealed in delight when she touched Iris’ hair. She was fascinated, as she touched her own hair, which was very disappointing, because hers was so rough and was not at all fluffy. "The color looks like the sky before sunset!" 
The other three children chimed in, complimenting Iris’ hair, while Hanna stood by her missy’s side, but from her expression, it was very clear that something was bothering her. She was smiling, but it didn’t reach her eyes and she was less enthusiastic. 
On the other hand, Cane was talking to Avid, he was in charge of all the warriors he put here, as the warrior gave him a thorough report, but occasionally, his eyes would drift to his mate, as she looked so radiant, smiling at the children and talking to them with passion. 
It had been a while since the last time he saw her smiling that happily and it was a refreshing sight to see. 
"I will go to the palace next month!" Joyce said happily. "Can you please tell me how big the palace is? My sister said the palace is veeeerrry biiiig!" She spread her arms out to show how big she thought it was. She had a round face with freckles on her nose, which looked so cute. 
Meanwhile, the other three children urged Iris to answer them. They became so comfortable with her so fast, as they didn’t shy away from her and one of the little girls at the age of three even climbed on top of Iris’ lap and sat down, while playing with her hair. 
Right now, they were sitting on a bench, while the grass started to sprout on the ground since the snow had melted, though the wind was still a little bit chilly. 
"Yes, the palace is so big and beautiful," Iris said, smiling. "Who will take you to the palace?" 
"Prince Kellan!" Joyce said, her eyes lit up with excitement when she talked about him. "He is my favorite person!" 
Reading what she said, Iris felt like she was having a heart attack. All of a sudden, she was having a hard time breathing, while Joyce continued to talk, unaware of what was wrong with her. 
"My sister already went to the palace two years ago when she turned eight and Prince Kellan said, he will take me to stay in his palace too with my big sis once I turn eight!" Joyce couldn’t stop grinning, while tapping her legs, showing her enthusiasm. "I am so happy to be with my big sis and Prince Kellan is so nice! He said I can eat whatever I want and I can also dress prettily!" 
Iris stopped reading what Joyce was talking about, as she had a flashback. She shuddered and the toddler on her lap squirmed and frowned because Iris held her tightly without her realizing it. 
"Pain..." the baby said, as she tugged Iris’ hair to get her attention. "You are hurting me... " 
It was Hanna, who stood behind Iris, that finally realized what happened, as she shook Iris’ shoulder. "Miss, are you okay?" 
It took a while for Hanna to get Iris snap out of whatever dark thoughts she was thinking at that moment. 
"Take her..." Iris said breathlessly, she clutched at her chest, indicating for Hanna to take the baby on her lap, while the other three children looked at her in confusion. 
"Are you okay?" Joyce asked, she was smart for a kid her age, as she sensed something was wrong with Iris. "Did I say something wrong?" 
Iris shook her head, she stared at her, wanting to say something, but there was no word that came out of her lips. She opened her mouth, but there was no voice, her mind was reeling, but she kept shaking her head. 
Don’t go! 
That was what she wanted to say, but she couldn’t tell her why she shouldn’t go. She was so little and she looked up to Prince Kellan so much, she was very excited to finally have a chance to wear nice things and eat delicious meals. 
The elation in her innocent eyes and how she talked passionately, telling how nice and great a person she thought Prince Kellan was, crushed Iris’ heart. 
Everything was a haze, as she kept shaking her head, until Cane tapped her shoulder. 
"Go and play somewhere," Cane said to the other children, he ruffled the three year old baby’s hair in Hanna’s arms and told them to leave with her. 
"Cane..." Iris whimpered when it was only the two of them. She couldn’t cry, but she was having a hard time breathing, her body turned so cold. 
"Breathe, Iris. Breathe." Cane held her hands and looked her in the eyes.
###Chapter 319: I AM SURE SHE IS PREGNANT!
Chapter 319: I AM SURE SHE IS PREGNANT!
Iris emptied her stomach near a river. In order to calm her down, he took her for a walk on this side of the orphanage. She didn’t have enough time to explore this place the first time she came here. 
Right now, Cane was holding her hair, while waiting for Iris to retch her guts out. Once she felt better, he helped to rinse her mouth. 
Meanwhile, Redmond was standing behind them, holding a glass of warm honey in his hand, as he rambled on and on. 
"She is pregnant! I am sure of it! She has all the signs!" What he meant by her having all the signs was just the fact that Iris kept vomiting. "You need to get her checked by a healer! She is carrying the heir of the two packs!" He said excitedly, but almost noisily. 
He happened to see Iris and Cane leave in this direction, while she looked so ill, thus he followed them here and saw Iris vomiting again. 
Seeing that, of course, Redmond immediately blurted out what he had been holding back all this time. He thought he wanted to wait and find the perfect time to tell Cane about this, but it seemed, there was no such thing, as they were so busy nowadays. 
However, Cane dismissed him out of annoyance and told him to bring warm honey. Redmond did that begrudgingly and didn’t stop nagging when he returned with the ordered glass of warm honey. 
"You must believe me! I have seen pregnant women more than you did. I know the signs!" Redmond was anxious. "You need to confirm it with the healer and don’t ask her to do any hard labor!" 
Cane finally glared at him when he wouldn’t stop. The last sentence irritated him, it sounded like he constantly forced Iris into doing some kind of heavy physical work. 
Seeing the anger in the Alpha’s eyes, Redmond finally shut his mouth, but still grumbled within. He only said what he needed to say! Cane should be thankful for his warning, after all, he needed to get an heir before the two years time limit that King Aeon gave to him. 
Fortunately, Iris couldn’t hear any of Redmond’s nagging monologue. 
Once Iris had rinsed her mouth, Cane beckoned Redmond to come closer and took the glass from him to give it to Iris. She still looked pale, but a little bit calm now. 
Cane then carried Iris to the same room they stayed the last time and called the healer to check on her condition. 
The healer came with Hanna, who looked so worried, she stayed by Iris’ side, while Cane leaned his body against one of the bedposts. 
Redmond only got more and more impatient as he waited. It would be great if Iris could give birth to the first heir of the packs. Her position would be more solid, even if something happened to Cane, she would have her son to support her. 
"She will be fine. She is only tired," the healer said. "I will make a concoction for her." She had checked Iris’ condition before, thus she was pretty familiar with her body. 
"What about the baby?" Redmond blurted out, which made Hanna and the healer frown, while Iris was mortified, she knew what he meant. 
On the other hand, Cane looked unbothered. He called the healer here not for her to check such a thing, but because he couldn’t refuse when Redmond was adamant to know. In the end, it would shut him down, so he could finally stop. 
"Baby?" The healer frowned. 
Hanna looked at Iris and squealed. "Are you pregnant, Miss?" 
"No," Iris said immediately. She really wanted to kick Redmond right now. She threw a dagger look at the warrior, but he simply ignored her. How could this man be so annoying like this? 
"I don’t think she is pregnant," the healer said doubtfully. 
"Check on her again, carefully," Redmond said. "She has been vomiting non stop recently, that’s a sign of pregnancy, right?" 
The healer still looked hesitant, but there was no harm in checking on Iris once again, so she did just that, but after a while, she confirmed Iris was fine, she was only exhausted and there was no sign of pregnancy. 
"Are you sure?" Redmond was slightly agitated. 
"Vomiting is not the only sign of pregnancy," the healer educated Redmond a little bit. "...there are women who don’t." 
Redmond furrowed his brows. He was still in disbelief, not because Iris was not pregnant, but the fact there were women who would not constantly vomit in their early stages of pregnancy. 
"Can you make the concoction now?" Cane finally spoke. 
Out of awkwardness, Hanna cleared her throat and volunteered to go with the healer, while she kept nudging Redmond to go out with her, but the warrior didn’t bother. 
On the other hand, Iris was seething, she still felt weak, but she was enraged. This anger was a little bit unreasonable, it almost like the outburst was the accumulation of her frustration she had pressed down all this time. 
"How dare you!" Iris roared. This was the first time for her to be so angry like this. She got off the bed once Hanna and the healer left the room. 
"Hey, at least we got to know that you are not pregnant! We need to take precautions, right?!" Redmond was being defensive, but he raised his hands up and accepted it when Iris hit him. 
Of course, he didn’t fight back, he barely felt any pain with the way she hit him. 
Meanwhile, Cane watched everything unfold, not expressing any intention to stop his mate. She had been suppressing her feelings for so long, it would be good for her to express her feelings and vent out her anger, instead of tucking them away. Perhaps, that was the reason how Iris managed to force herself to forget some dreadful memories in her past, because she couldn’t let it out and everything was buried deep down with her negative emotions. 
"I told you I am not pregnant!" Iris said, hitting Redmond with her fists. It was not clear who she imagined while hitting him right now. 
"It’s better being safe than sorry, right?!" Redmond retorted. "Hey, Alpha! Why don’t you control your luna here!" He said to Cane, who looked nonchalant. 
Sensing Cane pushing himself away from the bed, Redmond thought he would come to his aid, but instead, he went to the fireplace and grabbed the stoker. "Here, use this. Or else, you will only hurt your hands." 
Of course, there was not even a chance in his dream where Cane would help Redmond instead of Iris, even if his mate was in the wrong. 
He handed the stoker to Iris and advised her to use it. 
"Are you crazy!?" Redmond shrieked. He immediately stopped bickering with Iris and rushed out of the room once noticing that Iris was actually considering Cane’s suggestion. 
By the time Redmond left, Iris started panting. She was sweating and Cane took back the stoker from her hand.
"Does it hurt?" He held her hands and saw her nodding. "Feeling better?" Iris nodded again. 
Cane was right. She felt a little bit better now that she vented her anger on Redmond. 
"Cane..." Iris called his name with grievances. "He wants to take the little girl to the palace... Cane, no, he can’t take her..." she whimpered.
###Chapter 320: IRIS CAME UP WITH SOMETHING
Chapter 320: IRIS CAME UP WITH SOMETHING
Iris didn’t want Kellan to take Joyce with him, because she knew what kind of fate he would make the girl to succumb to. 
"Cane, please. Don’t make him take her away to the palace," Iris cried. 
But Cane said nothing, and waited until she was calm enough. "I can’t promise you anything. There is no definite plan to stop him from taking the girl." 
Right now, there were a lot of things going on, Cane was in the middle of his plot and he had to tread his path carefully. If he did something to prevent Kellan from taking the girl from his own orphanage, something he was used to, it would get his attention and the last thing Cane wanted when he was in the middle of the eye of the storm was to startle the snake in the bushes. 
The risk was too high and there would be a lot at stake if he alerted Kellan he was against him, since he had a long plan ahead of him for that prince. 
"I can’t promise you this." Cane didn’t sugarcoat his words, he explained the risks and what was at stake to her. He didn’t mean to say the girl’s innocence was not important, but they were talking about a whole pack, a whole plot, even their own lives. 
Iris bit her lips so hard, she couldn’t believe there was nothing they could do to save the girl. But, on the other hand, she understood why Cane’s hands were tied in this matter. 
"This is so wrong..." Iris muttered, she felt like she was unable to save herself again and the girl would live through the nightmare that was now haunting her every night. 
"I know." Cane lifted her head and looked her in the eyes, those blue eyes looked so devastated and it bothered him to see how upset she was. "This will not be the last difficult situation you will face if you choose to stay with me." 
Iris knew the meaning behind his words. 
The next three days, Iris kept thinking of a way to help without causing a hindrance to Cane’s plan, but she was not a mastermind like Cane, she knew nothing about making a scheme or even coming up with a great plot. 
Therefore, in those three days, she looked so down while Hanna, who usually was the cheerful one, didn’t look so well either, thus their days inside the bedroom had been very quiet, without Hanna initiating the conversation. 
"Hanna, can children in the orphanage read?" Iris asked all of a sudden one fine afternoon, after they had their lunch. 
"I am not sure, I don’t think so. There are no teachers to teach them how to read." Hanna tried to remember, as she spent a little bit more time around the orphanage than Iris. "No, I don’t think they can read. The big sisters can’t read either because they are lowborn." And because Prince Kellan didn’t arrange for a teacher, there was no way for them to be able to learn how to read, unless they learned it somewhere else. 
Iris lowered her head, she was immersed in her own thoughts. She remembered how Aderan was illiterate as well and every time he sent a report, it would be on a very rare occasion. Most of the time, it would be those spies who would send the report by secret missives. And the report from Aderan would always be composed of symbols. Just one look at it, and Iris would immediately realize it came from him. 
Some warriors were also illiterate. 
Hanna could read because she taught her. Jace and Ethan could write and read because they were highborn in the Howling Wolf pack, while Will came from a prestigious family, back in the day when Cane’s father was still the Alpha. 
But, Trion, Avid and the rest of the warriors... she didn’t think they could read. 
"Hanna, do you know where Cane is right now?" Iris asked. She looked a little bit more energetic since she got something on her mind and wanted to talk about this with Cane right away. This definitely wouldn’t cause a ripple in his plans. 
"Wait, I will ask around," Hanna said and she stood up, but Iris held her hand. 
"Let’s go together." Iris had locked herself inside this bedroom for days, she needed to go out to get some fresh air. 
Iris decided it would be better for her to find Cane by herself, because it would save them time, but when they were about to go to the strategy room, where Cane was talking with the King, Iris bumped into Laluna instead. She too seemed to be heading to the throne room. 
"Luna Iris!" Laluna called for her, while four maidservants walked with her. She was heavily pregnant and due within two weeks. 
"Princess Laluna," Iris greeted her back, as she nodded at her politely and Hanna stepped back, lowering her head. 
"It’s so nice to see you!" Laluna said and proceeded to hug Iris. She could feel her swollen belly. "I heard you have been sick for days, I am sorry I couldn’t make time to see you. Everything is very chaotic," she said with a sad expression. 
"Thank you, Princess. I am fine now, you shouldn’t be worried about me." Iris was sure she was not worried in the slightest about her condition and her hunch was proven right. 
"Don’t be like that, I enjoyed our time together, that’s why I came here to see you," she said smoothly and eventually took Iris’ hand to walk her back to the King’s palace, toward a different direction from Iris heading. "Will you walk with me for a while?" 
"Of course, My Princess." There was no way she would turn her down. 
At first, Laluna started to talk about trivial matters, as they walked in the hallway, where they saw that the snow had completely melted and the grass started sprouting again, as if nature came back to life. 
But then, Iris realized where this conversation was going and what Laluna’s intention was to come over. 
"Alpha Cane must be busy nowadays," Laluna said, once again, their conversation ended up with talking about her mate. 
Currently, Laluna was sitting on the stone bench, while staring at the vast garden in front of them. 
"Yes, my mate is very busy," Iris replied. 
"I came here to tell him something important from Sir Dwan," Laluna said, lowering her voice. Koda Dwan was the former beta of the Red Claw pack and also Prince Vemion’s grandfather. "Can I see him? This is very important." 
Laluna was talking in a roundabout manner, if this was really important, she wouldn’t take a leisurely walk with her first before sitting here comfortably. 
Why would these women turn into personal messengers for men around them? Iris was irritated, first it was Nala and now Laluna joined the fray as well. 
Iris was not familiar with this kind of thing, but she was sure Koda wouldn’t send his pregnant granddaughter in law to deliver the message. 
"I will make sure my mate knows about this. Actually, I was about to meet with him." Iris then added with concern in her eyes. "Since it is very important, I will take my leave now."
###Chapter 321: THE EXTENT OF CANE’S CRAFTINESS
Chapter 321: THE EXTENT OF CANE’S CRAFTINESS
"I can come with you!" Laluna said immediately when she saw Iris had stood up and was about to leave. She didn’t even wait for her response when she said she would find Cane and deliver the message. 
"My Princess, it will be very inconvenient for you to come along with me, because my mate is in the strategy room and the place is a little bit far from here. Moreover, I am about to leave to see him." Iris smiled softly at the Princess, looking so innocent and genuinely concerned about Laluna’s condition right now. She was pregnant after all, thus it wouldn’t be wise to ask her to go around delivering messages. "You don’t need to worry, I will make sure my mate gets your message." 
Laluna opened her mouth, but she closed it again, because if she said more than this, it would be seen as herself being very adamant to meet with Cane. Though some part of it was true, she couldn’t make it very obvious in front of her ladies, especially for Iris to notice it. 
In the end, she could only swallow down her protest and put on a gentle smile. "Thank you, Luna Iris." 
"You don’t need to mention it, Princess Laluna. I am sure you are very worried about your mate." Iris felt bad about talking about Prince Vemion with Princess Laluna this way, since she knew the Prince would never return again, at least, not with his life intact... 
"Yes, I am." Laluna’s expression looked complicated, but Iris didn’t want to bother anymore. 
"In that case, I will take my leave." Iris nodded politely at the Princess and walked a little bit faster. She didn’t want Laluna to change her mind and call her back to ride with her in the carriage. 
At the same time, Iris was still unsure what was in Cane’s mind by not revealing Prince Vemion’s body until now. The tension in the palace was so high and he was in a difficult position because it appeared as if he didn’t make any progress, though he had the King’s golden stamp and was appointed as the King’s special emissary. 
It didn’t take long before Iris arrived at the warrior building, where they needed to get a thorough check done first before they could enter, because this majestic building was the concentrate of all the warrior’s activities. 
As such, without permission from the people concerned, they were not allowed to get close to the strategy room. Iris didn’t know about this, nor did Hanna. 
"Just wait for a moment, Miss, I will ask around," Hanna said, as she jumped out of the carriage, leaving Iris alone for almost half an hour before she returned with a smile on her face. "Don’t worry, all we need is to wait for the Alpha now." 
Iris furrowed her brows slightly, she tilted her head to look at her with a questioning look. "What have you done?" 
Hanna chuckled and her sad eyes finally glowed with mischievousness. "I asked the guard to let the Alpha know that you are waiting here once he got out of the strategy room." 
"How can you believe the guard will let Cane know?" 
Hanna shrugged her shoulders nonchalantly, as she grinned. "I bribed him with one gold coin." 
"You bribed him?" Iris was shocked. "Where did you get the money from?" 
"I got the money from the Alpha and Ethan taught me how and what to say when I need a favor from those guards." 
Apparently, Cane gave her enough money to pull this dirty trick and of course, the Alpha wouldn’t waste his time to teach Hanna, thus the task should have been delegated to Will, but since Will was not here, it must be Ethan, who helped her to get a better grasp over the political storm that was brewing inside the palace and how to be sneaky enough to gather information from the servants, since women tended to love gossiping. 
Connecting all of that, Iris was even more shocked. She knew Cane used people around him, but he really didn’t spare anyone... Was this one of the reasons why he allowed Hanna to come along? Not only to help Iris and accompany her in this unfamiliar environment, but because he saw that Hanna was useful? 
With her personality and how well she blended with people around her, she would get tidbits of information from those gossipy maidservants, something that the warriors wouldn’t talk about, nor would they be able to find out. 
After all, the royals really looked down on lowborn people to the point they didn’t see their existence as a creature with intelligence. Sometimes, they would reveal a secret or two in their presence without them noticing it and of course, such information would be a topic for gossip, such as; who had an affair with who to what dirty things those royals had done. 
"So, you have been passing information to Cane?" Iris’ jaw dropped. Hanna had never mentioned this. 
"No, I am just talking to Ethan about what I heard and the latest gossip among the servants," Hanna said cheekily and then grinned. "You know what? The Gamma loves to hear gossip too, just like girls." 
At this point, Iris didn’t know whether she had to laugh or cry, because how could Hanna not have any idea? The time when she thought she was gossiping with Ethan was the same time the Gamma got the information from her to be delivered to Cane. 
Iris didn’t believe this, they even tricked Hanna smoothly, but there was some truth to what she said. Ethan indeed loved to gossip! He must enjoy this kind of task immensely. 
As for Cane, Iris didn’t know whether she had to be upset or admire him. She had known for quite a while that he wouldn’t do anything without an ulterior motive, but to see to what extent he had done things was really an eye- opener of how cunning he was. 
At this rate, Iris wondered how many things Cane had learned and known. She really wanted to know what kind of plan he had in his mind, but she didn’t think he would explain everything to her. 
It took around two hours of waiting for Cane to finally show up. During that time, Hanna had been very quiet, while Iris was reading some book. She had tried to ask her what happened when she met with Will, but Hanna would always smile and say something along the lines; he will be fine, he just needs time to be alone for a while. 
"Ah, the Alpha is here." Hanna raised her head and nudged Iris. After that, she walked out of the carriage and not long after that, Iris saw Cane entering the carriage. 
"Is there something you want to talk about?" Cane asked, he sat across from Iris and noticed she was reading a book about the Holy Kingdom. Iris didn’t go to the library, because she liked to spend her time inside her bedroom or around the garden nearby, in case she encountered members from the royal family and asked Hanna to get the book she wanted to read instead. 
"I want to start going to the orphanage regularly." 
This came out as a surprise for Cane. "You are aware you may bump into Kellan there, right?"
###Chapter 322: THE WHITE DAGGER
Chapter 322: THE WHITE DAGGER
This came out as a surprise for Cane. "You are aware you may bump into Kellan there, right? You don’t need to go if you don’t want to." 
After learning what happened, Cane improvised his plan around Iris and settled on an alternative way to get the public sympathy, thus for Iris to go to the orphanage regularly was not necessary. 
"I know. I will go there when he is not there." Iris flinched when she heard his name being mentioned and this subtle reaction didn’t go unnoticed by Cane. 
"He spends five to six days in the orphanage in a week. How do you plan to pay the children regular visits while avoiding him?" 
Iris was surprised to read that revelation. She guessed Prince Kellan visited the orphanage often, but not that often... he practically lived there and this made Iris feel even more uncomfortable. How many children did he... 
Iris gritted her teeth, as she clutched her dress tightly, her body tensed up. 
Cane stared at his mate for a long moment, but when she didn’t say anything, he pinched her chin and lifted her head, so she could read his question. "You have a plan in your mind?" 
"It’s not really a plan," Iris said in a small voice. She couldn’t help but compare her measly plan with Cane’s grand ones and felt dejected. 
"Let me hear it then." 
Iris pursed her lips. "Don’t laugh." 
"Why would I?" 
Iris couldn’t answer that. The only thing she knew was that she was embarrassed. "I want to teach the children how to read and write." 
"Mm." Cane prodded further for her to talk, because he couldn’t see the need for Iris to teach those children how to read and write, but he wasn’t completely against it, he needed more context on what Iris was going to do. 
"I want them to be able to exchange letters with me," Iris said. "We will not stay here forever, right? So, when we return to the Howling Wolf pack, I want to still be in contact with them." 
This idea sounded very trivial, but in the future, it would help them tremendously, even Cane failed to see it, because right now, the Alpha’s main focus was to get the public sympathy and his mate teaching those children such precious things would look good. 
Lowborn people didn’t get enough education, almost all of them were illiterate because writing and reading were two things that were exclusively reserved for the highborns alone. 
Since they needed to trade with other people, they could do calculations. Other than that, their knowledge was very limited. They could always be deceived because they were not well educated. 
Cane contemplated this. "What about Kellan?" He intentionally mentioned his name, knowing how uncomfortable Iris would be. If she couldn’t even handle the mention of his name, she shouldn’t think about meeting him in person at all. 
Once again, Iris flinched. She fiddled with her fingers. "Can’t you take him away?" 
"Do you want me to kidnap him?" There was amusement in Cane’s eyes when he heard that. He knew Iris was not serious with her request, it was almost like a passing comment and she realized it was impossible. 
Iris pursed her lips. "He is already crippled, it will not be difficult for you to do so." There was a hint of hatefulness when she mentioned Kellan’s disability. "You can take him down easily." 
"He is already crippled, you will be able to take him down easily yourself." Cane fished out something from his cloak and put it in her hand. "From what I heard, he can’t shift into his beast." 
Iris lowered her head and saw the dagger. This was the same white dagger that Cane gave her the night he told her to stab him if he did something that would hurt her. 
However, she handed it back to him, because she didn’t want to do that and be blamed for hurting the Alpha. His people would raise hell if they learned Iris had hurt Cane, unintentional or not 
Seeing the dagger, Iris was about to retract her hand, but Cane held it firmly. 
"I don’t know how to use it," Iris said honestly. She had never even hurt a fly, let alone stabbing someone. 
"For protection," Cane said curtly. When you were hard pressed and in a precarious situation, your survival instinct would kick in and you would do anything to survive, thus it would be better to have something handy in your possession than nothing at all. "I will teach you how." 
As a shifter, using daggers was not common, Cane was not great with weapons either, since he himself was a weapon, but he knew a few tricks. 
"Okay." Iris nodded. She trusted him. 
"You have not yet answered my question, what will you do when he is around?" 
"I... I will face him," Iris said hesitantly, without any confidence at all. 
Cane caressed her cheek and rubbed her earlobe, which made her squirm. She held his hand away from her ear to stop him. 
"Going into a battle without two plans, it’s the same as suicide." Two plans. Cane was talking about a back up plan. "You must learn that." 
Iris became anxious when she saw how serious Cane was, but she looked at him attentively. 
"When the time comes and you have to stain your hands with blood to survive, do it. The survivors can invent stories of how they lived and the dead cannot refute that statement." What Cane wanted Iris to learn was; as long as you were alive, it didn’t matter what the truth behind the dead was, because stories could be fabricated. "Remember that." 
Cane didn’t want her to be so clueless and na?ve, though he adored her kindness, she needed to know what she must do and not to survive. Kindness was a good trait, but it was not necessary in this case, especially if it was more than needed. 
You needed to be able to draw a clear line between being kind and being a fool. 
"Understood?" Cane squeezed her hand that held his. 
"Understood." Iris nodded, albeit herself still trying to grasp the meaning behind his words, she scraped the surface of what he wanted her to do. "Oh, right. Earlier, Princess Laluna came and she said, Sir Dwan wanted to see you." 
A crafty look flitted past his dark eyes when he heard that. "Okay." 
Cane was about to leave, but then Iris held his hand to stop him. "Will you come back for dinner?" She got used to having dinner with him, but recently, he had been very busy. She missed him, but she didn’t want to appear too clingy with him. 
"I don’t think I can manage for dinner." 
"Oh." 
Cane saw how disappointed Iris looked, he hoped she didn’t make it very clear for anyone else to see her emotions, but then, he liked this side of her. He didn’t want to corrupt her, but then the way she took the world needed to change, as it didn’t suit what would come their way later. 
"But, I will stay for breakfast tomorrow," Cane added, as he kissed her hand that held his. "I need to leave now." He had made a few people wait because he came here to see her first.
###Chapter 323: DEPARTURE
Chapter 323: DEPARTURE
The kiss on her hand made Iris blush, as she nodded absentmindedly. It was either because of the way he kissed her hand, or how happy she was to have breakfast with him tomorrow. She was already looking forward to it. 
After their brief conversation inside the carriage, Cane had to return to attend another meeting before he met with Koda. 
It was already late at night and they met at the East gate. This was the exit that Cane usually used to get out of the palace through a secret door, since the guards there were his father’s people in the past. 
Koda was wearing a thick black cloak and hoodie, which covered his entire face and hid his identity, but of course, Cane knew it was him. Disguising his appearance didn’t help hide his scent. 
"When will it happen?" Koda cut straight to the main topic once he saw Cane approaching him. He didn’t waste his time and his voice was filled with tension. 
"This is a delicate plan, you can’t be careless." Cane didn’t even bother to hide himself, though he was on the King’s turf. He knew his men and he knew what he needed to do. 
"I need to make sure that the bastard crown prince will pay for what he has done and my great grandson will be crowned as the next king," Koda hissed. He looked around, just in case someone was listening. 
It was unclear what Cane said to him when he handed Princess Osana’s ring to him, but Koda was under the impression the Crown Prince was part of the reason why Prince Vemion had been taken away by the lycan. He was sure his grandson had died by now and he wanted his great grandson to be the next crown prince, though nobody knew what gender the baby that Laluna carrying would assume. 
Vemion wouldn’t have a chance, but his great grandchild would have the whole Red Claw pack as his support and with the facts that would unfold later, they could use it as a leverage to press down the King. 
"You will get what you want." Cane didn’t talk much as usual. 
Koda narrowed his eyes. "What do you get from this?" He took a step closer to look at the young alpha intensely. "You gain nothing from this." 
Cane looked at the old man with the same intensity. "Revenge." 
The word was simple, but it carried a lot of weight, and was strong enough to make Koda believe him. After all, you would be so gullible if you thought the King didn’t have a role in the fall of the Howling Wolf pack a decade ago. 
And for someone like them, the concept of revenge was way more believable than anything else. 
They talked about a few more details of what would happen and Cane gave him a cursory description of what he needed to do and what to feed the Alpha of the Red Claw pack. Albeit, Koda no longer being the Beta of the pack, he was still a trusted and respected man in the eyes of the current alpha. 
"I will meet you again in a few days. Be prepared to get out of the city." 
Cane left with that statement and went straight to his bedroom. It was only three hours before morning came, which meant he only had those precious three hours to be with his mate. 
Once he was inside the bedroom, he saw how Iris slept on the couch, seemingly trying to stay awake, so she could meet him before bed, but unfortunately, she slept like a baby when she was tired. She literally could sleep anywhere without problems. 
Recently, her nightmares had reduced to a great extent and she could sleep better. 
Gently, Cane carried her to the bed and tucked her in before he cleaned himself and got ready for the bed. He pulled her closer and fell asleep almost immediately. Her body was so soft and she felt right in his arms. Her curls felt so soft, as Cane tangled them between his fingers. Feeling the softness of her hair. 
The next day, during their breakfast, Cane told Iris that he would go away for more than a week. 
"Where?" Iris asked. She stopped eating when she read that. 
"Ash city and Drein city." It would take at least two days to reach those cities each. "The scouts said they got clues on the lycan’s whereabouts." 
Iris pursed her lips, while Cane simply pretended he didn’t see that. 
She didn’t believe it. If she didn’t know any better, she would believe what he said. What clues? That must be Leros spreading rumors and misleading those poor scouts, since those scouts were under Leon Dmitri’s, Nala’s father, control who would appear more believable in the eyes of the King. 
"You will not take me with you, will you?" 
"I will not take you with me, yes." 
Iris shouldn’t feel dejected when she read Cane’s answer, because she realized she wouldn’t be much of a help if she tagged along, more so, it would make Cane look funny if he brought his mate with him on this mission. 
"More than a week..." Iris mumbled, as she munched on her meal slowly. She lost her appetite. 
She had gotten used to Cane being around her and even when they only had less than an hour to meet or just saw each other in the morning most of the days, she knew he was nearby and she didn’t realize how reassuring and comfortable it was until Cane told her he would be away for a few days. 
It would be their first time parting ways for such a long time since they arrived in the capital city. 
"What about the new moon?" Iris just remembered this. Somehow, she felt thrilled to realize Cane needed her to be with him during the new moon. 
"I will return before that." 
"Okay." 
New moon. The only time Iris knew he would be with her. 
And with that, the next day, the entourage had gathered. Cane would go to the nearby cities with a few royal warriors, Koda and a few warriors from the Red Claw pack, continuing his pretense to look for Prince Vemion and give assurance to the people that the lycan would be caught, without them knowing he was the lycan itself. 
This morning, Iris went to the main gates to accompany Cane and wish him a safe journey, since he would be away for a long time. As for Hanna, once she knew Will would come to the palace to take part in preparations, she tagged along with Iris, but it seemed, there was nothing she could do, aside from staring at him from afar. 
"Be safe..." Iris said to Cane, she looked around and realized he was only taking Will and Aderan with him, while he sent the rest of the warriors to the palace or in the orphanage. 
On the other hand, Hanna had been stealing peeks at Will, but the man didn’t look at her way at all. Their last meeting didn’t end well and she couldn’t catch up with Will in his beast form. There was no way she could outrun a warrior like him. 
Even from afar, Hanna could tell how gloomy he was, the aura around him was so dark, as if he would snap at any given second now.
###Chapter 324: SHE MISSED HIM ALREADY
Chapter 324: SHE MISSED HIM ALREADY
It hurt Hanna to see how Will didn’t even want to look at her at all. She felt so hurt and really wanted to have a conversation with him, but she knew it wouldn’t be a good idea. 
Therefore, she chose not to approach him. Maybe, he just needed more time for himself to sort out whatever feelings he had. She had been asking about what happened to Will, but no one knew. 
Iris even had tried to bring up this topic with the Alpha, but Cane shut down the question, leaving no room for discussion just saying; he will come around, just give him time. 
With that, what Hanna could do was wait for him. 
"Stay in the orphanage." Cane kissed Iris’ cheek when he said that. The onlookers would say it was a sweet gesture, but the Alpha was actually telling her a few important things. "Keep it with you." 
Iris nodded. She kept the dagger close to her and she would always bring it with her since Cane was going to the other cities, which were a little bit far from the capital city. It would take him more than a week to return. 
However, what left Iris dumbstruck was the fact Cane managed to drag Prince Kellan along with him. She was not sure what Cane said to the Prince, but when she saw him from afar, she could see how reluctant the Prince looked to follow this small entourage. It was not convenient for him in his condition to travel far and because of that as well, he couldn’t bring the two girls with him. They were left in his palace. 
"What did you tell him?" Iris asked in a voice so low Cane almost missed the question. They were still very close, her lips were brushing his ear. 
Cane only straightened himself and brushed her bangs, as he kissed her cheek one more time before he mounted his horse, ready to leave when he spotted Prince Kellan was about to walk toward them and greet his mate. 
Seeing this, the Prince signaled his warriors to carry him into a spacious carriage and they were too ready to depart. 
Iris stood there for a long time, until she couldn’t see the last warrior, so did Hanna, she waited for Will to at least turn around or glance her way, yet he did neither of that. He looked like he was deep in thought and the look of his back was so lonely. 
"Miss, let’s go inside." Hanna nudged Iris, her heart constricted to see how Will ignored her. 
============================== 
Time passed and it was already five days since Cane left and Iris had been staying in the orphanage, teaching the children above the age of seven how to read and write, so they could teach the other younger children when Iris was not around. 
However, Iris paid special attention to Joyce, she wanted her to be able to read and write as soon as possible. 
Actually, Iris wanted to summon the children from Kellan’s palace as well, but without the Prince there, no one was allowed to enter his residence and she didn’t want to make them suspicious of her, thus she let it go and thought; since Prince Kellan was not around, they would be fine at the moment. 
"Missy, look at this lizard, don’t you think the color had turned so red?" Hanna caressed the little lizard’s head that was not so little anymore. 
"Hm?" Iris paid close attention to this little creature, which was now the size of her palm. Cane had told her not to show it to anyone else, thus she didn’t take it out of the room and now that she spent most of her time in the orphanage, she brought this lizard with her as well. 
Right now, the color of this lizard was almost the same as the color of the fire in the fireplace. If this creature stood next to the fire, it would take a second look for them to notice it. 
The weather had become warm, but Iris still needed the fireplace to keep herself warm, because it was still too cold for her without it. 
"There is a silver strip on its front legs." Iris traced the silver strip on the lizard with her finger, while Hanna fed it. 
In the past five days, Iris had been very busy with teaching the children and from what she learned from Hanna, people started seeing her in a good light, which made Iris very happy, because she knew it was Cane’s intention to win the people’s hearts, thus knowing she could help him, she felt elated. 
Iris was happy with what she was doing and more so, because people appreciated her effort, but no matter how busy she was, her mind would slip to him again and again. She missed him. 
Sometimes, Iris would fall deep in thought, thinking whether Cane felt the same as her or not. The mate bond between them completely threw her off guard, since Iris didn’t think she could miss Cane this much.
And every night, she would have trouble falling asleep. Her nightmares lurked in the corner of her mind and she would wake up in the middle of the night to find herself alone. 
"No, you read this as ’danger’," Iris said, correcting Joyce. The little girl was very enthusiastic to learn. She was a fast learner and after six days of studying under Iris’ tutelage, she was already able to write and read, though she would stumble when she found difficult words, but overall, she was a bright little girl. "Okay, I think it’s enough for today." 
Iris caressed Joyce’s head and sent her off to play with the other children after finishing her private lesson with her. Iris’ reason was; Joyce would enter the palace soon and that place was so huge, thus they could exchange letters. It didn’t make sense, but no one would question her. 
"Do you want to learn how to read as well?" Iris asked Trion, who had been paying attention to her and Joyce. Sometimes, she would catch him flipping through the books, trying to figure out what the words there were. 
"No. There is no need for me to learn," Trion said, the tips of his ears turned red when he was caught staring at the book. 
"Why not?" 
"I am not a spy, my position is also not very important to learn how to read and write." 
"I don’t think so," Iris said, she wanted to help Cane in any way she could, and helping his men would help him too, right? "How many warriors are illiterate?" 
Trion frowned, but he counted the people he knew as lowborn like him. "Here, there are seven of them." 
Since there were eight warriors that were placed in the orphanage, it meant only one of them could actually read and write. 
"Avid can read, because his father was a personal guard for the Alpha and he received a little bit of education." 
Iris remembered Avid. He was not around her so much, but she still remembered what happened to his family and how he apologized to her in the inn for how he treated her in the tent. 
"Why don’t you call them all here?"
###Chapter 325: ENTHUSIASM IN THEIR EYES
Chapter 325: ENTHUSIASM IN THEIR EYES
There were seven warriors around Iris, including Trion, listening to her attentively, as their luna taught them how to recognize the alphabets of the Ogregon language. They were already intelligent to begin with, thus it was not difficult to teach them, as they learned pretty fast. 
Those seven warriors looked very enthusiastic to learn something that could only be learned by the highborns and members of those privileged families exclusively. 
On the side, Avid watched his fellow warriors study diligently. It had never crossed his mind that their luna, the very daughter of Alpha Gerald, would do this for them. She went extra lengths just to teach the children and lowborn warriors. 
Someone of a high position like hers shouldn’t be bothered, but here she was, being very patient while answering every single one of the questions the warriors asked. 
Though the Luna was not alone and Hanna was helping her, still, it was her idea to get them a better education. 
As for Avid, he never thought of teaching his fellow warriors because they had never asked, as they were under the impression that it was not necessary for them to learn such things, more so, they had more important things to do and had no time for this. 
As it turned out, they really liked learning new things, especially now when they didn’t have many things to do, since Prince Kellan was not around and they didn’t need to keep their eyes on his movements. 
Avid felt bad for how he treated the Luna the first time they met. It was also the time he was badly injured and she took the pain to take care of someone like him. He felt so bad remembering how badly he had yelled at her, more so, what happened to her after that. 
The Luna had forgiven him, but the regret would be forever engraved in his heart. He chuckled when he saw Trion trying to read, for the first time, a paragraph in the book Iris brought with her. Trion stumbled with words, but finished it nicely, there was a satisfied smile on the warrior’s lips, as he looked so proud of himself and Iris clapped her hands to show him her appreciation. 
The other six warriors became a little bit competitive, which looked so silly in Avid’s eyes, since he used to see them brawling with each other as they competed on who would look better, but right now, they couldn’t be aggressive in front of the Luna. 
However, when Avid was enjoying the sight, he suddenly sensed someone walking closer, more so, he felt a monster nearby. Apparently, it was not only him, because soon after, all the seven warriors around Iris stood up and created a defensive line in front of their luna. 
Iris was confused with the sudden tension, she looked at Hanna, who was standing next to her. 
"There is someone coming and also a monster." 
"A monster?" Iris furrowed her brows. She tiptoed to look over the warriors’ shoulders, as they were very tall and literally covered her existence completely. 
But then, in the distance, she saw what kind of monster that made these warriors look so worked up. The monster in question waddled toward them lazily, as if it was already an effort for this creature to move its big butt. Its fur was as white as the snow and its tongue lulled to the side of its muzzle. 
Lil Thing walked toward the hostile warriors without any sense of danger at all, as the eight of them growled at this creature in warning. Yet, it looked dumb and had no sense of awareness whatsoever of its surroundings. 
Trion and two other warriors were ready to shift into their beasts, as Lil Thing came closer, but Iris stopped them. 
"It’s okay, I know this creature," Iris said, as she tried to squeeze her body out of their protection barrier. 
"You shouldn’t approach the creature, Luna!" Avid said, as he stood between Iris and the white bear, which looked so excited to see its favorite human. 
"It’s okay, I have already met this creature a few times now," Iris told Avid to back away. 
Hanna came to Iris’ side, as she asked her missy after nudging her to get her attention. "Is that Lil Thing you have talked about?" She saw the creature for the first time when Lou brought it to the orphanage not so long ago. 
"Yes." Iris nodded and walked closer to the white bear, but Avid still stayed close to her, ready to take action if this monster turned violent. 
"There is nothing little about this creature." Hanna frowned, this beast was easily twice her height when it stood on its hind legs, the size alone was thrice if not four times her size. 
Iris chuckled and walked closer to Lil Thing and extended her hand, but Avid immediately held her back. "What are you doing? It is a monster! I know this monster belongs to that merchant, but it is still a monster." 
Avid and Trion went with them to the black market, but they stayed in a town nearby and didn’t go to the black market. Thus, they didn’t really know about Lil Thing and this was the first time for them to see the creature, since they were not here when Lou came with Lil Thing the last time. 
"It’s okay. Its size is a little bit intimidating, but Lil Thing is as good as a puppy." Iris smiled and pushed his hand away, as she walked closer to Lil Thing, which lowered its head and let her caress its muzzle. 
All of them stood dumbstruck to see how easily their luna moved around this monster. 
"I think we will continue our lesson tomorrow," Iris said, as she turned around to look at the warriors behind her, who still looked so concerned over the proximity between her and this huge furball. "I will see you again tomorrow, okay? You can leave now." 
Reluctantly, they went back to their own posts, but Avid and Trion stayed with their luna and Hanna, since this creature was still nearby and they saw it as a threat. 
"Why is this creature here?" Hanna asked, she caressed its soft fur and it showed its belly. Iris was right, this creature acted like a puppy. "If this creature is here, the merchant must be around too, right?" 
As if answering Hanna’s question, Lou appeared not so long after. He looked worried, but then sighed in relief when he saw Lil Thing. 
"I have looked for you everywhere!" He cried, as he approached his pet. "Where have you been? Why are you wandering off on your own?" 
Seeing this bad acting that the merchant displayed to them, Trion and Avid scoffed, but it was actually Hanna who spoke first. 
"What do you mean you have been looking for this white bear? You have been standing there, since the beginning," Hanna said fiercely, as she pointed to the spot where Lou had been hiding waiting for a good time to appear, so it would look like he entered the orphanage not because of his own will. 
Lou cleared his throat, he thought he had stood far enough for them to be able to detect his scent. "How are you, Iris? It has been a long time!" He smiled brilliantly.
###Chapter 326: THE LUNA WANTS TO SEE YOU
Chapter 326: THE LUNA WANTS TO SEE YOU
Iris looked at Lou, smiling politely at him, as she fished out a magic stone from her pocket. Cane gave her some before he went. She then gave the magic stone to Lil Thing, which munched on it happily, just like a puppy when it got a treat. 
"I don’t think you are allowed here, Sir," Avid said, as he stepped forward and stood in front of Iris. 
"Of course, I am allowed to be here. I am here under the command of the King. My project to create the magical devices involves this orphanage as well. If you have any ions, you can complain to the King himself," Lou said smugly. Not all what he said was a lie, but that was not fully true either. 
"You create magic devices to prevent monsters from coming closer, but why are you walking around with one?" Trion pointed to the white bear. 
"Lil Thing is not a monster, Lil Thing is my pet," Lou said, looking offended on behalf of his cute pet. 
Trion scoffed disdainfully to see the merchant’s antics. "This is not a place where you can bring a monster as you like. There are a lot of children here. It’s not safe for them." 
"Oh, please," Lou sighed dramatically. "Can’t you see how adorable my pet is? Lil Thing has a soft spot for children and children love it." Lou grinned. He pointed his finger at the children who had been following him and the white bear around, waiting for him to give them permission to touch Lil Thing again like the last time. 
Knowing this white bear wouldn’t hurt the children, Iris took the initiative to call them over, at which they rushed toward them, chirping happily to touch Lil Thing that was currently busy enjoying the magic stone. It let them climb on top of its body without so much of a retaliation whatsoever. 
Seeing this, Avid and Trion’s lips twitched. What kind of creature was this white bear? It was too friendly to be called a monster. 
Meanwhile, Iris and Hanna swiftly left as the children started a fuss to climb on top of Lil Thing and nuzzle its thick fur. 
Above them, the sun was almost set and the sky already assumed the color of red. Though the weather was slightly warmer and the wind was not so cold, Iris would prefer to sit near the fireplace to warm her body. 
"Hey, where are you going? We have not had any conversation yet!" Lou said loudly, as he tried to go after Iris, but Avid and Trion immediately barred him from walking closer to their luna. 
"Sir, our luna is very tired, you need to leave her alone, she needs to rest," Avid said sternly, while Trion looked at the merchant unhappily. It was clear to see that this man had come here with the intention of getting close to their luna and from what he heard, this man had tried this kind of trick a few times already. He would make sure all the warriors knew about this, so they could take necessary precautions against this merchant. 
"I am sure she will be able to handle a few minutes of conversation with me," Lou was adamant. Seeing how Iris walked further and further away with her maid, he really wanted to knock off these warriors, but he couldn’t afford to make a scene here. 
"Leave our luna alone, Sir, she needs to rest, her physic is not so strong," Trion said and this made Lou click his tongue. 
Why were they using almost the same excuse as their alpha? At this point, didn’t they realize they were overusing it? 
Meanwhile, Iris was unable to hear the commotion behind her, nor did she turn around to find out what was happening. Trion and Avid would be more than capable of handling Lou, and Hanna didn’t even bother to tell her missy. 
A week passed uneventfully while Iris spent her days waiting for Cane to return, but it seemed he needed more time to be away, while the new moon would be in five days from now. Iris was worried he wouldn’t make it back before it happened. She dreaded the possibility of the lycan running rampant if Cane couldn’t control the cursed beast. It was also still a mystery how Iris could appease the lycan. 
"Is there still no news?" Iris asked Trion at the end of their study session. Each warrior had a book in their hands that they would need to read in order for them to practice, because Iris would ask them questions later. Not only that, she also gave them homework, so they could self- practice in their spare time. 
"They still can’t find any clue on the lycan and people from Red Claw pack were adamant for them to stay for another day, so they can look around the area more thoroughly," Trion let Iris know, while Ethan pretended not to hear that. 
Trion didn’t know about the fact their alpha was the lycan himself, thus it sounded a little bit silly for him to hold this information and watch how distressful the other warriors were on behalf of their alpha. The Gamma actually felt bad letting them have such unnecessary concerns. 
"Oh, okay..." Iris was looking for the news about Cane’s return, but it seemed, it wouldn’t happen anytime soon. She had been very quiet when she was not teaching them or playing with the children. 
As for Lou, after what happened the other day, the warriors made sure to stay with their luna round the clock, keeping the merchant away from her every time he came to visit again. Luo would always find the Luna busy teaching the children, or her being surrounded by the warriors when she taught them, which left Lou with no room to talk to her. 
He only complained how she was wasting her time by teaching lowborn people like the warriors how to read and write. All the warriors like them only needed to know how to fight well in battle, which made all of them growl and glare at the merchant dangerously. 
Knowing he wouldn’t have a chance to have a private conversation with Iris even when Cane was not around, Lou gave up and stopped coming to the orphanage altogether. 
Post that, two days passed in a jiffy, and it was only three days before the new moon. Iris was worried sick that Cane had not yet returned, while Ethan was trying to find more information over what delayed them.
Only on the next day, they heard about the fact that the Alpha, Koda and a few warriors from the Red Claw pack were actually already in the capital city and they went straight to the palace, because the King demanded their immediate presence. 
"I think our line of communication has been intercepted," Ethan said with a trace of annoyance in his voice. "It must be the King who had done this," he grumbled. 
"I want to go back to the palace," Iris said. She too left the palace as soon as Cane departed. 
However, inside the palace, even before Iris arrived, Cane got news his mate had been waiting for him in their chamber. 
"The Luna wants to see you, Alpha Cane," one of the guards approached Cane once he walked out of the King’s study room.
###Chapter 327: SOMETHING WAS NOT RIGHT
Chapter 327: SOMETHING WAS NOT RIGHT
It was so hectic in the past three days. The scouts found more and more false clues about the lycan’s whereabouts, even though some of those clues were not the ones Cane had prepared for them. It seemed those scouts were desperate to find anything that could lead them to the lycan, thus they tossed in everything together that they thought could be a clue to find the creature, which led them astray from their main purpose. 
Not to mention Prince Kellan basked himself in the attention from the people of the cities and towns nearby. After all, his name spread wide and far, as a kind and wise prince, especially after he took in five orphans, so they could be taken care of better in his orphanage. People sang his name and praised him to the moon and back, highlighting how generous and pure his heart was to help those poor children. 
The five new orphans that he took in were around the age of four to nine years old, comprising three girls and two boys, who looked at the Prince with some sort of admiration, which made Cane feel sick to his stomach. 
But, with so many people around him, he wouldn’t be able to do anything outrageous. At least, not yet... 
Therefore, when he returned to the capital city with Koda and the warriors from the Red Claw pack, he left half of the royal warriors behind with the pretext they could help Prince Kellan, since it was him who had asked the Prince to come along with them. On the surface, the Alpha looked like he felt responsible for that. 
Once they entered the palace, they were immediately ushered to the King’s study room by the guards, where they spent hours talking about a few things, especially about the Red Claw pack, as the King demanded them to continue to deliver the magic stones, but Koda kept saying the current Alpha of the Red Claw pack was the one who had the last say in this matter. 
When the meeting finally ended without any decision being made, Cane wanted to leave to the orphanage straight away, since the last report he received was; Iris stayed in the orphanage ever since he left the capital city. 
However, a guard approached him to tell him that his mate was actually waiting for him in their chamber. 
It was weird, since this guard was not part of his pack and it was not usual for Iris to call for him by sending a royal guard instead. 
Anyhow, Cane went to their chamber and found the red-haired woman sitting on the bed, reading the book on her lap. 
"Iris?" Cane called her, but she didn’t turn around. Of course, she was not able to hear him, right? 
The Alpha approached Iris and looked at the book she was holding. It was the book about all the packs in this kingdom. Cane remembered the latest topic Iris had been reading about was the Holy Kingdom. 
There was something wrong with the whole situation. 
"Cane!" Iris was startled when she saw Cane standing next to her, only now she noticed someone was near her, because she was lost in thought about what she was reading. Her smile looked brilliant and her blue eyes lit up at the sight of her mate. 
For a second, Cane felt he was being a little bit paranoid. Iris was here. His mate was smiling at him, but here he was, doubting her. 
"How was your journey? Are you okay?" 
The sound of her voice was the same. Cane leaned over and kissed her forehead as usual. Her scent was the same too. It was her, but his instinct said otherwise. 
Cane had been on high alert ever since he left the palace. He was worried the dark wisp would appear all of a sudden and his night had been so hard. He used to fall asleep almost immediately whenever Iris was with him, but during the time he was away, he got headaches and had trouble falling asleep. He was exhausted and warry. 
The first thing he wanted was to have a good rest with his mate in his arms. He had gotten used to her presence and without her, it felt like something really important was missing. 
And yet, somehow, seeing his mate standing right in front of him, where he could reach her, didn’t make him feel relieved at all. She was there, but the comfort of her presence didn’t exist. 
"What happened?" Iris furrowed her brows, looking so concerned because he didn’t say anything. 
"Nothing." Cane shook his head. He took a step back. "Walk with me?" 
"Okay," Iris said in a sweet tone, as she grabbed his hand and together, they walked toward the garden. "I am sure you need fresh air. It is no longer cold now." 
Cane said nothing and stared at their intertwined fingers together. She had never reached out to him first, it would always be him who would grab her hand. 
"I am so happy to see you again, what happened? You took so long to return." Iris started to ask questions. 
On the other hand, Cane was thinking he was going crazy to think it was not her. It was not his mate. It was not Iris who was with him. The way she talked, the way she took his hand and the way she looked him in the eyes set off alarms in his head. 
Something was completely wrong with this whole situation, as an observer, it was easy for Cane to point out a few things that Iris did not usually do. However, it was her. Her appearance, her scent, her voice... it was her. 
"Cane, do you think Prince Vemion had died?" Iris stopped walking, she asked the question in a low voice, as if she was afraid someone might walk over and hear their conversation. "What if a war happened between the royal family and the Red Claw pack, which side would you choose?" 
Cane still didn’t say anything, he stared into those beautiful blue eyes. "Which side do you think I will choose?" He asked casually. 
Iris pursed her lips. "We don’t need to side with the Red Claw pack. Of course, having the royal family as support will get way more benefit to our pack." 
’We’ and ’our’, two words that Iris had never preferred to use whenever she mentioned the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack. Cane knew how Iris felt to a certain level about the two packs and surely, she wouldn’t use those two words because she had never felt she belonged to either pack. 
"After all, having the King’s support is a great thing, rather than the whole Red Claw pack." Iris shook her head. "It’s a lost battle if we fight against the royals." 
"Hm. Do you think so?" Cane raised his hand and caressed her cheek, as he tucked the loose strands of her hair behind her ear. 
"Yes." Iris nodded, as she leaned her head into his touch when Cane caressed her earlobe. She smiled sweetly at the Alpha, but her heart skipped a beat when she saw the obvious killing intent flit past his dark eyes. "Cane?" She blinked her eyes and shuddered involuntarily.
###Chapter 328: YOU ARE NOT HER
Chapter 328: YOU ARE NOT HER
Cane could see the fear and confusion flickering in her blue eyes and this set alarms off in his mind, especially when Iris didn’t react the same way as she used to when he touched her earlobe. 
"Cane?" Iris asked him. "What happened? Are you okay?" 
Cane growled dangerously when he saw Iris raise her hand to touch his face. He took a step back and let her go, as he glared at her. 
"Who are you?" Cane narrowed his eyes. 
Iris gasped, she furrowed her brows. "What do you mean? It is me. Did you forget your own mate?" Iris walked closer toward Cane, but he swatted her hand when she tried to reach out to him again. "Cane? Why are you reacting strangely? It is me, Iris." 
Cane stood in his place. His dark eyes turned slightly darker, as he stared intensely at the woman before his eyes. Did he make a mistake? Was she really her? Probably he was too tired, that was why he became a little bit irrational? 
"Cane, why are you doing this to me?" 
It was her voice... 
"I gave you a ring before I left. Where is it?" 
Iris blinked her eyes innocently. "I put it inside the room. I don’t want to lose it, because it was very precious to me." She took a step closer and this time, Cane didn’t avoid her. "You must be very tired, let’s go back for now, shall we?" 
Iris caressed his cheek and her fingers brushed his neck lightly, but a second later, Cane wrapped his hand around her neck and pressed her airway with his thumb. 
"Tell me, who are you?" Cane’s voice was so cold, it carried a killing intent. He was very serious now, he was going to kill her. After the last answer, there was no doubt in his mind. She was not his mate. 
Cane didn’t know who had done it, nor did he know how they could pull such a trick, but he knew for sure, this woman was not Iris. 
"C- Cane... you are hurting me," Iris choked, she tried to breathe and claw at Cane’s hand, but the Alpha’s grip was so strong, it was impossible for her to break free from it. "What... a- are you doing? L- Let me go..." 
However, instead of letting her go, Cane pressed harder on her airway, suffocating her further, if this kept going on, she would die for sure. 
Probably she could see the determination in Cane’s eyes, yet the question was something she couldn’t answer, thus as the last resolve, Iris flicked her hand and something appeared between her fingers. It was a needle! 
And before Cane could react, she stabbed his arm, which caused the Alpha to press her neck a little bit tighter and it broke. 
Two things happened at the same time when the woman that looked like Iris fell to the ground with a broken neck, she was dead and her face changed into her original self. 
Cane recognized this woman, she was the witch who was seen with Nala when she came to the orphanage the other day. 
But, Cane couldn’t think further about the motive of this witch and what she had stabbed him with, because right now, at the same time the witch revealed her true self, the black wisp burst out of his body. It was even more magnificent than the last time. It covered a large area and spread like smoke around his surroundings. 
There was no way people wouldn’t notice this soon. 
Cane felt he was going to shift into his lycan form. He felt so tired and couldn’t control himself, as he trembled and knelt on the ground. 
His mind wandered to her... 
He needed her. 
Iris. 
============================ 
Iris went to the palace right away once she heard the news about Cane’s arrival. She left with Ethan and Hanna, while Trion and Redmond would depart later, since they had something to finish first. 
Yet, before they arrived at the palace, they could see Will approaching them riding a horse, his expression looked so stern, as he stopped the carriage with Ethan on the coachman seat. 
"Luna, come with me!" Will said urgently. 
"What happened?" Ethan asked, he furrowed his brows, as he could sense the trouble emanating from Will’s cold demeanor. 
A second later, Iris poked her head out of the window, Hanna must have told her about Will, as she sat next to her. 
"What is it?" Iris asked, concern evident in her voice. "We are going to the palace now." 
"There is no time, ride with me!" Will was agitated, he was being very impatient right now and this made Iris realize something must have gone really wrong. 
Therefore, without a second thought, she jumped out of the carriage and went to Will. The warrior immediately caught her body and secured her position behind him; once she settled, he immediately rode the horse back to the palace, leaving dust in their wake. 
"We need to go as well!" Hanna urged Ethan, who was still confused with what just happened. 
But, the Gamma immediately snapped back to his senses and drove the carriage straight to the palace as fast as he could. 
Something must have gone really wrong with the Alpha, or else, Will wouldn’t look like that. 
Ethan’s heart beat so fast in his ears. He gritted his teeth. 
The palace... it was a dangerous place to make a wrong move... 
On the other hand, because Iris was sitting behind Will on the horseback, there was no way for her to be able to learn the situation, even if Will explained it to her now. 
Therefore, she could only hope it was something that they could handle. 
However, once they entered the palace grounds, her heart skipped a beat. She knew what was going on, because she could see it even from here. 
It was the dark wisp! 
It was akin to a black cloud that soared so high in the air. From the looks of it and the large area this dark wisp could cover, this one was even bigger than the last time she saw it. 
Iris found herself trembling in fear, not because she dreaded the dark wisp, but she was afraid what would happen to Cane. There was no way no one saw this. Many people must have seen this. What about the King? What now? Would Cane’s plan fail just like this? Would he be punished? 
The King would happily have his head on the spike with whatever atrocious accusations that he could pin Cane with. And what then? He would get his hands on the two packs again! 
People would suffer, people would die... 
Cane would die! 
Iris felt her heart constrict at the possibility, chills ran down her spine when she thought of the possibility. No. It was not even a possibility. The King would definitely not let go of this golden opportunity to bring Cane down. 
And as if the situation couldn’t be any worse, Iris saw the King and the Queen, along with countless royal guards and royal magic users, watching Cane. He was kneeling down in the middle of the garden, as the dark wisp emanated from his body.
###Chapter 329: NO WAY OUT SITUATION
Chapter 329: NO WAY OUT SITUATION
The most dreadful things that could ever happen to them were actually playing before their eyes, under the watch of the King and the other people with higher status in this kingdom. They stared at Cane with dropped Jaws. They couldn’t even utter a single word. 
The royal guards and warriors surrounded Cane, creating a barrier around him, as if this could help them stop the dark wisp from spreading further. 
Meanwhile, the royal magic users started to cast their spells against the dark wisp to no avail, while the King, his right hand men and the other important people watched in horror on the sidelines. They stood so far, at a safe distance from Cane and the dark wisp. 
Aderan approached Will and immediately helped Iris to get down from the horse, they didn’t know why the Alpha was asking for his mate when they thought it should be Haco that he needed, since the sorcerer knew about magic, yet, they could only oblige their alpha’s command. 
"What is happening? How can this happen?" Iris started panicking, she looked around her and could see they wanted to kill Cane, thinking he was inflicted with something horrendous that could harm them. 
Aderan shook his head. "When we got here, the Alpha was already like that..." 
"The Alpha asked for you," Will added. 
Reading that, without a second thought, Iris immediately went toward the line of warriors that surrounded Cane. She tried to push them out of her way. 
"You can’t be here, Luna Iris, please go back!" 
"Move away from here, Luna, you will get yourself hurt!" 
"Stop her!" 
They tried to stop Iris, but Aderan and Will frantically fought them back. They didn’t know why the Alpha needed her, but because that was his request, they would try to fulfill it until the end. 
The two of them shifted into their beasts, which was a sign of rebellion. Following that action, four of the warriors shifted into their beasts as well and they started to fight this unfair battle. 
Right at that time, Ethan and Hanna arrived as well and seeing this, they didn’t even entertain a second thought before they too shifted into their beasts and helped Aderan and Will fight, while Iris was trapped in the middle of this vicious fight. 
More royal warriors shifted into their beasts as well, which overwhelmed the four of them. Hanna was an easy target, since she was not a fighter, it was clear to see how her small wolf was overwhelmed by the attack from the royal warrior beasts, if it was not for Will’s protection, one of the warriors would have had her neck in no time. 
"ENOUGH!" The King roared to see a fight break out in this situation. "What the hell are you doing in front of me?!" 
King Aeon didn’t know what happened to Cane and what this dark wisp was about, but he knew better this was not a good sign and he wanted this situation to be deescalated before it made it to the public. 
A lycan, a curse, repeated monster attacks and now this! All of these problems had been driving him insane! He wanted this to be resolved as soon as possible, thus seeing them starting a fight, only enraged him further. 
Noticing the outburst of the King’s wrath, the royal beasts retreated, while the four beasts circled Iris, as she stood in the center.
"What are you going to do?!" King Aeon directed his question to Iris. His eyes were ablaze with anger, while beside him, the Crown Prince cowered at the sight of Cane. The Alpha looked so feral with the dark wisp surrounding him, which looked so lethal, as if you could die if you only breathed it for one second. 
"M- my King..." Iris’ voice was trembling, she gripped her dress tightly to steady herself, because she felt her legs were about to give away. "I- I need to go to my mate." 
"What can a runt like you can do?!" King Aeon barked with hostility. "Back down if you don’t want to die!" 
Iris opened her mouth, but she was not sure what to say to the King. She glanced at Cane, who was still kneeling on the ground. His body was trembling, as if he was holding something back, but when he slightly lifted his head, Iris could see how red his eyes were. 
The lycan. 
He was about to shift into the lycan. They would be doomed and there wouldn’t be any more plots or tricks that could help save their heads from this predicament. 
Cane was going to be killed in an instant if he shifted into his lycan and they too would meet their end, as well the members of the two packs. 
Therefore, instead of wasting her breath on King Aeon, Iris rushed toward Cane, as she speared through the dark wisp that surrounded him. 
Everyone gasped witnessing her reckless actions, they expected to see Iris collapse to the ground because she breathed in the dark wisp, but she managed to reach out to Cane and immediately threw herself toward him. 
Iris knelt down, ignoring the fact the ground was still so cold for her. She cradled Cane’s head and whispered to him. "Close your eyes, don’t look at anything. Just close your eyes." 
The color of Cane’s eyes was black and it would turn golden when he shifted into his beast, the undeniable proof that he was part of the royal family, but his eyes would turn red when it was the lycan that would resurface. 
She hoped no one noticed this. 
The new moon was in two days, but why did the lycan resurface now? Something must have happened to Cane before this. 
"Close your eyes, it’s okay, just close your eyes," Iris cooed, as she caressed his back soothingly and kissed the top of his head. 
Cane let out a guttural growl, but he did what she said. He closed his eyes and rested his head against her chest, he let her hold him, as he breathed in her scent. How much he missed this scent... 
Seeing Cane was a little bit relaxed now, Iris watched on as the dark wisp gradually disappeared. It didn’t happen in the blink of an eye, but one could see how it slowly vanished, as the air was cleared and from the east, the sky became a little bit brighter. 
It was morning by the time the dark wisp had completely evaporated, leaving no trace of it. 
Because of the dark wisp as well, the body of the witch that Cane had killed was left unnoticed by those people until then, yet, once it disappeared, they started to notice the dead body on the ground. 
"He killed a person!" A warrior cried. His voice rang through this quiet morning, as he pointed out the body of the dead witch on the ground. 
"Alpha Cane killed someone!" 
"The Alpha from Howling Wolf pack is using dark magic!" 
This accusation plunged Cane into a dire situation and in this seemingly- no way out situation, the Alpha fell unconscious in his mate’s arms. 
"Capture the alpha from the Howling Wolf pack and arrest all the members of the Howling Wolf pack!" Alan barked an order, as he continued hiding behind his father, standing far back from them.
###Chapter 330: THEY NEEDED TO SURVIVE
Chapter 330: THEY NEEDED TO SURVIVE
Alan had been watching everything unfold dumbly, as he was scared shitless at the sight of the dark wisp that almost covered the sky. Even after it disappeared, he was still unable to bring himself closer to the Alpha, as he continued hiding behind his father and all the people’s backs, ready to flee if something bad happened. 
Yet, he barked this vicious order to capture the Alpha and arrest all the members of his pack once he found his voice back. 
Ethan immediately shifted into his human form once he heard that. He glared in the direction of the Crown Prince, though he couldn’t see him, it was enough to send chills down the Crown Prince’s spine. 
"What is our crime?!" Ethan asked in a loud voice when the warriors were about to move against them again. It wouldn’t be good if they got a hold of any of them, especially the Alpha. Without Cane, they wouldn’t be able to do anything. No one would come out alive once they entered the dungeon. 
King Aeon would use this opportunity to fabricate a wonderful story about Cane, how he and his people deserved the punishment. There would be no way to vindicate themselves if they reached that point. 
"Are you still asking what your crime is?! Can’t you see, your alpha was caught using dark magic!" Alan shouted back from his hiding place. The King didn’t stop him. He was still trying to figure out what he was going to do with this situation. "The punishment will be a death sentence for that crime!" The Crown Prince hollered. He was more than happy to see that happening. 
"Where is the proof for that?!" Ethan bit back, he was standing against so many people, including the King himself, holding onto his last hope for their survival, though he didn’t know how they could leave this mess unscathed. He only hoped Cane would gain his consciousness soon enough and come up with something to save them. 
"He is trying to waste our time! The proof is right there! We all saw it!" Alan was enraged, the thought that he was actually talking to Ethan infuriated him to no end, after all, he was still holding a grudge against this gamma. "That black smoke was proof of him using black magic! He killed someone! He must have cursed that poor woman and the curse bounced back at him!" 
All of them noticed the dead body near Cane. The woman’s face was covered by her hair, as she faced the ground, but the King recognized her as the witch who was responsible to help Nala get Cane. 
"With your logic, isn’t Princess Osana using black magic as well?! She is cursed, but with the way you are thinking, it is as if she tried to curse someone and the curse bounced back at her!" Ethan realized what he said was audacious and was so brazen, but he didn’t have any other choice. You couldn’t expect a logical argumentation when you were talking with the Crown Prince of this kingdom. 
It was such a bleak future to have him as the next in line for the throne. 
"There is no proof to support the accusation!" Ethan snapped grimly. Thankfully, the King didn’t join this measly argumentation, or else, no matter how many guts the Gamma had, he was not in the position to talk back to the King without losing his head. 
"The woman had died! The Alpha killed her as the sacrifice!" 
People knew one of the reasons why the black magic had been banned and was not allowed to be used, it was because in the process, it needed a living sacrifice, aside from the magic stone. 
"It’s so ridiculous!" Ethan didn’t hide his mocking tone when he spoke, which made the King and the other people enraged with his attitude. "All of us know a shifter has no magic power! There is no shifter that can curse someone else! Unless you are a magic user, you can’t practice magic!" 
Ethan then went to the dead body of the woman and brushed away her hair, as he tilted her head to face the King and his people. 
"Here! She is one of your witches, right?!" This time, Ethan was talking to the line of the royal magic users. "I saw her among your ranks a few times!" 
No. Ethan had never seen her aside from the time this witch appeared in the orphanage with Nala, but Cane made him aware of this woman and he remembered her scent, though it was mixed with the smell of blood and whatsoever, there was no mistake it was her scent. 
"If there is someone who is using dark magic, it must be her!" Ethan pointed an accusatory finger at the dead witch. He didn’t know what had happened, but the story that he came up with was rather believable and made more sense. "No shifter can cast spells or use magic!" 
It was common knowledge and all of them agreed with that statement, but of course, the final say was in the hands of the King, while the Crown Prince kept making a fuss about how they should arrest them all and put them in the dungeon. He looked unreasonable and only muddied the situation further. 
It was a good thing Ethan had been paying attention to Cane closely, as some of his wittiness rubbed off on him. 
"We need to arrest the Alpha before he kills someone else again!" Alan screeched like a banshee. 
On the other hand, Iris couldn’t hear what they were talking about, but Hanna was by her side to let her know the gist of the situation. 
Seeing how Ethan was adamant with the version of his own story, Iris realized what Cane said was right. They should create a whole new story, the survivor could tell what happened, while the dead couldn’t deny it. 
And no one here knew for sure what the truth was, they were the same, as clueless as them in this matter. 
Iris let Will hold Cane’s unconscious body, as she stood up and walked next to Ethan, which surprised the Gamma because he didn’t expect Iris to speak up as well. 
"My wise king!" Iris spoke loudly, she was thankful her voice was not trembling anymore. "There are royal magic users here, why don’t we ask them to check who had performed black magic earlier!?" Iris took a step forward, she stared at King Aeon straight in his eyes. "You are wise and just, My King, I believe you will not punish your subject unfairly. We are your loyal subjects and my mate has done his best to take a huge responsibility for this kingdom!" 
If there was one thing Iris learned from Cane, it was how he talked to his enemy; praise them, but never humble himself. He reminded them of the benefit of keeping them around, but didn’t make it look like it was a threat. 
Punishing Cane and his people now would make the King shoulder the huge responsibility that he had tossed onto Cane, more so, with the strained relationship between the royals and the Red Claw pack, it would be his loss to make an enemy out of the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack as well. 
Cane was unconscious and they needed to do or say anything to survive this.
###Chapter 331: THE TENSION IN THE AIR
Chapter 331: THE TENSION IN THE AIR
King Aeon said nothing, he let his dense son speak on his behalf, as he fell deep in thought. It was not that he was not aware of the gravity of this situation, nor that he didn’t know the dead witch. After all, this was part of his plan. 
However, he couldn’t wrap his head around the appearance of the dark wisp. What was that? Was all black magic like that? He had seen Cyan use black magic a few times, but he had never encountered the appearance of such a horrifying dark wisp. Did something go wrong when the dark witch tried to curse Cane to break the mate bond? 
Cyan was not here, thus it was hard for Aeon to confirm this. The only important thing to him right now was; did she succeed in breaking the mate bond? Damn that witch if she died without providing any contribution and instead creating more complications for him! What a useless piece of shit. 
"There is no need to check whether the black magic came from him or not! All of us are the witnesses! We saw how the black smoke came out of his body!" Alan was infuriated because none of them backed him up and his father didn’t help him immediately. What was he thinking? Would he forsake him again? 
"That’s ridiculous!" Ethan was enraged, he was on the verge of charging forward and ripping that useless mouth of Alan! He really wanted to kill this moron! "That’s because he was cursed!" 
"Or maybe because he was the one who used black magic!" 
"Shifters can’t use black magic, you idiot! Did you skip all of your classes?! That’s common knowledge!" 
All the royal warriors and guards, along with the people around the King, gasped, hearing what Ethan had said. They knew what Ethan said was true and how idiotic Alan could be not even knowing such common knowledge, but it was not wise to cuss out the Crown Prince out loud, especially in front of the King. 
"Impudence!" King Aeon roared. His face turned so red. He felt so humiliated, he knew how stupid Alan’s argumentation was, but it was not something you could say out loud recklessly without any consequences. "Guards! Arrest him!" 
This time, all the guards rushed forward to catch Ethan and the Gamma was ready to shift into his beast. He had endured humiliation from Alan and he couldn’t care less about death anymore. After all, he didn’t come to the capital with the thought he would make it out alive. 
His anger radiated throughout his whole body, as he glared at the warriors that rushed toward him. 
"Back off," Ethan said through his gritted teeth, as he pulled Iris behind him. He was thankful and also quite surprised when Iris stood up by his side to hold their ground and fight for the Alpha, but there was a limit to what they could do and this time they had reached a dead end. 
"Ethan, don’t..." Iris clutched onto his arm, she didn’t want him to die. Cane had taken great pains to get him pardoned, but now they went back to square one. "Apologize now." 
"Over my dead body," Ethan hissed icily. There was no way he would apologize for pointing out the truth. 
On the other hand, Aderan stepped forward, he stood beside Ethan, he was also ready to shift into his beast, he wouldn’t let the Gamma fight their enemy alone. 
And right at that time, from behind them, Redmond and Trion joined the party. 
"What happened here, wimpy?" Redmond asked Ethan in a low voice, as he pulled Iris behind him. "Why did you make them angry?" Ethan growled at Redmond, but the warrior ignored him, as he calculated the situation before them. "I salute you for pissing off so many people. You really know how to push the wrong buttons correctly." He clicked his tongue, but he didn’t back down. 
"Arrest them all!" Alan cried out loud, but then he fell rediculously quiet when his father’s voice boomed in his head as he mindlinked his son to shut the fuck up. 
The tension was very thick and Hanna was ready to flee from the scene if a fight indeed broke out. Will would take the Alpha with them as well. Even though the other four warriors wouldn’t be able to hold their ground, at least, it would give them enough time to escape the palace. 
As long as they could save the Alpha, they would be able to make another plan. But, they would die if they stayed and let those warriors arrest them. 
But, it was inevitable that if a fight really broke out, it would be the end of them. Nevertheless, Redmond chose to stay with these warriors from the Howling Wolf pack and give them enough time to escape. 
"Let’s see, how many you can take down," Redmond snickered and Trion felt like kicking his ass, but there were dozens of royal warriors in front of them and for him to stay was already a great help. 
Ethan shifted into his beast and Redmond followed suit, while their opponents immediately shifted as well. A fight was unavoidable! 
However, before someone got hurt, Cane’s voice rang clearly amidst this heated moment. 
"Enough!" Cane said from his sitting position. He looked lethargic, but his voice was so clear, it carried power and dignity, forcing anyone who heard him to listen carefully. Such authority was something that even the King himself couldn’t pull off. "My wise king, are you sure you want to do this?" 
The fight abruptly stopped, Ethan felt it again, the same sensation whenever Cane pressed down his beast and forced him to shift back into his human form. How could he manage to do that when he looked so exhausted? 
"We need to investigate this matter further!" King Aeon said. He was startled to see how Cane stopped the fight with only one word, but he was not the only one who could feel such strong authority that rolled off the Alpha’s voice. 
"My brilliant king, are you trying to say that I can use black magic, even though I am a shifter?" Cane raised his head, his eyes a glimmering mess of golden color, the signature eye color of those with royal bloodline. His beast surfaced, even when he was still in his human form. "I am sure you are wiser and way more ingenious than our insensitive crown prince to ignore such common knowledge."
Wise, ingenious, brilliant... Cane used all nice words to call the King, but Aeon felt like the Alpha was cussing him out instead. 
"After all, my gamma had explained this just earlier." Cane was still in a sitting position, on the ground, but they felt like he was sitting on a high chair, while they all listened to him. "Shift!" 
The four beasts took a few tentative steps back and then shifted into their human form again. Aderan and Trion stood on Cane’s left side, while Ethan and Redmond fell back on his right. 
"The witch, who has cursed Princess Osana is dead, isn’t this the right time to figure out who the actual perpetrator is?" 
"What do you mean?" King Aeon was confused. He knew for sure that the dead witch had nothing to do with Osana’s curse.
###Chapter 332: THE TRUE PERPETRATOR
Chapter 332: THE TRUE PERPETRATOR
"Shouldn’t we start investigating why the witch used dark magic on me?" Cane jumped straight to the point, as he established the fact that it was the dead witch, who actually used dark magic and the King or any one else couldn’t say otherwise. After all, it would make them look so stupid if they insisted that it was Cane who had actually performed black magic. "Whether she worked alone, or there was someone who ordered her to do it." 
This time, Kade stepped forward, he was one of the King’s right hand men, hailed from the Celestial Moon pack in the north. 
"My King, what Alpha Cane said is right," Kade said politely. The two of them had gotten closer thanks to the past relationship between Cane’s father and the Alpha of the Celestial Moon pack. Moreover, Cane had been active in all the internal meetings and always gave his two scents. "The curse on Princess Osana has made the public anxious. It will be good for us to discover the person behind it."
King Aeon felt this whole thing was simply ridiculous because he knew for sure the dead witch had nothing to do with the curse on Osana, but of course, he couldn’t say it out loud. 
"My King, we need to investigate this matter thoroughly. If the witch had dared to curse Alpha Cane by using black magic and it has something to do with the curse on Princess Osana as well, it meant, there is a high possibility for the lycan to be connected to black magic!" Koda said. He stood a little bit far from the King’s party, thus his voice sounded so loud in this garden, until everyone could hear him. "There is still a chance for us to save the fourth prince and find the true perpetrator behind this whole mess! The person must be killed for their brazen act!" 
King Aeon’s face darkened. The situation was out of his hand and escalated too fast. It became too wild and he could feel that he started to lose his control over the whole thing. 
His intention was just to break the mate bond between Cane and Iris, so Nala could become his mate! Then, he would have one more person inside the Howling Wolf pack! But, what the fuck with the black magic, the curse on Osana and the lycan!? Why were all those matters tangled with his simple plan?! 
He was at a loss for what he had to decide, to make things worse, his son had made him lose his face! If it was not for Cyan, he would have strangled Alan to death! It was so embarrassing to appoint him as a crown prince when he was so stupid! People could see it and he knew they always mocked him for his stubborn decision to keep Alan in his position. 
"This matter is way more important, My King," the other two of his right hand men started to chime in as well. The importance of this matter eclipsed the insult that Ethan had hurled at the Crown Prince. 
"King Aeon! Our Red Claw pack has shown you all the patience and support, but if you refuse to follow this lead as well, I will take this as an offense and assume you are intentionally covering up something regarding black magic and the lycan!" This time, Alpha Dristan spoke up. He was the alpha of the Red Claw pack. He stood firmly beside Koda and his warriors stood on guard behind him. 
"What are you waiting for?! Why don’t you go over there and check that damned witch!?" King Aeon roared, he was enraged to be pinned in a difficult position. 
What vexed him even more was; he couldn’t resort to power play in this situation, since it would offend not only the Red Claw pack, but the Howling Wolf pack as well and without Cane in the picture, the responsibility of this whole mess would be forced back onto his shoulders! 
Two of the royal magic users immediately rushed toward the dead witch and it didn’t take them too long to confirm that their fellow magic user had casted black magic before her death. 
On the other hand, Alan was fuming mad because once again, they forgot about his problem! They overlooked that the Gamma had insulted him! Not to mention an act of justice toward him, his king father seemingly was going to punish himself instead for creating a commotion. 
Alan felt so agitated to be forsaken again! 
"She has performed black magic!" One of the royal magic users declared. 
King Aeon balled his fists tightly, as his claws stabbed into his palms, but he no longer felt any pain, as he was beyond enraged. Of course, he knew the dead witch had performed black magic! 
However, what Cane said next made him even more mad. 
"I am the victim of this and my people and I almost lost our lives because of the obtuse accusation of me using black magic!" Cane spoke so loud, his voice carried a trace of anger. "How can you not know that a witch in your ranks performs black magic?!" 
The anger was directed at the head of the royal sorcerers, who was standing next to the King, but King Aeon felt Cane was cussing him out instead. 
"My King, if someone by your side is so incompetent, don’t you think it’s time for you to reconsider his position?!" Cane was openly attacking the head of the royal sorcerers, but his anger was justified, since he was the victim of dark magic. 
Meanwhile, as the Alpha spoke so loudly and brazenly, he was holding his mate’s hand, as if his life depended on it. 
As for Iris, she let Cane hold her hand, though he held it too tightly and it started to hurt a little. 
"My King, have mercy on us!" The head of the royal sorcerers immediately fell to his knees, followed by the other magic users, begging for forgiveness. 
This was not a situation King Aeon expected at all! How did things turn out like this?! 
"Scram! I will deal with you all!" The King was seething. "I will have your heads hung on the palace gates if you can’t find out who the person behind this is! How can you not know a traitor is within your ranks?! Imbeciles!" 
Seeing that, Cane scoffed. He stood up and felt a little bit dizzy. He didn’t think he could keep his consciousness for long. 
"How can you ask them to look into this matter when we don’t know whether or not there is another traitor among their ranks," Cane said and he got a vicious glare from all the royal magic users for that, yet he couldn’t care less about it. "I have a way to find the perpetrator. After all, you have given the responsibility to clean up this mess to me and I am very honored to finish my assignment." 
King Aeon narrowed his eyes. "You have a way?" 
All the sorcerer’s eyes were fixed on Cane, while they were still kneeling on the ground. 
"Yes." Cane nodded confidently and then took Iris’ hand to make her stand in front of him. "My mate will be a great help for us to figure this out." 
Iris was confused when all of them abruptly turned to look at her.
###Chapter 333: I NEED A SLEEP
Chapter 333: I NEED A SLEEP
"No way can I do that," Iris was freaking out. She didn’t know what Cane said before he pushed her in front of him, which caused all of their attention to be fixed on her, but she felt dreadful when she learned what Cane had offered to the King. "Cane, what if they can see through me and knew it’s a sham?" 
Currently, they were inside their chamber and Cane could finally lay down with his mate close to him. 
It took everything in him not to shift into his lycan form, it happened once in the past and somehow, he could suppress it, the same way he helped Ethan suppress his and now, he was bone weary and the only thing he wanted was to sleep. He didn’t think his mind could work properly at this point. 
However, Iris was very anxious to stay still, she pulled her hair in frustration after she knew what Cane had planned. 
In the garden, Cane had told the King that Iris could help them find the true perpetrator, who had given the order to the witch. Finding that would be able to give them more clues on the lycan, the cursed creature that had terrorized the capital city. 
Cane supported his statement based on the fact Iris could sense the magic stones while all the dark magic users would use magic stones as the media as well, more so, it happened before in the Howling Wolf pack. 
Not to mention Cane was targeted before as well, thus it must be the same person. Someone from the palace had targeted the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack and this person had used dark magic to summon a lycan as well. The correlation between the events was very convincing and credible, which left the King completely tongue tied. 
If there was one more thing Cane was good at, it must be how great he could make the connection between all the coincidences that happened around them. 
He made the connections, created a believable story and led people to believe it. 
Someone like the King, who knew better what the actual truth behind it was and that what Cane had said was utter bullshit, would have lost his mind because he couldn’t say otherwise, unless he wanted to direct people’s suspicion onto himself for refusing to cooperate with Cane’s theory. 
Therefore, tomorrow, Iris would start to look for the magic stones that had been infused with black magic. It was easy for Iris to put two and two together. 
Ethan was right when he said they wouldn’t be able to see the whole picture of Cane’s scheme before they saw the end result of it. 
Those black magic stones must be the ones that Haco had created. There were eight of them and somehow, his men had managed to implant them around the palace, in the places Cane had instructed them to and now, Iris needed to find them. 
"I will tell you the locations of those stones," Cane said simply, staring at his distressed mate. She looked like she was about to cry. 
Meanwhile, the sun had risen so high and they only had a few hours before Iris had to start looking for the stones. 
"What if they don’t believe me? What if they notice I am only pretending to find those stones?" 
"Do you not want me to tell you, so it will look more believable?" 
Reading what Cane said, Iris really wanted to cry. That was not what she meant and it didn’t help alleviate her anxiety at all. 
"Cane, can’t you tell me about your plan beforehand? What about the dead witch? Was that part of your plan?" 
No, of course not. The witch and the dark wisp were hiccups in his plan, thankfully, he could make the most out of it. 
"What happened between you and the witch? How did you end up in that condition?" Iris rambled, she was so tense. Cane had told her he needed her help, but she thought, at the very least, he would let her know beforehand, so she could prepare herself. 
However, instead of answering any of her questions, Cane beckoned her with his hand, to which Iris clambered closer to him. 
"I need a sleep, Iris." Cane pulled her into his arms and hugged her warm and soft body, as he buried his nose in the crooke of her shoulder, taking the liberty to breathe in her scent. 
And that was it, Cane needed his good sleep before he continued with his schemes, or else, he didn’t think his mind would be able to keep up with another conspiracy at this point. 
Being held so tight like this, with Cane’s body literally glued to hers, Iris didn’t have any other choice, but to stay still. She knew she tended to ask so many questions whenever she was nervous and it didn’t help Cane at all. 
He just returned from a long journey, attended a meeting and almost got killed because of the King’s scheme, thus all he needed right now was indeed a good sleep. 
Slowly, Iris caressed his back to ease him to sleep. 
================================= 
"I wonder how she is not pregnant yet when they are sleeping like this..." Redmond clicked his tongue, folding his arms in front of his chest upon seeing the Alpha and luna were sleeping, while holding onto each other. Cane’s nose was literally on her neck. "What the hell is wrong with the two of them... is she still drinking the Dragonheart?" 
Ethan grimaced hearing Redmond’s comment on pregnancy, only a handful of people knew about the Alpha’s condition and definitely, Redmond wouldn’t be one of them. It was already a headache to let him learn that Cane was a lycan; the more secrets he knew, the more dangerous it would be for them, since he didn’t place his loyalty in the Alpha. 
"I think both of you need to go out, I will wake them up," Hanna said. She ushered the two men, who started bickering again, out of the room. 
They came inside because neither Iris nor Cane responded when they had knocked on the door for more than ten minutes. Remembering the events of the previous night, they thought something had happened to the two of them, because usually the Alpha would have woken up at the slightest commotion, since he was a light sleeper. 
They were panicking, but then, when they went inside, the two of them were simply too comfortable with each other. It was a good thing their clothes were still in place. 
"Missy, wake up... you need to wake up now, almost all the people have been waiting for the two of you." Hanna shook Iris’ body, because she didn’t dare to wake the Alpha up. 
================================ 
"Dark wisp? And she knows how to sense the black magic stones?" Cyan narrowed her eyes, she was currently inside Osana’s bedroom, while the King stood next to the bed, staring at his sister’s predicament. "How so?" 
From the information they had gotten, they knew Iris could sense the magic stones, but black magic inside a magic stone? Who could do that? Even dark magic users like Cyan couldn’t do it. 
"Yes, that’s what Cane said." King Aeon stared at his mistress. 
"Interesting, I want to take a close look at that luna..." 
"Your brother will arrive in two days."
###Chapter 334: IT WILL BE EASIER
Chapter 334: IT WILL BE EASIER
The first thing that happened at the end of that day was; apparently all the people knew what happened in the palace, about the dark wisp and the black witch, who had been killed trying to kill the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack. 
Of course, the citizens were enraged. A black witch within the ranks of the royal magic users was already a bad omen, not to mention, she tried to kill an alpha. 
Though Cane didn’t look as affable as Prince Kellan, they quite liked him, since he helped with the construction of the orphanage and had their respect for stepping up and ensuring their safety. 
The rumor that spread around the people was; the Alpha readily shouldered the responsibility to find the lycan and the person who had cursed Princess Osana, as he strengthened the protection around the capital city. 
With that, Cane’s face was way more favorable in the people’s eyes than the King himself, as they knew the King was trying to hide the fact that the fourth prince had gone missing when the lycan had taken him away, especially when the King started a conflict with the Red Claw pack, which would disturb the commerce of magic stones in turn. 
It would affect a lot of people if the Red Claw pack stopped sending their magic stones. 
In short, the public opinion was in the favor of Cane, as they were disappointed in the King and the way he handled things. 
"The public favors you, just like you wanted." Ethan gave the latest report to the Alpha. "This is even better than we expected." 
Cane nodded. It was indeed better than what they expected. 
The two of them stood in front of the Alpha and Luna’s chamber, as they talked about the situation right now. 
Even though the King had tried to suppress the news about what happened this early morning, of course, Cane had a different thought. Now, he could gauge how much he had pulled the people’s sympathy to his side. 
"What Iris did also had helped to lure the public to our side." 
Cane raised his brows when he heard that. 
"You don’t know?" Ethan frowned and then clicked his tongue. "Ah! That damned king really had intercepted our communication." 
"Watch your words." 
Ethan had gotten into trouble countless times because he couldn’t filter his words and always spoke up what was in his mind. It was a good thing on some occasions, but if he continued being so reckless, it would be the death of him some day. Cane wouldn’t be able to solve every mishap that he fell into, thus he needed to learn how to restrain himself and sort out his words. 
If it was not for the fact that the problem with the dark witch and the curse eclipsed his offense toward the Crown Prince, the King would have made a big deal out of it by now. 
"The Luna taught all the children in the orphanage, she also taught the warriors. Common people started to come to learn and she tried to make arrangements for that, too, then you got into trouble, which irked the people, because of course, the arrangements would be postponed." 
Cane was surprised, though he didn’t show it on his expression. He didn’t expect that. He left her for less than two weeks, but she had caught people’s heart way better than his efforts could help him do that in this past month. 
Right at that time, Iris came out of the bedroom with Hanna, after the latter helped her missy get into her dress, so Cane wouldn’t need to deal with the laces and strings. 
Iris was wearing a simple white dress underneath a black cloak that could keep her from the cold weather. Her curly hair cascaded down her back, as Hanna tied it into a simple half bun on top of her head. 
With that, the conversation between Cane and Ethan stopped. 
The Alpha stared at his mate for a while and then took her hand, which felt so cold, she must be very nervous about what they were going to do. From the corner of his eyes, he could see how she started to clutch at her dress. 
Cane squeezed her hand and this made Iris lift her head to look at him. "You will be fine," he said in an assuring tone. 
Meanwhile, Hanna and Ethan followed behind them. 
"I am... afraid," Iris admitted. Her blue eyes dimmed as a furrow appeared between her brows and Cane smoothed it with his finger. 
"You did a good job standing up against the King earlier, this time will be easier." 
Iris frowned, she blinked her eyes, trying to grasp the meaning of his words, but then she realized what he meant. "I thought you were unconscious!?" 
So, he was awake? He knew what happened? 
However, Cane said nothing and continued to walk with her, while Iris couldn’t get anything out of him. 
Halfway to the main hall, where everyone had been waiting for them, Redmond and Trion joined them. They just finished their task. 
"I still can’t understand. Don’t you think it is very dangerous to expose Iris’ ability?" Redmond frowned, as he talked in a low voice to Ethan beside him, while Trion listened from beside the Gamma. 
"Almost all the people in the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack know that Iris can sense magic stones, do you think the news about it did not reach the King already?" Ethan scoffed. The truth was; with the traitor within the pack, the King must have known about it already, therefore, there was no need for them to intentionally conceal it. 
It would be better to reveal such information on their own terms. At least, that was how Cane had done things. The same way he led the public opinion about the appearance of the lycan. 
"I don’t think it’s a smart move to let them know about it." Redmond was still stubborn with his opinion. He wanted Iris to gain her own power, but he didn’t think this overexposure would benefit her. 
Ethan rolled his eyes. "If the Alpha has the idea to expose it, he must have a plan in motion to deal with what will come and the consequences of his action."
"He is putting her in danger," Redmond said bluntly, scoffing at the Alpha. He knew Cane had a good head on his shoulders, but he used people too much and even his mate was not an exception, yet Iris didn’t know any better. 
"Truthfully speaking, we are all in danger." Ethan shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. "Do you think by keeping her hidden, it will help?" He scoffed derisively, which made Redmond growl. Trion grimaced because they started fighting again. "The Alpha knows what he is doing." 
And with the two of them bickering yet again, Cane and Iris entered the main hall, where they could see all the people of high status and the heads of some privileged families in this capital. 
But, what made Cane frown slightly was the fact that Lady Cyan stood in stead of the Queen. It was so rare for her to make a public appearance and from the information that Cane gathered, she didn’t like this kind of encounter. 
Was it the King who had ordered her to come?
###Chapter 335: BAD WOLF ALPHA
Chapter 335: BAD WOLF ALPHA
Lady Cyan was a very graceful and reserved woman, albeit no longer being a young maiden, her beauty was enough to leave any man smitten. There was something in her that would make you want to just lower your head and succumb to her. She emanated a mysterious aura and the way she carried herself was something that even the Queen couldn’t pull off. 
People looked more careful around her, even the King kept his act together and appeared more vigilant, while the brazen crown prince stood at the back of them, his head down, like a little child who just got an earful. 
That was how Cane saw the whole situation, even the atmosphere was slightly amiss with the presence of Lady Cyan. 
However, the Lady in question had her eyes on Iris, she observed the auburn girl calmly, so as not to raise any suspicion. 
Among all the people who attended, Lou was also one of them because he was considered as an important figure and also, more or less, involved in this whole mess. 
Iris squeezed Cane’s hand because she felt suffocated by all the attention that these people showered her with. She was fighting the urge to flee from this place. 
She almost felt like she went back to the day she was introduced as Cane’s slave to welcome the King and the Alphas, where she stood naked in front of so many people, as they humiliated her. She felt like the humiliation would come very soon, once she failed to do her task, which didn’t help her feel any more confident. 
Iris breathed erratically, she was panicking. 
"How can your mate help with this?" King Aeon asked after exchanging a few arbitrary words with Cane. 
It had been confirmed that the dead witch had used black magic before she died and the needle she used to stab Cane further solidified the claim, thus it would be too much and hilarious if the King insisted that the Alpha was the one who used black magic instead. 
Even the Crown Prince couldn’t persist with the same accusation either. After all, it would only make him look more stupid, mirroring what Ethan said earlier. 
"Let the leader of the royal sorcerers check for traces of black magic on me," Cane said, as he looked at the old sorcerer, who had hung his head so low. 
Their encounter this morning must have left him in a difficult position, since the dark witch came from his ranks. His position was at stake now. 
"Go," King Aeon said irritably, following which the old sorcerer immediately scrambled to Cane’s side to check on him. 
He confirmed the traces of black magic on him after a thorough examination, which took more than ten minutes. It was not so easy to trace black magic, unless it triggered a fatal reaction, just like in Princess Osana’s case. 
"Can you tell what the witch put in me with the needle she stabbed me?" 
A complicated look flitted past the old sorcerer’s eyes. "I am not sure. The needle must be a media..." he trailed off. 
However, Cane didn’t expect him to explain it thoroughly, he only wanted people to see how incapable the head of the royal sorcerer was. 
"Did you bring it with you?" Cane asked Iris instead and she nodded, as she fished out the white dagger he had given her before he left. "Do it now." 
Iris knew what she had to do, but she couldn’t bring herself to do it again. Her hands were shaking. 
Seeing that, Cane held her hand to calm her down. "It’s okay." And he simply mouthed the next few words, thus no one else could understand what he was saying. "You did it before, you can do it now." 
That was right, Iris had done it before, she stabbed Cane in his lycan form and took out the shard of the black magic stone, but the situation now was different. In the past, she managed to do it out of impulse, it was a matter of life and death, though it could be considered almost the same as right now, but how could she cut him open consciously? 
"What is this? How long are you two planning to hold hands?!" Alan shouted from behind the King and Lady Cyan, being a brat as usual. 
But, before the King could utter a single warning, Lady Cyan cleared her throat and the Crown Prince recoiled. 
This subtle power that Lady Cyan weilded didn’t go unnoticed by Cane. He wondered what kind of power this mistress held? 
"Show me the spot," Cane said. 
Iris pointed to the exact spot the witch stabbed him at. "Here." 
And without a second thought, with his hand that was still holding Iris’ hand, he made an incision on the spot she showed him with the very dagger she held. 
Iris gasped when she saw blood ooze out from the wound, her hand started trembling. If it was not for Cane, who held her hand firmly, she would have dropped the dagger. 
"Take it out," he said. 
Still feeling dreadful, Iris dug into his flesh with her fingers to take out the shard infused with black magic stone from his wound. The feeling was nauseating. It was slicky and warm. 
Iris glanced at Cane, but he didn’t even flinch. It reflected the extent of his endurance toward pain... 
This small incision must be nothing compared to what he had to endure for a decade in the hands of her father and brother. 
Her heart constricted when she recalled that. 
It took Iris less than one minute to take out the shard of black magic stone out of his flesh which she then gave to Cane. The Alpha tossed it to the head of the royal sorcerers. 
A black dot glinted under the luminous pearl and the light of fire from the braziers in this room. 
All of them held their breath, waiting for the head sorcerer to confirm what it was and more than five minutes later, the head sorcerer confirmed it. 
"Yes, this is a shard of black magic stone..." he said, as he held a very small piece of magic stone suffused with black magic and then looked at Iris in astonishment. "How... how did you find it?" 
Iris could even find it inside someone’s body, which was unthinkable. As the head of the sorcerers for the royal family, it meant, he held a powerful magic, but even so, he doubted he could find this small shard within someone else’s body. 
This kind of ability was unheard of. 
Unfortunately, Iris didn’t see him asking her a question, nor did she care about other people’s amazement in her strange ability, because right now, her focus was on the incision on Cane’s arm. She looked worried as she wiped the blood by using the sleeve of her dress, which stained her white sleeve with red color. 
"It will heal soon," Cane said, as he stopped Iris from doing that. True to his words, his wound healed very quickly. 
On the other hand, Lou’s eyes squinted at this development. His desire to know more about this runt made him want to take her away from that bad wolf alpha. 
But there was another person inside the room who shared the same interest as him.
###Chapter 336: THE DARK MAGIC USER
Chapter 336: THE DARK MAGIC USER
Lady Cyan couldn’t believe what she was seeing. Not even her father could do this, forget about her younger brother. What was the deal with this runt? 
She watched everything and the King could feel the tension roll off of her, as he glanced at his mistress. "Do you have any idea why she can do that?" 
"No,’’ Lady Cyan replied curtly. She balled her fists, but her expression remained serene. 
"So, what is the meaning of this?" King Aeon asked in a low voice until only the two of them could hear him. 
However, Lady Cyan didn’t answer him immediately. She contemplated the situation and watched how all the people were flabbergasted. What Iris had done blew their minds. 
"Ask him how to find the true perpetrator," Lady Cyan said to the King. She was still clueless about the lycan or how Princess Osana got cursed, but this alpha from the Howling Wolf pack had a way to figure it all out? She wanted to see what he could do. 
"It’s so admirable for the Luna of the Howling Wolf pack to have such ability, but how do plan to find the perpetrator with that?" The King then added, "Will she be able to sniff the owner of the black magic stone? Even so, the owner had died. You have killed her and the only clue is gone!" 
Hearing that, Cane scoffed. "My King, I have not yet said anything, but you are already drawing conclusions. I am sure it’s because you are very concerned about your son, the fourth prince, who had gone missing for days, or else, it would look like you want to put the blame on me and end this newly found pointer." 
King Aeon’s face turned red because of the blatant disrespect that Cane showed him in front of everyone. But, it was actually him who had offended the Alpha first by insinuating his mate was a dog who could sniff around for the black magic stones. 
However, before the King could lash out and force him into a difficult position, Cane immediately changed the topic smoothly to highlight the importance of this meeting and directed all the people’s attention toward the topic he wanted them to pay close attention to. 
"If my mate can pinpoint the right spot of the shards of a black magic stone embedded in my flesh, it will not be hard for her to look for it somewhere else. Why don’t we go to the East Palace and see whether the same black magic stone was there or not." 
East Palace was the place where Princess Osana stayed and no one dared to come closer to the palace, since they were afraid the curse would affect them as well. 
"Why should we go there? What is the point if we found the black magic stone there? It will not help reveal the true perpetrator!" This time, it was Alan’s advisor, who spoke. 
Apparently, the Crown Prince finally learned from his mistake and started to use his brain a little bit as he used his advisor to voice out his grievances now. 
"Every act of black magic leaves traces, that’s the principle of using black magic. The perpetrator must have something from the victim and the victim must have been implanted with something that contains black magic without them knowing it. In Princess Osana’s case, I believe we will find something in her palace that was suffused with black magic for her to suffer from the curse." Cane looked at the head of the royal sorcerers. "Correct me if I am wrong, magic is not my forte." 
"I don’t think so," Lady Cyan spoke for the first time, her voice rang throughout the main hall, it was calm and dignified. "From the way you spoke, it seems like you have learned about magic for quite some time." 
Cane smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes at all. "The King entrusted me with the problem that involves black magic and a cursed creature like the lycan, it is only natural for me to teach myself a little bit about it." 
Reading Cane’s answer, Iris really wanted to clap her hands. She was in awe with her mate. How could he be so calm to answer every question that came his way as if he had anticipated all kinds of questions? 
He didn’t even flinch when he talked about the lycan, exposing himself out there in the open to those people. He literally fooled them all, right in their faces. 
He twisted the story as he liked and if Iris didn’t know better, she would have a hard time distinguishing between what was true and what was not. 
"Actually, the curse on Princess Osana is not required for her to accidentally keep the black magic stone, as long as the dark magic user has her personal possession, the curse could be initiated." 
Hearing that, a malicious look glinted in Cane’s eyes. "My Lady, how do you know such a detail? Did you learn about black magic as well?" 
Haco had told him he couldn’t continue to make Princess Osana suffer, because there was another black magic user in the palace who killed children to counter his magic. Unless Cane wanted to turn a blind eye to the dead children, they should stop torturing the Princess. 
Haco himself was harshly against it. He could tolerate Cane tricking him into cursing the Princess, but he didn’t want to stain his hands with the blood of innocent children. 
So did the Alpha, thus they stopped and Princess Osana didn’t have any flare ups again recently. 
However, her condition was not improving, since the curse was not completely lifted. 
"I am from Andelus Continent, where the Holy Kingdom is, I know a thing or two about magic," Lady Cyan replied calmly, she looked unfazed, but her eyes flashed, she was on guard. The Alpha was not someone that she could look down upon. 
She had heard all the banter related to him and how he was a great negotiator, but only now she also learned, he was very cunning and his words hid his wickedness. 
This alpha was someone that could dig information by asking a simple question or get some clue by the way his opponent asked him. Even a question that was thrown at him could be a source of information for him. 
Not wanting Cane to dig deeper into her background, Lady Cyan shifted the topic. Most of the people knew if she was really from the Andelus continent, but it was still a question of whether she could use magic or not.
"In that case, why don’t we go to the East Palace?" 
"It could be someone else who has cursed the Princess." The head sorcerer was trying to appeal to his case. "There is a possibility it was another dark magic user who had done it." 
If it was proven the witch that had tried to curse the Alpha was the same black magic user who had cursed the princess, he would be doomed, after all, Princess Osana was the King’s blood sister. He didn’t know how he would survive the court, let alone keep his head intact. 
"Are you trying to say there are more traitors within your ranks? Just how many of your magic users have turned into dark sorcerers?" Cane asked him bluntly.
###Chapter 337: A DOWNFALL
Chapter 337: A DOWNFALL
"Are you trying to say there are more traitors within your ranks? Just how many of your magic users have turned into dark sorcerers?" Cane asked him bluntly, his words were sharp enough to make the head sorcerer gasp in shock. 
"There is no way I condone a betrayal within our ranks!" The head sorcerer cried, he was extremely agitated and then turned to the King. "My King, this is not true, my people and I are loyal to the throne!" 
However, instead of listening to his grievances, the King barked angrily. "Still not moving?!" 
Startled, the head sorcerer immediately recoiled and shut his mouth, as he lowered his head. He couldn’t afford to aggravate the King further. 
And not long after that, all of them headed to the East Palace, where princess Osana had been staying for weeks ever since she got cursed. 
Right now, as creatures with a keen sense of smell, where they could smell the faintest scent, all of them could smell the acrid odor lingering around this palace and the more they walked into the palace, the stronger the odor was. 
Iris could smell it halfway to Princess Osana’s bedroom, but even then, she already felt the black magic stones that were implanted around this building. 
"In the garden next to this chamber," Iris said, as she walked toward the garden next to Princess Osana’s bedroom. She walked closer to a big window under the balcony, from where the Princess could enjoy viewing her garden and the beautiful scenery from her vantage point on the second floor. "Here." Iris pointed her finger at a certain spot on the ground and two guards started digging it up and found a piece of folded white fabric 
Once they unfolded it, they could see a small stone. 
The guards gave it to the head of the sorcerers, who then confirmed it was a black magic stone after around ten minutes of observation. 
"Yes, this is a dark magic stone," he mumbled in distress, because it was proven a witch under his tutelage had performed black magic. 
The fact that Iris could sense the black magic stone when the head of the royal sorcerer needed a few minutes to figure out what it actually was was still inconceivable. 
Beside the King, Lady Cyan narrowed her eyes at the Luna; she didn’t usually stand out, aside from her peculiar color of hair and eyes and the fact she was a runt. 
She had been trying to feel Iris, but there was nothing about her. She couldn’t sense whether she was a magic user or not. It was either because she had a very powerful power that could conceal it or she really had none of it. 
Both options didn’t sound right with Cyan, because there was no way a runt had a powerful magic power, but the fact she could sense the dark magic stones proved she was not ordinary. 
"My King, have you looked into her background?" Lady Cyan asked the King beside her, while the people around them that followed to the East Palace murmured in amazement when Iris pointed out yet another magic stone that had been buried near Princess Osana’s chamber. Currently, she had found around five stones and the head sorcerer confirmed all of them were dark magic stones. 
"What should I look into? She is a runt, the daughter of Gerald." The King had seen her a few times in the past when she was little, but because Gerald always made her stay inside her bedroom, it was a rare occasion to be able to see this auburn haired girl. 
Lady Cyan didn’t seem pleased when she heard such an answer. "I want a thorough background check on her, you need to dig out more information about this luna." That was not a plea, it sounded almost like an order, her attitude was not proper for someone with her standing to have in front of the King. She was a mistress after all, even the Queen should treat the King with the utmost respect. 
However, the King said nothing about her rudeness, instead he talked to his advisor through mind- link and gave the task to him. He would start to investigate Iris’ background deeper just because his mistress said so. 
"That’s it," Iris said after she pointed out the eighth stone, which the head of the royal sorcerers collected with trembling hands. 
The poor old man knelt in front of the King with the evidence laid in front of him. He couldn’t deny the involvement of the witch within his ranks with the dark magic anymore. 
"My King, the witch has nothing to do with me, I don’t know about it at all!" The head sorcerer cried out loud. "The other royal sorcerers and I have nothing to do with this, we don’t know about this!" 
"There are not many dark magic users and black magic has been banned for decades, thus for a member of the royal family to be cursed under your watch is a big crime! It was negligence on your part that had caused this and made the Princess suffer!" Cane spoke before the King could utter a single word, but no one stopped him. They all just listened to him. "It’s a crime against the royal family!" 
On the other hand, Iris grimaced, she still did not get used to the smooth way Cane could speak about these things. He was the person who had asked Haco to curse the Princess, but one couldn’t find any trace of guilty conscience in the way he spoke those words. 
Lou watched the entire thing unfold, but he couldn’t put his finger on the flaw of the situation. Everything that Cane said made sense and the merchant felt what the Alpha said was the truth. Yet, deep down, he knew it was part of his scheme, knowing how cunning Cane was, but he couldn’t see how he put this monumental plot into his plan. 
Since when did he have everything planned out? 
Not only Lou, lady Cyan also observed the whole thing unfold and was on alert, she could feel her plan would meet a stalemate and the situation slip slowly out of her grasp. 
"Ask him about his plan," Lady Cyan said to the King in a low voice, which none of the people around them could notice. She looked at Iris and wondered whether she could sense a dark magic user as well or not. She should have pointed her out if she could, right? 
And the King did ask the thing Lady Cyan wanted to know. 
"I want to investigate the royal sorcerers first," Cane said, he had everything under his thumb, even the heads of the privileged families in the capital city looked at the Alpha in a different light. Before this, they only saw Cane as a former slave, who was raised into power. 
Lady Cyan gave a subtle agreement before the King said he agreed to that, while the head sorcerer was trembling in fear. Dark sorcerers were hard to be found, but they would leave a few things behind that indicated they were one, since black magic was a crude magic. 
She wanted to feel Cane. Who was he targeting? With this whole mess, she wanted to know who had become his target to have a downfall.
###Chapter 338: THEY FOUND SOMETHING
Chapter 338: THEY FOUND SOMETHING
Iris followed Cane to search through the whole wizard tower with the help of hundreds of royal warriors under Cane’s authority. They flipped through all the things within the tower to get information that they needed. And among those people, there were warriors from the Howling Wolf pack as well. 
Amidst this mess and their main assignment to find more information on black magic, no one would notice that Cane’s warriors were looking for different information entirely, since they knew they wouldn’t find anything there. 
Iris was not sure what they were looking for, but of course, it would be something that would benefit Cane and add more to his knowledge about the whole palace’s affairs. Her head was throbbing painfully because of lack of sleep and worrying over Cane’s complicated scheme. She didn’t think her brain would be on par with his even when she was in her best condition. 
And, Iris couldn’t help it anymore. It was only two hours until sunrise and her eyelids felt so heavy. She couldn’t resist dozing off, as she sat down on a chair, leaning her head against the wall beside her. 
On the other hand, Cane immersed himself in the ledger that recorded all the activities the royal sorcerers engaged in in the years prior. He was inside the study room of the head sorcerer alone with Iris, while the warriors continued rummaging through the other parts of this wizard tower. 
It took a long time for him to realize Iris had actually fallen asleep, curling herself on the chair, hugging her knees, and almost falling. 
He took long strides to reach her and secured her body before she hurt herself. For a moment, he stared at her with his deep gaze, as he caressed her cheek. 
This woman didn’t know how crucial this situation was and how important her role was in his grand scheme. He wouldn’t be able to pull it off without her and make all the process run this smoothly. It was faster than he imagined to reach this point and get his hands on this classified information of the royal sorcerers. 
Cane knelt down in front of Iris and kissed her hand, while whispering a simple appreciation of ’thank you’. 
He meant it. 
Cane put down the logbook on the floor and carefully picked Iris’ body up. He headed to the long sofa and put her down there gently. She was still asleep. She could sleep everywhere and he found this trait of hers very endearing, though he would like her to be more cautious about her surroundings for her own safety. 
He took the book and then walked back to the sofa, as he lifted her head and put it on his lap before he sat down. 
Cane used one hand to read the logbook, while his other hand absentmindedly played with her hair, feeling the soft strands between his fingers. As the sun rose in the horizon, dyeing the sky with a bright color, through the window, the golden light spilled inside this room, adding to the serenity between the two people.
Iris slept through the morning and only woke up around afternoon, but could not find Cane around her, instead, it was Hanna, who was waiting for her with a tray of food. It was already lunch time. 
"Where is Cane?" Iris asked, as she pushed herself from the sofa and a cloak fell from her body to her lap. She rubbed her eyes sleepily. 
"The Alpha is in the main hall with all the important people," Hanna informed her with a complicated look in her eyes. 
Reading that, Iris immediately sat straight, her sleepiness disappeared almost immediately. For Cane to be in the main hall with all the important people was not something that you could take lightly. There must be something big going on while she fell asleep. 
"What happened?" Iris immediately pulled Hanna to sit down next to her. She realized she was still in the head royal sorcerer’s study room and it must be Cane, who had put her on the sofa before he covered her with his cloak. His scent lingered around her body and she liked it. 
"Something big happened, Miss," Hanna said in a small voice, as if she was afraid someone would listen to their conversation, though it was not possible, since Trion and Redmond stood on guard outside, while most of the royal magic users were kneeling down in front of the King’s palace, begging for the King for forgiveness and to show mercy on them. 
"Tell me what happened." Iris became anxious to see Hanna like this. Her heart hammered in her chest, as her mind started to fill with all the worst possible things that could happen, while she was sleeping. 
Hanna told Iris that they found the Crown Prince’s stamp inside the dead witch’s chamber. The Crown Prince stamp was not as powerful as the golden stamp that was currently in Cane’s possession, but that stamp entailed significant authority. 
The problem was; because of how neglectful and careless Alan was; he lost it a few times after he was given the title as the Crown Prince. 
If he could be so reckless with the golden stamp, of course, it would not be shocking news if he lost this one as well. 
Usually, they would create a new stamp and annul the previous one. At this point, the Crown Prince probably didn’t even realize he had lost it, until they found it in an unexpected place. 
The fact one of the Crown Prince’s stamps was found inside the dead witch’s chamber led them to eye him with suspicion. 
The turn of the events painted him as the suspect, none other than the perpetrator, behind black magic usage and the lycan’s appearance, also the successive monster attacks inside the palace. 
Those were heavy crimes and if even one was proven right, no matter how much the King favored his son, the King would incur wrath of the people if he turned blind eyes to this mishap and gave Alan a light punishment, like he did when he mishandled the golden stamp. 
"What!?" Iris was dumbfounded. How could Cane get his hands on the Crown Prince’s stamp? How did he manage to do that? The Crown Prince’s palace was heavily guarded, not everyone was able to come and go as they pleased. 
"All the people ask the King to allow Alpha Cane to comb his palace, but the Crown Prince was adamant to not let anyone step into his place. And it doesn’t look good on him, because it makes people suspect him even more." 
Hanna then picked up the tray and put it on Iris’ lap. 
"You need to eat first, Miss. The Alpha said he will come fetch you soon, because he needs your help again." 
"With what?" Iris was more than willing to help, but Cane was very unpredictable and she couldn’t figure out what he would ask her to do. 
"I don’t know." Hanna leaned over and spoke in a whispery tone, though it didn’t make any difference to Iris. "Miss, the King is strong-arming this information from leaking out to the public, but the Alpha has ordered his men to start spreading the rumor. I overheard the conversation between him and Ethan."
###Chapter 339: ALAN LOST HIS MIND
Chapter 339: ALAN LOST HIS MIND
Lady Cyan’s face darkened when she watched how the situation turned out. People suspected Alan and their suspicion only strengthened with the way he adamantly refused to be investigated. 
"I have nothing to do with it!" Alan roared angrily, he stomped his feet, as his face turned red. "I am going to kill you all if you take even a step into my palace!" His threat really didn’t help with his case. "How dare you to suspect me!" 
Alan felt wronged. He had done countless atrocious things and lied about many things, but this time, he swore with his life he had nothing to do with the whole ordeal regarding black magic, the curse on his aunt Osana or the cursed creature like the lycan. 
He felt violated and extremely displeased. 
However, as usual, he failed to see his current predicament and read the room. Because the power dynamic he was trying to rely on in front of these men only made him dig his own grave deeper. 
Cyan was furious, but she was even more upset with her son. She knew his stupidity would push him into difficult situations, but he was literally dragging them down with him. 
"Let the Alpha investigate," Cyan said in a low voice to the King. She really wanted to slap Alan. No. She wanted to strangle him to death. If it was not for his importance, she would have killed her own son a long time ago. It was a shame and a pain in the arse to have stupid people around you. 
"Enough!" King Aeon’s voice boomed inside the throne room. He glared at everyone present there, who dropped their chins immediately, as they held back their tongues. 
However, Cane looked at the King unsympathetically. He had been silent ever since the last statement he made, which created an uproar among the people inside this hall, as they demanded for the Crown Prince to go through with the investigation. 
Especially the people from the Red Claw pack. Enraged was not even a word that could describe what they looked like right now. Laluna and Lady Ayla had been crying and screaming for justice for the fourth prince. It was beyond chaotic. 
"SILENCE!" 
King Aeon felt his head throb painfully, ever since troubles came one after the other, he had been having problems with his own health. It was a bad sign for a shifter to fall ill, since they could heal pretty fastly. It was very scarce for a shifter to fall sick. 
"If this whole mess has nothing to do with you, there is no need to reject the investigation to prove your innocence!" King Aeon barked at Alan, who gritted his teeth and balled his fists. 
Alan was mad, he felt wronged! He didn’t have any interest in black magic! 
However, given his record of wrong conduct and the way he acted without any scrupulousness when he broke all the rules made it hard to believe him. After all, it was very believable for him to stray to the wrong path and play fire with black magic. 
"NO! I won’t allow anyone to step into my palace! It’s a disrespectful action toward the royal family! I am the Crown Prince of this kingdom!" 
King Aeon was furious to hear that. What did he count him for? He was the King! "Drag him out of the hall and lock him inside a room! He is not allowed to leave until I say so!" King Aeon then shifted his attention toward Cane. "You may start the investigation!" 
"NO!" Alan roared, he was seething when two warriors came over to arrest him. "I AM GOING TO KILL YOU IF YOU TOUCH ME! HOW DARE YOU TO TOUCH A ROYAL FAMILY MEMBER! I AM THE CROWN PRINCE!" He went ballistic, as he shifted into his beast form, which shocked everyone else there. 
You were not allowed to shift into your beast in the presence of the King, unless you were a royal warrior and under the command of the King, as by doing so, it was counted as a threat. 
However, Alan had lost his mind. He didn’t want anyone to enter his palace, let alone investigate his place! 
The diamond tiger! 
He got the creature from the black market, but he had been warned that the diamond tiger was stolen from the Red Claw pack and right now, the same pack was present here and was in a strained relationship with the royals because of the problem with Prince Vemion! 
If they found the diamond tiger... 
Things would only get more and more complicated, not to mention he would be put in an even more difficult position. 
The diamond tiger was one thing, in his place, there were a lot of things that would incur anyone’s wrath if they learned about it and with Cane’s personality, Alan knew he would unearth every single piece of his wrongdoings. 
Forget about black magic, what they would find there would be equal to that crime! People in the court already hated the fact he was still holding the position of the Crown Prince, after all the atrocious acts and poor performance on his part, which didn’t reflect his worthiness of the title. 
It was a lose- lose situation for Alan. 
He was innocent in the whole matter regarding Vemion and black magic! How did he become the main suspect!? 
"Impudence!" The King was infuriated that Alan dared to shift into his beast in front of him! "Catch him and put him in the dungeon!" He was seeing red at this point. 
Earlier, the King only ordered his men to put him inside one of the rooms in the King palace, under strict surveillance, right now, he wanted to send him straight to the dungeon. 
Hearing the order, three more warriors came forward and shifted into their beasts to tackle down the grey beast with golden eyes, who snarled ferociously. 
Ethan really wanted to join them, but Cane gave him a stern look when he was about to step forward, which made him purse his lips sullenly. He would love to claw the Crown Prince once or twice, under the pretext of him trying to tackle him down. 
But of course, he could only be content by watching how the grey beast was all bark and no brawl, because it was very clear this prince was the worst fighter ever. 
It was easy to control him and drag him out of the hall. The humiliation he suffered really made Ethan feel satisfied, at least, he could ease a little bit of his own indignation. 
"You can start with the investigation now!" King Aeon snapped at Cane. He was extremely angry at this point. 
On the other hand, Lady Cyan said nothing when she watched her son being dragged out of the hall. She would deal with him later. 
"Yes, My King," Cane replied politely, which grated King Aeon’s ears wrongly. "I will fetch my mate from the wizard tower right now. She will be able to recognize black magic stones if there are any in the Crown Prince’s palace." 
"I would like to come as well, as the mother of the Crown Prince, I want to see if the investigation is proceeding fairly."
###Chapter 340: THE MAN WITH STORM
Chapter 340: THE MAN WITH STORM
Iris finished her meal as fast as she could, because she wanted to go and see Cane. She felt uncomfortable sitting silently and even felt guilty because she fell asleep comfortably when the others were facing a hard time. She was very sure Cane didn’t get any sleep last night. 
"Slow down, missy, you will get a stomach ache if you eat like that," Hanna warned her lightly, but Iris pushed aside the plate and declared she was done. She only ate half of her meal. 
"Let’s go." 
"The Alpha will come to fetch you." 
Iris shook her head as she stood up and picked up Cane’s cloak. She wore it and it felt so warm. 
"We can wait outside of the building, it will save time for him too, so he doesn’t need to go back and forth," Iris said impatiently, as she put on her shoes and walked toward the door. 
Knowing she wouldn’t be able to talk her down, Hanna didn’t have any other choice, but to follow her missy. 
Once Iris stepped out, Trion greeted her happily, while Redmond looked at her with a frown between his brows. 
"Wait," Redmond said sternly, as he grabbed Iris’ arm before she could dash to her mate. 
Seeing this, Iris frowned because she was being stopped. "What is it?" 
"We need to talk." Redmond didn’t wait for Iris’ reply and dragged her back into the royal sorcerer’s study room. When Hanna tried to follow them inside, Redmond closed the door before she could enter. "Leave us alone for a while," he said before he slammed the door shut. 
"What do you want to talk about?" Iris stood in the middle of the room, her blue eyes alight with irritation. 
"Do you know what he has been doing? With all of his plans? Did he tell you about it all?" Redmond asked all the questions that had been piling up in his head. "Did he give you a clear picture of his plan?" 
Ethan and the others had undying faith in Cane, they believed him unconditionally. Even if they had to go through fire and storm without any explanation, they would make sure to complete the task that was given to them with flying colors. 
However, it was Cane’s trait not to divulge his plan to anyone else. He only gave people an order, telling them what had to be done without further explanation, until they could figure it all out by themselves. 
The members of the Howling Wolf pack were extremely loyal to their alpha. 
But, Redmond was not from the Howling Wolf pack, he didn’t pledge his loyalty to Cane. It frustrated him when he had to follow his orders, because his intention in the beginning when he refused to bend his knees to the Alpha was so he didn’t need to have Cane ordering him around. 
Yet, he ended up in the same state he had tried to avoid. 
More so, without any explanation, how could they expect him to do any task blindly? He felt like he was walking on eggshells. He didn’t know the plan, thus he wouldn’t know when something went wrong with this plan. 
While the others completely trusted their alpha’s judgment, the same thing didn’t work with Redmond. He wanted to be sure about what they were doing and what direction they were heading in. 
"No, he didn’t." Iris’ answer was clear, she didn’t even try to lie to him, even when she knew what Redmond’s intention was by asking her such a question. 
"And you don’t even plan to figure it out? Have you asked?" Redmond looked even more frustrated, though he had expected the answer from her. "Are you even aware that he is playing a dangerous game?" 
Redmond was not sure what Cane’s end game was, but he knew the Alpha aimed for something big and he was worried about it, especially when he was clueless about what he was going to do. 
The Alpha was very meticulous with his plan, but even so, to shake the entire royal family and cause trouble within the palace was a huge risk. 
Not to mention the fact that Cane himself was the lycan and there was still this question about the dark wisp that emanated from his body the other day, what was that? 
It was so dangerous. 
"I know. I was there when the lycan killed Prince Vemion." Iris reminded him. Cane had warned her about what kind of future she would face if she chose to stay by his side. He emphasized how he wouldn’t tone down his actions just because of her. Iris understood and she chose to stay by him. "I am aware of what he is doing and how dangerous the situation we are in is." 
"And you are fine with that? Even when he keeps you in the dark, by not telling you anything about his plan?" Redmond scoffed. "I didn’t know that you have blind faith in your mate." He mentioned the word ’mate’ in a derisive tone. 
Reading what he said, Iris narrowed her eyes. She used to be a timid person, but this would be the second time Redmond watched how she held her ground. 
"What actually do you want to say?" 
"If he trusts you, he will not keep you in the dark. It is fine with me if he doesn’t share his plan, but you are his mate. You should have a right to say something." 
What Redmond wanted to say was; he wanted Iris to have power over her own decisions, because as he was seeing it right now, she was more like a people pleaser, who wanted to get constant acknowledgement from the people around her. She tried so hard to be liked and even put herself in danger without a second thought. He wanted her to think about herself as well. 
Because at the end of the day, she was the one he pledged his loyalty to. 
"He asked me twice and my answer is still the same." Iris’ voice was so firm. She looked Redmond in the eyes when she spoke, there was no hesitation. "I will stand by him." 
Iris stood straight in front of the warrior, she didn’t cower, nor did she flinch when Redmond stared at her intensely. 
"This is the end of your questioning. You pledged your loyalty to me and you will follow me, no questions asked. That’s your oath to me." 
Redmond gritted his teeth, he couldn’t say anything anymore. He had never questioned anything when he served Alpha Gerald, but with her, he became a little bit overprotective in his own way. 
"Men carrying pain are catastrophic, literal storms, and your mate is in so much pain." Redmond didn’t mean it literally, but most of the time revenge could consume you and create storms that would hurt the people around you. 
Iris squinted her eyes and for a split second, Redmond felt his heart tremble at the sight of those blue eyes. "Sometimes, you need to be the worst you could be to survive in this world." 
After saying that, Iris left, she didn’t want to share another meaningless conversation with Redmond, but after she walked out of the room, the warrior scoffed, as a helpless smile tugged up the corners of his lips. 
"As it turned out, Cane has slowly changed you." The timid little girl he knew wouldn’t say such a thing.
###Chapter 341: REDMOND’S MEMORIES OF HER
Chapter 341: REDMOND’S MEMORIES OF HER
Redmond was only fifteen when he saw baby Iris for the first time. Alpha Gerald was vexed because he got a baby girl instead of a boy from his favorite woman, who was none other than Iris’ mother. 
He threw a month-long party, which was attended by all the Alphas in the southern packs, except the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack. The party was filled with alcohol and women. Naked women walked down the corridors without wearing anything. 
That was the first time for Redmond to see so many women naked in his fifteen years of life and also the first time he had sex with a woman twice his age. He remembered that woman complimenting his red hair before passing out on top of him. 
His first time was not really ecstatic, but it was still memorable. After he got dressed and left that woman, he walked toward the garden, where he could see the balcony of Luna Nera’s chamber. 
Luna Nera was not Alpha Gerald’s fated mate, but he chose her to be his luna because he liked her more than Mason’s mother. 
On the balcony, young Redmond could see a beautiful woman standing, holding a baby in her arms. Tears streamed down her beautiful face, while she stared at her month old baby girl blankly, knowing her mate was in another woman’s arms right now, being pleasured by countless women. Not to mention the party was so loud and this distressed the Luna even more. Apparently, sensing what her mother felt, the baby couldn’t seem to sleep either. She kept crying for the whole night. 
Redmond saw the baby in Luna Nera’s arms, it was Iris. Luna Nera named her Iris. 
When Iris was just one year old, Luna Nera died and she was to be taken care of by an old lady, who was Luna Nera’s personal maidservant, who too died a few years after. 
When Iris was three years old, Redmond met her, playing on her own in the garden and before he realized it, he had walked toward her and sat down next to the little girl with curly hair. 
He didn’t do anything and only watched over the baby girl, so she wouldn’t get into trouble until her nanny came. 
However, seeing someone accompanying her there, Iris started trying to play with him. She was smiling and giggling, looking all innocent and pure and this made Redmond frown. 
He was under training to become a warrior and the training was very harsh to say the least. Some people would even die during the training and not to mention the bullying within the ranks. The competition was so fierce, thus it was so weird to see such a na?ve smile baby Iris showed to him. 
Redmond didn’t smile back, because it was weird for him to smile. He had forgotten how to do it. 
Yet, the baby gave him a flower that she found and tried to hug him, trying to give him comfort, since in her eyes, he looked so sad. 
At the same time, Redmond bolted up and walked away from that little creature, who looked at him with teary eyes because he left. She tried to follow him, but there was no way her tiny little steps could match his. 
After that, it was so rare for Redmond to see her again until the day the Blue Moon pack was attacked and fell into Cane’s hands. Probably, he met her only a handful times during all those years, but every time he saw her, she would look so sad. 
He reported her one time when he caught her giving food to the slaves, putting her into trouble with Mason and after that, he stayed away from her, since he couldn’t betray the oath he gave to the Alpha and he had an obligation to inform what she was doing. 
And today, Iris was a luna for two packs, she didn’t look as sad as before and if he could say, she was rather fierce nowadays, though he could still see traces of that little girl, who gave him a flower she found, every now and then. 
Iris would never remember that, but Redmond would never forget that seemingly insignificant moment, because at that time, he was going through a lot, his mate died a few days prior and no one sympathized with him, and the only person who smiled warmly at him was that little girl. 
It felt so silly when he thought back to it, as he clung onto the rare fraction of warmth he received in his entire life. 
At this moment, that little girl had grown into a beautiful woman and started to see the world differently. It was a good thing, but at the same time, that sweet little girl would no longer be there eventually. 
Redmond walked behind Iris and Hanna with Trion, as they headed to the King’s palace, but they met Cane on his way to fetch her. 
Iris’ eyes lit up and her face brightened up when she saw him as she quickened her pace. 
"What happened?" Iris asked in a low voice, as she glanced at the people behind Cane’s back, she saw Lady Cyan staring at her and a few other people did the same. 
"We will go to the Crown Prince’s palace. I need you to find the black magic stone there," Cane said. He glanced at the cloak Iris was wearing and tucked loose strands of her hair behind her ear. 
Reading that, Iris was slightly confused. Wasn’t it only eight black magic stones? And she had found all of them. Was there more? 
However, Iris couldn’t ask that question, because there were so many people, so she nodded and Cane took her inside the carriage that would fetch them there. 
Inside, when Iris was about to ask him, Cane had closed his eyes and this made her swallow back her question. She was sure he didn’t get enough sleep last night and tonight was a new moon. He would be easily tired during this time. 
Out there, the sky was so clear and the weather was slightly warm right now, but Iris liked wearing Cane’s cloak. It was so comfortable. 
It wasn’t long before they arrived at the Crown Prince’s palace and once they got there, there were around two hundred warriors led by the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack, accompanied by the warriors from the Red Claw pack as well to comb the entire place. 
With the warriors from the Red Claw pack and the Howling Wolf pack there, nothing would be left behind, not to mention that Koda joined the group as well. 
"Do you feel something?" Lady Cyan approached Iris, but because she wasn’t facing her, she didn’t know what she was talking about. 
"Miss." Hanna nudged her so Iris could be aware of Lady Cyan’s presence, while Cane was talking to Koda a little bit further from them. 
"My Lady, I am sorry I didn’t realize you are here," Iris said politely, after Hanna told her what she asked. "Yes, I feel something, it seems to be somewhere on the second floor," she replied honestly. This feeling was even more stronger than when she tried to find those eight black stones in the East Palace. 
"Really?" Lady Cyan extended her hand for Iris to take. "Why don’t we go up there to check on it?"
###Chapter 342: THE TARGET OF THE ALPHA
Chapter 342: THE TARGET OF THE ALPHA
Iris stared at the hand that was extended to her and took it, while Lady Cyan held her hand firmly. It was so firm, until she frowned when she felt the strength behind it. She didn’t need to hold her hand this strong, as if she was going to run away or something. 
Yet, Iris said nothing, as she stared at lady Cyan, but she was smiling at her, not feeling weird about the way she grabbed her hand. 
Right at that time, Cane finished talking with Koda, as both of them walked over to Lady Cyan and Iris. The Alpha glanced at their hands, but said nothing about it. 
"Alpha Derick has headed to the Crown Prince’s bedroom with my gamma," Cane informed Lady Cyan. 
This time, the King didn’t come with them and Lady Cyan was in charge of overseeing the investigation so it could run smoothly and fairly. 
"Yes, I am going to take your luna to the second floor too because she seems to sense something up there," Lady Cyan replied and pulled Iris along with her. She walked gracefully and Cane didn’t stop her, as he followed the two women from behind with Koda beside him. 
Behind the two men, the head of the royal sorcerers and three more sorcerers ascended the stairs. The old sorcerer’s expression looked ashen when he heard the Luna sensed something from the Crown Prince’s bedroom. Would it be another black magic stone? So, it was true that the witch had joined hands with the Crown Prince, cursed at Princess Osana and created terror in the capital city by playing with black magic and brought the cursed lycan into this realm? 
The head of the royal sorcerers was too dense to understand the power play and the trickery among those powerful figures. 
Hanna couldn’t go with Iris so she stayed with Trion, who searched the first floor with the other warriors, but Redmond did. However, he kept his distance, as he observed his surroundings and took notes of everything. 
The moment they stepped inside this room, they could see several maidservants kneeling on the floor. They were only in their undergarments. Even though this room was warm, they were trembling, seemingly, out of fear to see so many people of high status inside the room, especially Lady Cyan. 
"What are you doing? Put your clothes on!" Lady Cyan spoke sternly, as she glared at the royal warriors to take those maidservants out of the room. 
Koda glanced at them and frowned. Needless to say, they knew why those women were in that state and could figure out what Alan had been doing to them, but it was not unheard of how people like Alan abused his power and took liberties with women around him. 
On the other hand, Iris grimaced at the sight of them, but said nothing, while Cane looked unperturbed. 
Iris cut straight to the cabinet near the window and tried to open it, but it was locked. She let go of Lady Cyan’s hand because she felt uncomfortable. Her hand felt so cold, as if she had been spending her time holding an ice cube or something. 
"It’s locked," Iris said, as she turned to look at Cane. 
"You feel something from there?" Koda asked and Iris nodded. 
"My Lady," Koda started, as he shifted his attention to Lady Cyan. "This is part of the investigation, I need to break open the cabinet." 
"You can do as you please, Sir Dwan," she said to Koda. "I am here merely to see the whole process and don’t have any intention to shield my son if he is really proven guilty." 
It came as a surprise for them when Lady Cyan seemed very cooperative. It made Koda less suspicious of her. 
"Excuse me," Koda said, as he walked toward the cabinet and Cane came to Iris, as he pulled his mate closer to him, so she wouldn’t get hurt when Koda destroyed the lock. 
Cane’s gesture and the way he protected Iris, even to the smallest detail of his movement around this runt, didn’t go unnoticed by Lady Cyan. She took note of everything. Not to mention how she felt nothing when she touched Iris. What was the deal with this runt? 
However, Cane could sense the way Lady Cyan observed him, still his expression didn’t change in the slightest. There was something more to this lady. She was not a mere favorite mistress of the King... 
Koda broke the lock of the cabinet right in front of Lady Cyan and stepped aside to let Iris get the thing that she felt ominous about. 
Iris immediately went closer and took something from the lower part of the cabinet, it was hidden behind a few statues and when she finally pulled it out, it was actually the same piece of folded white fabric and inside there was something a little bit bigger than the shard of black magic stone. 
The sorcerers frowned when they saw this and Lady Cyan squinted her eyes, while Iris gave the item to the head of the royal sorcerers, who opened it and found a ring inside. 
Just like other people, Iris was also clueless about the thing inside of the fabric, but when she saw the ring, she was sure it was not made of magic stone, yet she could sense the ominous feeling from it all the same. 
Iris glanced at Cane with a questioning look, but she couldn’t ask him outright, because there were a lot of people there. 
So, she was not only able to sense magic stones, but the media of black magic as well? Since when Cane did notice this, when even she was not aware of it? 
Iris stood next to her mate and grabbed his hand. Cane glanced over at her and brushed her bangs lightly, as a form of comfort, he could see how Iris was dying to ask him a lot of questions. 
"This... this..." the head of the sorcerers was trembling when he examined the ring. It took him longer than earlier to determine what that was. "This ring is cursed..." he said. 
"If I am not mistaken, that ring belongs to Princess Osana, she wore it during the new year party," Cane said smoothly. That was also how he recognized that ring on Will’s finger on that dreadful night. 
Lady Cyan’s face darkened when she heard that, but she kept her composure. "We need to discuss this with the king," she murmured. 
Alan. 
This alpha’s target was Alan. He aimed for his downfall. 
That was the conclusion Lady Cyan drew from this finding. She knew her son and was sure he had nothing to do with black magic. Moreover, the dead witch was her own people, someone that she nurtured by herself and there was no way she would collaborate with Alan without her knowing it. 
It was Alan and she got the answer she needed. 
On the other hand, Cane’s original plan was not to have Lady Cyan, but the King himself, bear the witness of everything that unfolded here, but it seemed, having this mistress was a better option, especially when she volunteered herself. 
At the same time, a royal guard came to inform them of something. "We found something in the underground room."
###Chapter 343: PRECIOUS POSSESSION
Chapter 343: PRECIOUS POSSESSION
The guard, who came to inform them about finding something in the underground room, actually came to give the report to Koda, because Alpha Dristan sent him over. 
However, because things had escalated to this point and because this investigation fell under Cane’s responsibility, thus it was only right to notify and include him as well. 
The problem with Lady Cyan could wait, after all, the Lady had confirmed it herself that the ring indeed belonged to Princess Osana while the head of royal sorcerers concluded that it was indeed suffused with black magic. 
Black magic and curses were not something you would see every day, thus if you found it, you would be able to connect the dots between things and with a personality like Alan’s, he most likely tried something he shouldn’t, breaking yet another rule. 
"Can I go?" Iris asked Cane, because she didn’t want to be left behind with Lady Cyan. She felt uncomfortable with her, as if she was going to do something bad. Probably it was only her feeling, but she didn’t like this lady, though she didn’t do anything to her. 
Cane didn’t reply, but he took her hand and led her out of the room, as he ordered three royal warriors to thoroughly search inside the room with Redmond as the person in charge. 
Redmond groaned and gave the Alpha a look, then he said nothing but started to do his task, while Lady Cyan stood in her place, staring at Cane and Iris’ retreating backs. Koda had left first with the royal guard who informed them. 
"What is your name?" Lady Cyan asked Redmond. 
"Redmond, My Lady," he replied politely. 
"Are you from the Howling Wolf pack?" 
Redmond shook his head. "I am from the Blue Moon pack, My Lady." 
Lady Cyan didn’t ask another question again and walked out of the room, leaving them to do their job. She had made a mistake by not seeing it coming. Alpha Cane had been well prepared with his scheme to trick Alan to have a downfall. There was nothing she could do to prevent it. She had already lost one step to him and now what she needed to do was to prepare for the counterattack. 
It didn’t go unnoticed by her the way Redmond looked dissatisfied with Cane. 
Meanwhile, in the underground area, where one should use this place as a shelter in case of an attack, the Crown Prince actually turned this area into a hellish place that one could only find in their darkest nightmare. 
Cane stopped walking and tapped Iris’ hand that clutched onto him. "Stay here," he said. He knew it wouldn’t be good, but he didn’t expect it to be this gruesome. 
They had not yet stepped inside, but as a shifter, he could already smell the acrid scent of blood mixed with many other unpleasant things. 
Cane had not yet seen it, but he was grimly familiar with this. It was no different from the dungeon he had lived in for a decade, a place which could suck out all of the hope from your mind and leave you with nothing, but affliction and agony. 
"I- I can handle it..." 
"Stay here." 
Cane’s voice was so firm, it was not so often for him to talk so sternly like this with her, leaving no space whatsoever for negotiation. Cane then pried her hand away from his and walked inside. 
It was only a short corridor, where Iris could see flickers of light that reflected on the walls from inside. She would be able to see what was happening there, if she took a few steps closer and poked her head. 
However, Cane’s warning made her stay in her place, but it did not last long, because her curiosity got the better of her and she decided to take a look. She would only take a peek. 
And with many royal warriors walking in and out of there, she didn’t think what she would see later was something she couldn’t handle. 
Yet, she was so wrong about it, because once she saw what was inside, her stomach churned and she couldn’t fight the urge to vomit. 
Iris immediately rushed to the corner across from her and emptied her stomach. Her body started trembling and her mind played the same scene she had seen over and over again. 
Inside that room, Iris saw a few cages, inside which were women, men and children. Each of them got their own cage. They were so skinny, as if they had not been fed for days, if it was not weeks and all of them were naked. 
However, what made Iris couldn’t hold it back was what she saw on the other side of that huge room. There, she noticed discarded body parts strewn on the dirty floor. 
There were more horrendous things, there was actually a man with six arms. Iris believed those additional arms were stitched to his body, while some other man had legs in place of their arms. 
And there were so many more... 
Iris couldn’t bear to see more. She didn’t know there was someone so cruel and brutal to do that to other creatures. 
What about the people inside those cages? Had they been forced to witness what happened to those poor souls? Were they thinking it would be their fate? Were they thinking it would be them next? 
Iris couldn’t even start to think if she were in their position. 
Her legs gave out and she almost knelt down and soiled her dress if it was not for someone holding her body up by putting their hand firmly on her waist. 
Iris immediately turned her head and saw Cane. There was a crease between his brows to see her condition right now, yet he said nothing. He must have known the reason why she was like this, after all this was why he didn’t allow her to come. 
Cane helped his mate rinse her mouth, after he asked a warrior to bring some water over. 
"Let’s get out of here." Cane supported her body, but Iris was too shaken up to walk straight, thus he carried her in his arms. Her body was trembling, as she sobbed silently against his shoulder with her arms wrapped around his neck tightly. 
When Cane took her out of the underground, Iris saw him. 
The warriors started to take out the people inside the cage and the first person who was being taken out was a little boy. His body was so small, but Iris immediately recognized him because of his white hair. She had seen him before in the black market. 
Diamond white tiger. 
That little boy was the last creature of his kind, his tears could turn into diamonds. 
That diamond white tiger was being carried by one of the warriors from the Red Claw pack, while Alpha Dristan was fuming mad when he found his treasure in the underground dungeon of the Crown Prince’s palace. 
He lost this Diamond white tiger almost a year ago because someone stole it and had been exerting some serious effort into finding it. 
"Damn that stupid crown prince! He is the worst thief!" Alpha Dristan’s face turned red. "Call the healer! This creature is almost dead!" He barked an order. The diamond white tiger was his precious possession!
###Chapter 344: A FEW HOURS BEFORE NEW MOON
Chapter 344: A FEW HOURS BEFORE NEW MOON
"Feeling better?" Cane asked, cradling Iris in his arms. She was no longer crying, but her body was still trembling. 
It was not his intention to traumatize her like this, but Cane didn’t intend to shield her from the cruelty around her either. It would be good if she was a little bit aware of it, since she got used to seeing the world from her innocent perspective. It was not a good thing to be na?ve and innocent in the world they lived in. He wanted her to see everything with open eyes. 
However, he knew it would be too much for her to witness what happened in the underground, that was why he told her to stay behind even after he took her there. 
Cane should have known her curiosity, oftentimes, would get the better of her. After all, she figured out about the lycan and his infertility all thanks to it, getting herself into unthinkable troubles. 
"I am sorry..." Iris said in a small voice. She apologized for not listening to him, though Cane said nothing about it. 
Currently, they were sitting on a bench, in the garden next to the Crown Prince’s palace, while the investigation was still going on there. 
She sat on his lap, leaning her head on his chest, while the sky had turned red because it was almost sunset. 
They basked under the beautiful golden rays of the sun, which fell on Cane’s face and highlighted his scar. 
"Does it hurt?" Iris asked, as she traced his scar with the tip of her finger. 
"No." 
"Did it hurt when my father did this to you?" Iris was about to cry again, she felt a lump in her throat recalling Cane and his people had gone through the same things. 
"Yes," Cane answered honestly, as he stared into her eyes. 
"I am sorry..." This was something she used to say and she couldn’t help it, even though she knew it was not her fault. "I am sorry." 
Cane said nothing, as he patted her back in an attempt to calm her down. He waited until Iris got over her emotions. 
"That was the diamond white tiger, right?" Iris asked after a long moment of silence between them. The sky had turned dark and the luminous pearls illuminated every corner of the palace. 
Cane looked down and nodded. "Yes." He saw the little diamond white tiger inside one of the cages. The creature was almost dead. Right now, Alpha Dristan must be very furious because his precious creature fell into the hands of the Crown Prince, even more so with the fact that this diamond white tiger was the last of his kind. 
"Cane..." Iris called his name hesitantly, but Cane immediately shook his head because he knew what she wanted to say. "I have not yet said anything." 
"You want to save the diamond white tiger," Cane stated matter of factly, which made Iris lower her head, but then he lifted her chin with his finger, so she could read what he was going to say. "You can’t save everyone, Iris, unless you hold power in your hand and are strong enough to carry the responsibilities. You need to save yourself first, until then, you can’t save anyone." 
In this realm, without power, you were nothing and right now, they didn’t have enough power to go head to head with the Red Claw pack directly. 
Iris’ blue eyes dimmed when she read that. She hugged Cane even tighter, looking for comfort over her grievances, while Cane was exceptionally patient with her. 
"Do you think he will be alright?" Iris lifted her head to look at Cane with her teary eyes. 
"He will be." 
"How so?" 
"For Alan, the creature is just an to play with, but Alpha Dristan saw the creature as a source of money, he will take care of him." Cane could see the reason behind why Alan liked to torture people with low status, someone, who didn’t have power to fight him back. He wanted to feel good about himself. Deep down, he must know how incapable and disappointing he was. 
The title of crown prince was too heavy for him when he could do nothing, but rely on his status alone. 
But, there were a few things that came to Cane’s mind after he met with lady Cyan and observed the subtle gestures between her and the King. 
However, before Cane could ask whether or not she felt something different about the lady and Iris could ask how Cane knew if she could sense the dark magic inside the ring, someone interrupted their conversation. 
Iris immediately wriggled her body to get down from his lap, but Cane held her firmly, he pushed her face into his chest to cover her swollen eyes and puffy face. 
"Koda," Cane greeted the other person casually. 
"Am I interrupting you guys?" Koda glanced at Iris, her curly hair was slightly messy. 
"Kind of," Cane replied, which pissed him off, but he had an important thing to tell him, so he swallowed the annoyance he felt toward this young alpha. 
"Alpha Dristan requested to see you in the same place," Koda said. 
"I will be there before midnight." Koda nodded and walked away. Cane patted Iris’ shoulder when it was only the two of them again. "I need to find Ethan," he said. 
Iris got down from his lap and Cane took her hand to look for the Gamma. They found him in the Crown Prince’s palace, still recording all of his crimes. 
"Everything is done?" Cane asked Ethan quietly, while Iris stood by his side, staring at the two of them with a questioning look. 
"Yes, everything has been prepared." Ethan glanced at Iris. "Have you told her?" 
"Later." 
Iris was confused, what did Cane need to tell her? 
"Redmond will throw a tantrum again if he knew about this." 
"Get a better handle on him." 
Ethan rolled his eyes and the two of them talked about a few more things before Cane took Iris to meet with Alpha Dristan and Koda near the East gate, the exit they used to get out of the palace the other day. 
"Cane, tonight is the new moon," Iris reminded him, because of what had been going on, she almost forgot about this. "It’s only three hours before midnight. Is it alright to meet with someone at a time like this?" 
Cane looked at her and then stopped walking. "There is something I want to tell you." 
"What is it?" Iris became anxious because Cane looked very serious. "What do you want to say?" 
"We will go to the Riverside pack tonight," Cane told her. 
"Tonight? To the Riverside pack?" Iris widened her eyes in disbelief. "How can you leave... all of this?" Iris flailed her arms to show the mess that Cane had created in the capital city. 
He would leave just like that? 
"You don’t need to worry about that." Cane caressed her earlobe, which made Iris flinch as she caught his hand to push it away from her ear. "I told you this so you will not be too surprised." 
Cane then took her hand again, as they walked together to meet with Alpha Dristan and Koda.
###Chapter 345: HE WAS NOT AN ALLY TO ANYONE
Chapter 345: HE WAS NOT AN ALLY TO ANYONE
Iris was still wearing his cloak and he pulled the hoodie down to cover her face and her hair, but one look at her body, anyone could easily recognize her. 
She thought Cane would leave her alone with Hanna and she would spend her night with her because he would be too busy taking care of the mess inside the palace. 
But, what Cane said about them leaving the capital city to go to the Riverside pack had completely caught her off guard. 
What about the problem with the Crown Prince? Princess Osana’s curse? Prince Kellan and the orphanage? Why would he go to the Riverside pack instead when he had created this whole mess? Would he just leave it all at that? 
Iris thought Cane would put his scheme into motion and stay in the capital city until he saw the result. So, why did he want to go to the Riverside pack all of a sudden? What was he going to do there? 
The more Iris thought about it, the more she found it hard to understand Cane’s way of thinking. Even as someone that was rather involved in his schemes, she was unable to figure out Cane’s next possible move, let alone those people that he used without them knowing it. 
Amidst her confusion, Iris stayed silent, as she followed Cane to meet with Alpha Dristan and Koda. This meeting was supposed to be a secret meeting between them. 
"Alpha Cane," Alpha Dristan greeted Cane with his deep voice. He had brown eyes and shoulder length hair, which he tied behind his nape. He was half a head shorter than Cane and his body was slightly lean for a male warrior, probably he got too comfortable with his wealth and enjoyed himself too much. 
"Alpha Dristan," Cane greeted him in the same way. 
Iris lifted her head slightly, so she could read what each were saying. 
"It’s a pleasure to finally meet you in person," Dristan said. All this time, their communication had happened through Koda. After all, two alphas talking to each other with the turmoil still brewing within the palace wouldn’t project either of them in a good light. They still needed to take precautions against the King. "I would like to thank you for the way you are assisting us." 
Koda glanced at Iris, even without looking at her face or her peculiar hair, he knew it was her and was rather confused because Cane looked so attached to this woman. He saw the way he cradled her in his arms earlier. Wasn’t she the daughter of Alpha Gerald? The person who had destroyed his entire pack? 
"From now on, it is up to you how you will take advantage of the situation," Cane said. "I have provided a situation you can gain the most benefit from. Plan your moves carefully." 
And the conversation lasted for half an hour. From what Iris could gather, it was Koda, who had put the ring inside the Crown Prince’s cabinet. It was the same ring that Cane got from Will. It belonged to Princess Osana and somehow, he managed to do that, since they had their own people inside the palace as well. 
After all, they had to have an insider, because Prince Vemion was from their pack and it would help Lady Ayla stabilize her position as the mistress of the King. 
After falling down while facing so many accusations against himself, Alan wouldn’t be able to get away unscathed anymore and the King would be forced to strip the title from him right away. 
Alan would be counted lucky if just his position was stripped from him, because the crimes against the royal family, such as putting curse on princess Osana could get him hanged. 
As for Cane, he really wanted to know to what extent the King would protect Alan and what the reason behind it was. Was it because of Lady Cyan? How powerful that mistress was to have the King wrapped around her finger? 
Therefore, once the position of the Crown Prince became vacant, the people from the Red Claw pack would push the baby in Laluna’s stomach, which was none other than Prince Vemion’s child, to fill the position. After all, none of the King’s other sons had a great family that got their backs, because most of them came from humble families in the capital city. 
It was up to Dristan and Koda how to bargain for the position with the King, because Cane had provided them with a favorable enough situation. He would let his game pieces move on their own, after he showed which path they should take. It would save him time and energy to deal with people he didn’t like. 
Especially people like Kellan. People from the Red Claw pack would be strong enough to suppress him from taking the position of the crown prince back. Letting them deal with that matter, Cane would take care of something else. 
Cane let his pieces move in the directions he wanted, making them think he was their ally, while the truth was far from it, he was not an ally to anyone. 
Beside him, Iris tugged his sleeve slightly, reminding Cane that it was almost midnight and he would shift into his lycan form any time soon. Iris was nervous that if they didn’t leave soon, he would expose himself to them, though she was sure Cane would have never planned to do that. 
"I will wait for the good news of your grandson’s birth." Cane nodded at Koda and Dristan at the end of their conversation, hearing which they were very pleased. 
Originally, Alpha Dristan didn’t mean to have a strained relationship with the royals or cut on the supply of the magic stones, as it would lead to a war, but after he heard the plan from Koda, he changed his mind. After all, the situation of having someone from their pack crowned as the next king would only shower them with long term benefits. 
For a greedy person, such an offer would be so tempting, more so, the plan Cane offered to them was not a high risk one at all, they only needed to be sneaky about it. 
"May I know whether your mate is really able to sense the black magic or it was only a stage?" Alpha Dristan couldn’t help but be so curious about it. 
Cane smiled, but his voice was as cold as usual. "I would rather not say anything about it." 
Hearing that, Dristan guffawed and shook his head. "If you need anything, I will be more than willing to assist." Dristan nodded politely at Alpha Cane. He didn’t expect him to turn out so well in terms of being a mastermind behind this huge scheme. 
"Actually, there is one thing I want," Cane said lightly and this caught their attention so fast. 
"What is it?" They had expected this, because there was no way Cane would do all of this without any ulterior motive, but what he wanted was not what they were thinking. 
"My mate loves diamonds." Cane kissed her hand gently. "I heard you found your lost treasure, the diamond white tiger." The way he asked and brought up this topic was very smooth, not to mention his lie that Iris loved diamonds.
###Chapter 346: THE APPEARANCE OF THE LYCAN
Chapter 346: THE APPEARANCE OF THE LYCAN
Iris’ eyes lit up when she read what Cane said. Her mate was actually trying to test the waters. Even after he told her they couldn’t save the diamond white tiger, he still put an effort into getting the poor boy, though Iris knew better than to let her hopes high. 
On the other hand, Alpha Dristan and Koda laughed awkwardly hearing such a request. After all, the white diamond tiger was such a treasure in their opinion. It was almost on par with the magic stone mines, albeit the value of diamond and magic stone differed significantly. 
A diamond was not as expensive as the magic stone, but still, it was an easy item to be sold. 
"I believe the opportunity I gave to you will surpass a mere white diamond tiger by several times." 
Alpha Dristan spoke in a light tone. "I know, the opportunity you gave to our pack is worth more than that." But then, his expression became troublesome. "But, the mother of the white diamond tiger had died and currently, he is the last one of his kind. He is very valuable to our pack." 
"More than the opportunities for our cooperation in the future?" Cane tilted his head, his expression turned serious. "The baby is still not born yet and even if you manage to make him a crown prince, it is still a long way to put him on the throne. You will need more allies during that time." 
Hearing what Cane said, Alpha Dristan and Koda’s faces darkened. It sounded like a threat from the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack, but then Cane’s stiff expression softened, as he smiled slightly. 
"If my mate is happy, I will be happy too, but if it’s too much, I will leave it at that." Cane nodded at the two of them, took Iris’ hand and then left. He said what he needed to say and it would be a good thing for them to reconsider it, since they had seen firsthand how capable Cane was and it wouldn’t actually benefit them if they upset him. 
They had witnessed how Cane had single handedly fabricated everything and schemed against the King brilliantly, he was not someone that you wanted to be your enemy. 
Cane showed them his value and he wouldn’t stoop so low to beg them for anything. 
On the other hand, Iris was slightly disappointed because the two men didn’t give any reaction even when they started to leave, yet there was another important thing she needed to be worried about. 
Iris looked up and saw the sky had turned so dark. In the distance, the bells rang, indicating it was already midnight. 
"Cane?" Iris was startled when Cane picked her up and rushed toward a quiet corner, where he put her down and fell to his knees. He let out a low and dangerous growl. He started to shift into his lycan! 
Iris looked around, she was afraid someone would walk past them when he did not fully shift and realize it was Cane. 
She grimaced when she saw how much pain Cane had to endure during his transformation. Ethan had told her that Cane used to feel immense pain during his shift, even when he stayed in his lycan form, but it was way more bearable for him when she was close to him. 
Even so, Iris still could feel the pain Cane endured right now. She knelt down and tried to soothe his pain by caressing his cheeks. 
And soon after, it was the lycan standing before her eyes. 
============================== 
"Mother! Mother! Mother!" Alan was calling his mother frantically when he saw her enter the dirty dungeon. Her face was dark, since she hated this kind of place, but she needed to get down here because this stupid son of hers got them into a huge trouble with his stupidity. "Mother! You need to believe me! You need to tell father. I am not the one who cursed Aunt Osana! It was not me! I don’t know anything!" 
"I know," Lady Cyan said coldly, which made Alan look relieved when his mother didn’t blame him, but he was happy too soon, because his mother did not come here to help him. 
"You better shut your mouth," Lady Cyan said grimly, as she waved her hand, indicating for all the ladies who followed her here and the guards to leave her alone. "I can’t believe I gave birth to such an idiotic creature like you." 
Alan was taken aback when he heard that, but this was not the first time for his mother to belittle him and talk so harshly to him. 
"Mother... if you know it was not me, you just need to ask father to say so," Alan said, looking scared of his own mother. 
However, Lady Cyan looked even angrier when she heard that. How could he not understand the current situation and how he walked straight into the enemy’s scheme? He was not only stupid, but also ignorant to the bone. 
"Shut up!" Lady Cyan finally lost her temper, she raised her hand and Alan felt the same suffocated feeling whenever his mother used her magic on him. He felt like he was being strangled, having a hard time breathing. 
"Mo- mother..." Alan clawed at his neck, but there was nothing there. "Pl- please... I can... die..." 
"Good. You better die." 
If it was not for the purpose behind his existence, she would have killed him right away. There were countless instances where she really wanted to kill this useless son of hers. Not only was he not up to her standard, he didn’t even meet her expectations at all! What a burden! 
But, in the end, Lady Cyan let him go, because he couldn’t die, at least not yet. 
Alan started coughing hard when he was finally released, as he scurried away from the bars and curled his body in the corner of the dungeon. He was so scared. His mother used to lock him inside a cage when he was a child because he was not as bright as Kellan. 
But when he grew older, it seemed, she had given up on him and let him do whatever. 
Meanwhile, Lady Cyan was about to ask Alan about something important when Laura entered the room. She was her personal maid and knew a lot about her, including her magic ability. 
"What is it?!" Lady Cyan snapped because she didn’t like to be interrupted. 
"There is important news from the palace, my lady," Laura said hastily. "A lycan has appeared in the palace and the creature kidnapped the Luna of the Howling Wolf pack. The King demands your presence now, my lady." 
Lady Cyan’s eyes turned so dark, as her face turned ashen. She didn’t waste her time in this wretched place any longer, as she rushed back to the palace. 
Early in the morning, the whole capital city had learned about what happened in the palace and how the Crown Prince was put in the dungeon right away for the crimes he had committed. 
Despite the King’s efforts and his attempts to suppress the news about what happened to Alan, someone had leaked and spread the information wide and far, especially about the kidnap.
###Chapter 347: CHAOS IN THE CAPITAL CITY
Chapter 347: CHAOS IN THE CAPITAL CITY
By the time the first rays of the sun adorned the sky, people gathered in front of the gates, demanding the Crown Prince to be punished for the crimes he had committed. Not only because Alan had played with black magic and summoned a cursed creature such as the lycan, but also because he had cursed his own family and trapped many servants in his palace, to take pleasure in torturing them cruelly. 
Yes, they knew about all the details of what happened in the underground part of the Crown Prince’s palace, albeit the King tried to keep the news from spreading around. 
The citizens became even more enraged when the cursed lycan appeared again in the palace and this time, this creature had actually kidnapped the Luna of the Howling Wolf pack. 
They didn’t know Luna Iris for long, but they had been warming up to her thanks to her constant presence in the orphanage and how kind she was to teach those children how to write and read. She even taught those warriors around her and there was this arrangement for those from low birth to be able to receive the same education as well. 
However, everything came crashing down because she had been kidnapped and there was a high chance she wouldn’t be able to return just like Prince Vemion. She too probably died already. The public criticized the way the King handled the situation with the fourth prince and demanded the sovereign to do more for Luna Iris at least. 
Right now, people were too angry as they demanded the Crown Prince’s to be beheaded. 
"I heard Luna Iris was kidnapped when she was taking a night walk with Alpha Cane." 
"Yeah, I heard Alpha Cane fought the lycan and rushed after him." 
"Alpha Cane is also missing." 
"Yes, because he went after the lycan and from what I heard, he is following the lycan that had kidnapped his mate alone." 
"He went alone? Without any warriors with him? How brave of him!" 
"Yes! It’s not a wonder, he is a good fighter and he loves his mate." 
"Isn’t Luna Iris Alpha Gerald’s daughter? How can he love her?" 
"I don’t know. Probably, for once a mate bond really works between two people. I heard Alpha Cane’s father also didn’t have a mistress when he was still alive." 
People talked about the situation and the King was very agitated because he couldn’t find Cane anywhere. 
"The rumor is true?! He went looking for his mate alone?!" King Aeon was furious. "Why would he do that?! She is just a woman! A runt on top of that! He can get all the women he wants!" Another thing was being smashed against the floor, as King Aeon vented his anger. "Who had spread the rumor?! Where is Cyan?!" 
King Aeon felt his head throbbing painfully and this annoyed him even more, as he became more and more aggressive. No one inside the room dared to breathe even a little bit louder, because they were afraid they would incur his wrath even more. 
The head of the royal warriors, Leon, hung his head low, his nose almost kissing the ground. He didn’t dare to utter a single word, but he mindlinked his warriors to look for Lady Cyan faster and for his daughter as well. The last time, Nala managed to assuage the King’s temper, he could give a shot with her. 
He knew his daughter had begged him not to throw her to the King again to appease him. However, the situation had spiralled so out of control, which left Leon without any other choice. Nala had pleased the King before, countless times at that. What would be the difference if she had to please him one more time? 
"WHERE IS CYAN!?" 
Right at the same time, Laluna went into labor, thus the whole South Palace was in a chaotic situation, as they panicked for the new soul that would join them. 
For Lady Ayla, this baby was the only reminder of Prince Vemion. Lady Ayla was truly devastated because her son couldn’t be found until now and there was not even the slightest hope that he was still alive. They couldn’t even find his body and give him a proper burial if he really had died. 
Meanwhile, for Alpha Derick and Koda, this baby was very important, because it would be a means of bargaining with the King to make him a crown prince, since Prince Vemion wouldn’t have the same chance. 
Actually, they couldn’t care less if Vemion lived or died, it would be better if he didn’t make it, so they would have more reason to weigh the King down with his death. 
"It hurts... it hurts so much... where is my mother? I want my mother..." Laluna cried. She clawed at the pillow as she screamed in agony. She had never felt this kind of pain. "Get it out! Get the baby out of me!" 
Laluna kept crying, asking for her mother, but the latter was still in the Red Claw pack and because of the current strained relationship with the royal family, she was not allowed to come. 
The sound of her screaming could be heard outside of the room, where Lady Ayla, Alpha Derick and Koda waited impatiently to see the baby. 
"If you have to save one of them, save the baby," Koda said to the midwives, who were about to enter the room. 
The midwives were shocked, but it was not uncommon for people like them to let the mother die during childbirth if a complication did arise. 
"Yes, sir..." 
On the other hand, Lady Ayla didn’t say anything. She wanted to save the baby too, but she felt bitter because she was in Laluna’s position at some point of her life and she wished they would save her instead. 
Yet, there was nothing she could say, because that was how things in this realm worked. 
Meanwhile, during the chaotic situation in the palace and everything was out of control and order, the two people, who had been missing after creating an uproar in the capital city and the palace, were actually enjoying their quiet time. 
Cane was serious when he said he would take Iris to the Riverside pack. Everything had been planned out to the smallest detail. 
After Cane shifted into his lycan, he made sure to let as many people as possible see him taking away Iris. He even went to the city and let a few people there see them. It was easy to recognize Iris because of her hair, though they couldn’t take a clear look at her face. 
If only they could see her expression, they would have seen something odd, because there was no fear whatsoever. 
Currently, Iris was sitting under a tree, leaves of which slowly started to grow. Winter had passed and so many things had happened during that season. 
The lycan on the other hand, started to shift back into his human form and by the time the sky was brighter, Cane was kneeling down in front of Iris. His face looked haggard. Once again, he didn’t sleep. It had been two full days since he could get a wink of sleep and with everything that went down, it truly exhausted him. 
"Tired?" Iris asked, the breeze caressed her rosy cheeks. "Come here..." she patted her lap.
###Chapter 348: MY BROTHER IS ALREADY HERE
Chapter 348: MY BROTHER IS ALREADY HERE
"Tired?" Iris asked, a breeze caressed her rosy cheeks. "Come here..." she patted her lap. 
Who would be able to turn down such a tempting offer? Obviously not Cane, because the next second, he dropped his head onto her lap. He was bone weary and couldn’t care less about his surroundings, the only thing that he knew, he was surrounded by this blissful scent of his mate. Not to mention the way she caressed his head which eased him to sleep faster. 
It wasn’t long before Cane fell into a deep slumber, while they were taking shelter under the shade of the trees, as the sun appeared from the horizon behind them. 
Iris ran her fingers through his hair, as she occasionally kissed his forehead. Cane was too comfortable to even shift in his sleep. He slept like a baby and for once, Iris could see a young man, who had exhausted his energy to survive in this cruel world. 
If she could, she wanted to shield him from all the bad things, yet they were surrounded by them and she held no power to do so. The only thing she was able to do for him was to offer a place to rest. 
Iris hummed and looked at her surroundings, while she waited for Cane to wake up. She covered his face with her hand, so the light of the sun wouldn’t wake him up when it was close to noon. She didn’t move even when she felt her legs going numb. 
She liked this silence inside this forest, while staring at the sleeping Cane. The scar on his face was proof of the cruelty of her father and what he had gone through to survive. 
However, the serenity didn’t last long when Iris caught movement in the bushes not too far from her. Here, the grass and bushes had started to grow and the weather was slightly warm, though the sun was not as scorching as in the afternoon summer. It was warm enough for monsters to wake up from their deep slumber during winter. 
"Cane..." Iris was afraid it was a monster or something and she could feel her little lizard moving out of her pocket, climbing to her shoulder in anticipation. 
The lizard found her when she and Cane finished talking with Koda and alpha Derick. This little creature had grown and now it was about half of her palm and pretty smart to sneak out of her bedroom to find her. As such, this creature came with her and Cane as well on their way to the Riverside pack. 
"Cane." Iris nudged Cane, but he was still sleeping soundly. Her heart leapt to her throat and she was ready to scream and shake him to wake him up, but as it turned out, it was just Will. "Will? Heavens! You scared me..." Iris clutched her chest. 
The little lizard tilted its tiny head and when it recognized Will, it went back to hiding inside Iris’ pocket again, taking a nap. 
Will looked at Iris and then at Cane. "I am sorry," he said in a small voice, as he came over to them, while bringing a bag and a small box. Iris could guess it was food. She was hungry and she only realized it now. 
"Here, eat something." He put down the bag and the box. 
"How did you find us here?" Iris asked in a low voice, so she wouldn’t wake Cane up. 
"I can smell your scent." They should have met hours ago, but apparently, the lycan had run too fast, which could be equal to a two day’s worth trip, thus it took Will hours to catch up to him, though he went out of the capital city first. 
The lycan moved extremely fast. 
"Oh." Iris couldn’t understand how she kept forgetting that fact... "Where are you going?" She asked Will when he stood up and was about to leave. 
Iris didn’t know what happened to Will and Cane didn’t want to answer her question, but this warrior became very cold and distant. She caught Hanna crying a few times and she knew the reason. 
Hanna was at a loss about Will’s indifference and the way he became so cold toward her, even Iris could tell. Because she knew how Will used to stare at Hanna and how both of them would always smile at each other. They both made each other happy, but what changed? 
"I need to go back to the capital city, there are a lot of things I need to take care of," he explained briefly. He didn’t raise his voice, nor did he talk in a mean way, but Iris was able to feel how distant he seemed. 
"Will, why are you avoiding Hanna? Do you know how much she cried?" Iris couldn’t help but ask this out of the blue and Will’s body stiffened, he turned around and left without saying anything and Iris couldn’t stop him from leaving, because Cane was still sleeping on her lap. 
In the end, it was only the two of them again in this quiet forest. 
============================== 
The labor was traumatizing and even after the baby was out, Laluna was still crying. She hated the pain and she couldn’t help but hate the sound of her firstborn cries, everything felt so wrong. 
And what was even worse was; nobody cared about her wellbeing aside from her midwives and her ladies, while Lady Ayla and the other people from the Red Claw pack checked on the baby and called a few healers to examine him because the labor lasted for hours and it was midnight when Laluna finally gave birth to her son. 
There was not even a single word of encouragement, they didn’t even look her way at all. 
She was in so much pain and her heart broke into pieces, especially when her own family was not here while her mate was long gone. People believed he had died by now. 
But then, Laluna was skeptical that even if Vemion was here, he would pay attention to her. 
Laluna was in agony as they took her baby away, her emotions were all over the place, but she was not the only woman in this majestic palace, who was in so much pain. 
Nala curled her body on the floor, she was once again naked, streaks of blood stained the carpeted floor, as her other bruises and cuts started to heal. She didn’t move an inch, because she was in so much pain after what the King had done to her. 
King Aeon vented his disappointment and frustration about the whole situation on her again and he didn’t even care whether she would be able to make it. 
Not too far from Nala, King Aeon sat on his chair with Lady Cyan on his lap. The woman tried to soothe his anger by calling a few other women to satisfy the King, which saved Nala from facing her death. 
Those women had left now and it was only the three of them inside this study room, but Nala’s presence was nothing, but dirt in the King’s eyes. He hated Leon for failing his task again and again. 
"My brother is here. You can send the head of the royal warriors to the gallows to calm the people down," Lady Cyan said.
###Chapter 349: USED THE ENEMY’S STRATEGY
Chapter 349: USED THE ENEMY’S STRATEGY
It was a dimly lit room with a sweet scent from the incense filling the air, while in the corner, braziers were lit up to ward off the last breeze of winter. 
The room was huge enough, with two pillars in the middle supporting its ceiling and luminous pearls to illuminate the darkness. 
There were three people standing near the first pillar, their frames casting dark shadows on the dull wall behind them, as they stayed silent. 
From the looks of it, the three of them were waiting for someone. 
"Master... Why are we in the palace? Do you know someone here?" The young boy asked the man next to him, while the woman behind the two of them had her face covered under her hoodie while her body was covered by a very long and thick cloak. "Do you know someone in the palace?" The young boy was in awe. 
However, the man said nothing, as his eyes stayed glued to the opulent door in front of him. It was a different door from the one he used to enter this place. He was waiting for someone and his expression was indiscernible. 
It was hard to tell what was in his mind and why he took the risk to be on this journey to the capital city with the woman behind him. 
It was not the time yet for them to be here, but the appearance of the lycan completely messed up with their plans, after all, they couldn’t afford a mishap. 
They had built this plan for decades. No, they actually grew with this plan in their minds, as their father breathed down their necks to make sure they understood the importance of it. 
This plan was the life of their clan. 
So, why would his sister need him here now? If it was just the matter with the lycan, she must be able to handle it. 
Because he spent a long time avoiding people on their journey here, he had no idea about the recent incidents within the palace. He also missed the sight of countless citizens, who were protesting and camping outside of the palace, demanding the Crown Prince to be beheaded, because they sneaked inside through a secret door. 
It took two more hours of waiting for this person to appear and when she finally came, the man immediately approached her with steady steps, his expression darkened. 
"What do you mean by this, Cyan?" He immediately asked, even before the other person could push back her hoodie. 
"Things had gone completely wrong," Cyan said, but she didn’t stop to wait for her younger brother to berate her, as she went straight to the other woman, who came with Dexter. 
Dexter was the dark sorcerer from the Riverside pack, the very dark mage who had tricked Aria and revived her from her death. In that case, the other woman was... 
Cyan stood in front of the woman Dexter had brought with him, while the young boy bowed his head respectfully and stepped aside. 
Cyan flicked her fingers and the hoodie that covered Aria’s face was pushed back, revealing her identity and then the cloak she was wearing dropped to the ground, so the mistress could look at her slightly swollen belly. 
"How long is she?" Cyan asked through her gritted teeth. From the looks of it, she knew it was not ready yet. They needed more time, but the people outside were demanding Alan’s life. 
"She is five months pregnant," Dexter replied, as he approached his sister. 
On the other hand, Aria glared at Cyan, her red eyes shone brightly, as if she was going to kill the other woman. 
"Don’t touch me!" Aria growled, she swatted Cyan’s hand from her stomach, while the mistress looked at her disdainfully. 
However, Cyan paid no mind to Aria, as she talked to her brother. "There is a change in plans." 
"What?" Dexter furrowed his brows. "At the very least, you need to tell me what happened here. Have you talked to Father?" 
Cyan turned her body and faced Dexter. "You will stay in the palace and help me from the inside." 
"How?" Dexter’s furrow deepened hearing that. 
"The head of the royal sorcerers will be hanged tomorrow and you will be introduced as the new head." A flash of deviousness flitted past her eyes. 
In this messy situation, she managed to make the best out of things. Thanks to the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack, Cyan could get rid of a few people she didn’t want around and put her own people in the positions she needed them to be. 
Actually, it made things easier for her, if she were to tread her steps carefully. Should she thank Cane for this? A vicious smile tilted the corners of her lips. 
Cyan would teach Cane that the utmost importance in war was to attack the enemy’s strategy. 
And that was what she did with Cane’s scheme against the royals. 
=========================== 
Kellan just arrived at the capital city and heard what happened. He couldn’t rush back with Cane, Koda and the others because it would take him more time to reach the capital. After all, he couldn’t ride a horse and the journey on a carriage took days. 
More so, he was bringing five orphan children with him from the other city. Of course, he needed to take care of them too. 
"What happened?" Kellan asked Ethan, as he was the one, who was in charge, since the Alpha and the Luna had been missing for two days. 
"We are still trying to look for Alpha Cane and Luna Iris, but the last clue we got didn’t help much." Ethan looked anxious. 
The Gamma had been working with people from the Red Claw pack and also Leon Dmitri from the royal warriors to look for the Alpha. 
This time, with the enraged citizens rioting right in front of the main gates of the palace, the King was no longer able to brush the matter aside like he did with Prince Vemion, not to mention there was this problem with the Crown Prince. The public also favored Luna Iris and this only made matters worse for the King. 
"I heard the King will punish the head of the royal sorcerers." 
"Yes, he was found guilty of having performed black magic along with several magicians within his ranks. It turned out that he was the one who had cursed Princess Osana and summoned the lycan," Ethan informed him. "While the matter with the Crown Prince is still under investigation." 
Kellan frowned when he heard that. It was hard to believe the head of the royal sorcerers was the one who had cursed Princess Osana and summoned the lycan. 
"I don’t believe that..." Kellan murmured. 
"The King has proof, but only a few people have seen the proof, since it’s an ominous item." Ethan scoffed derisively inside when he heard about the news. 
With that, the next day, the head of the royal sorcerers and another four people were hanged in front of the public. 
And the day after, a new head of royal sorcerers was introduced. 
============================= 
Iris hugged the neck of the huge black wolf beneath her, as the beast slowed down and finally came to a stop. The creature lowered its body and let her slide down from its huge body. 
Meanwhile, Iris looked relieved when they eventually took a break.
###Chapter 350: THEIR SOLACE
Chapter 350: THEIR SOLACE
Iris was shocked, unable to believe it when Cane told her to ride on the back of his beast. She thought he was joking and playing with her, but then she realized it was out of character for him to do so. 
"It will take forever to reach the Riverside pack by foot." 
Cane simply said that when Iris looked mortified after he told her what to do. In a way, he was right because at normal pace by carriage and horse, it would take them more or less two whole weeks, let alone by foot. 
And it was out of the question to leave Iris behind. 
At first, it felt so awkward to clamber on top of the black beast, as Iris felt it was so intimate to straddle him, but after the second day, she finally got a hang of it and felt less clumsy. Actually, she started enjoying it in no time. 
The silence between them, the cold breeze that caressed her cheeks and the closeness... the serenity Iris had never felt before. Iris felt so close to Cane, not because she literally hugged him through the morning and the afternoon, until evening came, with intermittent breaks in between, but because she felt connected to her mate, despite there was no word that was exchanged between them during the long hours of their journey. 
This was the peace Iris couldn’t describe. Not even words could define what they had right now. 
Iris wondered whether Cane felt the same as her. Sometimes, she could feel his sincerity and how he tried to make things work in their relationship, just like what he promised her, but oftentimes, she felt this doubt in her heart, because Cane had never expressed his feelings clearly to her. 
He was very short with his words and you had a better chance turning into a mermaid than getting a full explanation from his mouth. 
Therefore, days in the forest, on their way back to one of the southern packs, the Riverside pack, were very blissful. This was the quiet they needed after the chaos in the capital city. 
Cane shifted into his human form and approached Iris. "Tired?" They stopped at the riverbank, so they could fill their waterskins. There were still big chunks of ice floating in the river water. 
"No." Iris shook her head, she pulled down her hoodie and squatted down near the river to wash her face. The water was so cold, but it was refreshing. 
Somehow, maybe because she ate more healthy food and Hanna could take better care of her, since it was easy for her to get tonics to nurse her health, Iris was way better on a long journey like this and didn’t feel tired easily, nor did she fall sick. Moreover, this was not her first long journey, Cane had taken her to more places with him within less than a year than she went to during her entire twenty years of life. 
"I will be right back," Cane said, as he caressed her head. "Stay here." He wiped her wet face with his sleeves and then turned around to shift back into his beast. 
Meanwhile, Iris waited for him to return. Cane went to hunt their dinner and in the west, the sun had almost set, leaving the sky in a hue of red. It was a beautiful color, almost the same color as her hair. 
Because they needed to avoid the main road, so their whereabouts wouldn’t be traced out by the search party that was sent by the royal family and also warriors from the Red Claw pack, they needed to make stops as little as they could and rush to the Riverside pack. 
Even though Ethan had his eyes on the search party and the Red Claw pack warriors, Cane still needed to take precautions, so the story of the lycan kidnapping Iris and him going to save his mate would remain the same, no one could prove otherwise of that story. 
In a way, despite the norm and what normally happened in the society, people loved to romanticize this kind of story, since it was almost unheard of for someone with status as high as Cane to sacrifice himself for his mate, a mere runt, when he could get any woman he wanted. 
With this over the top love story circling around, people saw the Alpha and the Luna from the Howling Wolf pack in a new light. 
They prayed for their safety, without them knowing that the two of them were having the best time of their lives ever since they stepped into the capital city. 
If they could, they would want this moment to last a little bit longer. 
The world was so chaotic and it was the solace from the company of each other that they needed the most. 
Cane returned not long after with his game and enough dry twigs. He arranged everything without saying anything, while Iris sat on the side, watching him. She had tried to ask what she could do to help, but Cane would always tell her to just sit down and guard their bag. 
She meant... what could the bag do? It was not going to run away, right? 
Cane stretched out his hand to Iris and she immediately handed him over the little lizard. The Alpha then made the poor little creature spit fire on the twigs he had arranged. It was an easy way to make fire. It helped Cane grill his game faster, so they could finish having their meals quicker. 
With Cane having a hold of the little lizard, their dinner was ready within ten minutes and once he was done, he let go of the unhappy creature, which rushed toward Iris sulkily and climbed into her lap. 
"Here..." Cane handed the rabbit meat over to her. He had cut it into pieces, so it wouldn’t look like its original shape, since Iris wouldn’t eat it if it did. 
Iris went closer to Cane and sat next to him, while the Alpha generously gave a little portion to the lizard for its help. 
"How long before we reached the Riverside pack?" Iris asked Cane, munching on her meal hungrily. 
"A week. More or less." Cane steeped tea in the pot and poured a glass for Iris. The herbal tea would help keep her warm. Cane’s top concern was her health. They would be out of touch with the others and would be literally alone in this forest for days. If her health dropped, they wouldn’t be able to continue their journey and a few things needed to be adjusted. 
Cane had taken precautions about it and made a second and third plan if Iris’ health failed. Meanwhile, he tried to take better care of her as much as he could during their journey to ensure her body wouldn’t drop. 
"Cane, what are you planning?" Iris scooted closer to Cane and looked at him with curious eyes. Her blue eyes glinted with the light of fire from the fireplace in front of them. 
However, Cane took the cloak and draped it over her shoulders, tightened it around her body, so she wouldn’t feel cold. 
"I want to teach you something." 
Instead of answering her question, Cane changed the topic, which diverted Iris’ attention.
###Chapter 351: A LITTLE THING ABOUT HER
Chapter 351: A LITTLE THING ABOUT HER
"What is it?" Iris’ blue eyes lit up, they looked so pretty under this starry sky. 
Even when Cane appreciated the serenity of this forest as its quietness was to his liking, still, it was her presence that brought peace to his chaotic mind, enveloping him with the tranquility he craved. 
Cane stared at her for a little bit longer. The stray strands of her hair fluttered in the wind and she shuddered a little bit when the coldness caressed her rosy cheeks. Her curls looked unkempt and Cane noticed how she would try to tame her hair every morning, because she seemed very conscious every time he saw her sporting such messy hair. 
However, little did Iris know. Cane liked to watch her that way. She looked adorable in her own way, as she clumsily combed her fingers through the tangles of her locks. 
"What is it?" Iris asked again when Cane said nothing and just kept staring at her. 
"Because we can’t use the mindlink, as the connection has been severed, I want us to have a way to communicate without anyone knowing it." Cane only managed to mend the link between him and his gamma and beta, but even so, they needed to stand within three steps range, further than that, it wouldn’t work. 
"How?" Iris looked excited when she read that. She scooted closer to him, seemingly eager to have more things, which belonged to just the two of them. 
Cane smiled to see her expression. He had expected this, but somehow, it still managed to warm his heart. He stretched his hands to readjust her cloak, so she would feel a little bit warmer. 
"Finish your food first." 
Iris’ face fell reading that, she pouted and obediently ate her food. 
But, when she was eating, Cane leaned over and kissed her head, which surprised her, but when she looked up, he had already shifted his attention back to his food. 
Iris lowered her head, but the tips of her ears reddened further. Iris noticed this was the first time Cane kissed her again since they started this journey back to the southern pack, because any interaction they had was during their meal and Cane usually didn’t talk much. 
Why did he suddenly kiss me? 
Iris munched on her meat slowly, while not too far from them, the little lizard had long finished its food and sprawled on the floor, feeling happy because its tummy was full. 
Somehow, Cane had been using this little lizard like nothing but a lighter, instead of a rare creature that was supposed to belong to the Serafim. 
Thankfully, the lizard no longer tried to burn the Alpha. It seemed it found it was just a waste of its energy, since Cane would heal pretty fast. 
More so, the bad alpha fed it, thus there was no need for it to piss him off over petty things. 
"I am done," Iris said. 
Meanwhile, Cane had finished his food a long time ago and now he was preparing a makeshift bed for Iris, before he settled next to her. 
Though the weather was still rather cold and monsters should not have been woken up from their hibernation, he didn’t want to take the risk. 
Cane would always tell Iris that he needed to stay alert when she asked him to lay down as well, even when Iris offered him to take turns to watch, he would just rub her head and tell her to sleep. 
"What will we do now?" Iris couldn’t hide her excitement. 
Cane waved his hand and told Iris to sit down on the makeshift bed. "It’s pretty simple." 
============================== 
"Who is that person?" Redmond furrowed his brows deeply, as he and the other warriors from the Howling Wolf pack watched the ceremony where the new head royal sorcerer was being ordained. "I can’t find anything about him." 
Ethan, who was standing next to him, shook his head. "I don’t know either." 
"Have you asked Leros and Clad?" Redmond clicked his tongue in annoyance, he hated it when he couldn’t find information on the things he wanted to know about. 
"They are still trying to look into this person’s background." 
"Ask those people from the Red Claw pack too," Redmond reminded the Gamma, which only annoyed the latter. 
Ethan glared at the warrior beside him. "Why are you ordering me around?" 
Redmond scoffed when he heard Ethan’s outburst. "Of course, because you are the one who is in charge here!" 
"Hey, hey, cut it out, okay? We are surrounded by people!" Trion hissed. He had been having a headache whenever he had to be the peacemaker between the two of them, to keep them from clawing each other’s faces. 
It should be Will or Aderan, who were here, but the Alpha prevented the two of them from stepping into the palace. Right now, the two were in charge of the orphanage with all other warriors, while the Alpha didn’t bring anyone with him. 
"Calm down, okay?" Trion took the risk and inserted himself between the two growling warriors. He felt like he could die one day from trying to keep them in line. 
This task was even harder than any of his assignments. 
"It’s not me who started it!" Redmond snarled through his gritted teeth. 
"So, you want to say it’s me?!" Ethan countered. 
Trion could do nothing, but try to shush the two of them to no avail. 
============================== 
Even after executing the head sorcerer and a few other people that were deemed responsible for the crime of performing black magic and the curse on Princess Osana, Alan was still locked inside the dungeon. 
However, three days after the ordination of the new head of the royal sorcerers, the King finally made it public that the lycan out was running free out there and the royals formed a proper search team with Ethan as the head in order to hunt down the lycan and also look for the missing luna Iris and Prince Vemion. This gesture soothed the people to a great deal, as they dispersed and no longer camped outside of the palace gates. 
Yet, on the fifth day, since the investigation was still ongoing while there was not enough evidence to prove that the Crown Prince was the mastermind behind black magic and the person who summoned the lycan and also because it was suspicion worthy he might be trapped by his enemy within the court, Alan was finally moved to house arrest, where he would stay inside his room, not at all allowed to step out until everything was clear. 
Once again, the uproar happened and the Red Claw pack retaliated. There were a lot of rumors going around among the citizens, which would last until the next new year. Public’s opinion was divided, but most of them were in favor of stripping the Crown Prince from his status. 
And after the pressure from the public and the Red Claw pack became unbearable, after the twelfth day the lycan appeared and kidnapped luna Iris and the Alpha Cane went missing, Alan was stripped from his title as the Crown Prince and it was decided that Jared Aiden Ogregon, the son of the fourth prince, Vemion, who would be crowned as the next ruler. 
The baby was only a few days old and it was not a wise choice to name him the Crown Prince, yet the power behind this little one was unrivalled. He had the upperhand in this situation.
###Chapter 352: LOU’S SUGGESTION FOR THE FALLEN CROWN PRINCE
Chapter 352: LOU’S SUGGESTION FOR THE FALLEN CROWN PRINCE
"Where is Annie!?" Kellan roared at Bion, the royal warrior, who usually pushed his wheelchair. He had followed the Prince ever since he was chosen as the Crown Prince and was always so loyal to him. He didn’t talk much, but his knowledge over Kellan’s secrets was quite vast. 
Currently, the crippled prince was enraged because he heard the news of the plan to crown a few days old baby as the next crown prince. 
He vied for the position of the Crown Prince and had been trying to look for an opportunity to rise within the royal ranks again ever since Alan had been stripped from his status, because the pressure was too much and the King couldn’t ignore it again this time like he always did. 
However, without the support from Cane, because he had gone missing, the only packs that supported his claim were the Celestial Moon pack and the Golden Light pack, the former pack of Lady Abigail, Kellan’s mother. 
Though he had two packs behind him coupled with the favor of the public, somehow, his scandal from a decade ago resurfaced again, reminding the people of his wrong deeds, which swayed the public opinion. Meanwhile, those two packs were not on par in terms of value with the Red Claw pack. 
The Celestial Moon pack and the Golden Light pack were combatant packs, as most of the members of the former pack defended the north from waves after waves of monster attacks, while most of the members of the latter one were the royal warriors within the palace. 
Yet, with the Red Claw pack dominating the economy of the kingdom, their retaliation, no matter the level, would affect several sensitive aspects of people’s lives. 
The day the Red Claw pack refused to trade magic stones had caused the royal family to lose a significant amount of money, which affected people as well, especially those merchants, who resided within the capital city. 
Therefore, though there were many people who disagreed with the current crown prince, they limited it to small talk among themselves and didn’t raise any protest. 
"Someone is taking her here, my prince," Bion said respectfully. 
And true to his words, not long after that, someone knocked on his door and a warrior entered with a young girl with freckles on her nose. She was around twelve years old and outsiders always thought she was one of Kellan’s favorite children, who he kept inside his palace. 
Once Kellan caught sight of her, his frustration was assuaged greatly and a smile crept up the corners of his lips. 
"Come here, little one..." Kellan said, beckoning Annie with his fingers. 
The beautiful girl was wearing a pretty white dress while her hair cascaded down her back freely. People could mistake her for one of the King’s granddaughters, a princess, but the look on her face could make you feel the fear that coursed through her veins. 
She was on the verge of crying, but she held back her tears and shook her head. 
"Why don’t you come closer to me? Don’t you always say I am your favorite?" Kellan frowned, he gestured at Bion to bring Annie closer to him. 
Bion was a typical warrior, he had an intimidating appearance and looked so scary, thus it was easy for him to drag this young girl in front of the prince, as he made her kneel before him. 
"Good girl..." Kellan said, as he stretched out his hand and touched her hair. "I wish you have red hair... but it’s okay. I like your curls..." 
He had only seen one little girl with red and curly hair in his entire life, thus it was so sad that he only got to spend very little time with her... 
"Prince Kellan... please... I don’t want to do this..." Annie cried, she tried to stand up, but Bion pressed her body down. 
"Why not? You don’t like our previous game?" Kellan tilted his head. "Let’s play a new one then, what do you say?" 
Annie sobbed and kept shaking her head. 
"You don’t want to play that either?" Kellan frowned; he looked displeased now. "Should I play with your little sister instead, later, when she enters my palace? You don’t want to play with me again, after all." 
================================= 
"How can you come inside?!" Alan barked in shock when he saw Lou inside his room, sitting on his chair, while playing with a broken ornament that Alan had thrown at the wall in his rage. 
"Sst!" Lou put his finger in front of his lips to shush him. "Sit down." 
"What are you doing here?!" Alan was not so bright and couldn’t read the room as usual, thus it annoyed the merchant to make him go quiet, so no one would know he was there. 
"I have a way for you to get your revenge for this humiliation, but you need to keep your fucking mouth shut, because if someone knew I sneaked in here, you will lose your only chance to get out of this room forever and no one will respect you ever again." Well, no one ever respected him, if he had to be honest, but of course, Lou kept the last statement to himself. 
After a quick moment of consideration, Alan sat down begrudgingly. This room couldn’t be said as a room anymore, because everything that could be detached had long ended up on the floor and everything that could be damaged had been broken into pieces too. 
Alan could shift into his beast, but without any ability to fight, coupled with how weak his beast was because he had skipped training for years, just like any other spoiled prince, he couldn’t even fight a guard. No wonder, he almost got himself killed when he fought Ethan. 
"What do you want to say?" Alan grumbled, still acting all high and mighty. 
Lou tilted his head and looked at the former crown prince. He looked haggard, anger rimmed his eyes red. He looked as stupid as usual. The merchant sighed, he failed to figure out what Cane was planning, but he couldn’t forsake the offer he gave him, thus here he was. 
"I have a way for you to get back the respect you deserved from the people." 
"Cut the crap and start talking for real!" Alan cussed like a pirate and if it was not for Lou’s tremendous patience and the thought of the benefits he could harvest later, he would turn this man into a snack for monsters. 
"Well, as you can see, our situation right now with black magic and the lycan..." Lou started, giving him a little bit of an explanation because Alan cared about nothing else, except himself. "I wonder why the King has not yet written anything to the Holy Kingdom, since it fell under their responsibility to control the black magic users." 
Alan frowned. He tried to grasp what Lou wanted to say. "What do you want? You want me to write for the Holy Kingdom?" 
"Yes, you are so brilliant!" 
Lou fought hard not to roll his eyes when he saw a smug smile appear on Alan’s lips when he praised him. "People from the Holy Kingdom must know how to handle this situation and if you are proven not guilty for the crime of using black magic by the Serafim, you will gain people’s sympathy."
###Chapter 353: A CERTAIN ALPHA WAS ATTENDING TO HIS MATE
Chapter 353: A CERTAIN ALPHA WAS ATTENDING TO HIS MATE
One of the reasons that made the King hesitate over making the problems of black magic and the lycan official was because he didn’t want the Holy Kingdom to get involved in this matter. Looking at the current situation, it was only right for them to intervene, since it was part of their responsibility to eliminate any dark magic users and the use of black magic. 
Therefore, with Lou sneaking inside Alan’s bedroom, where he had been locked up, it was completely unacceptable, especially when he suggested for him to inform the Holy Kingdom about it. 
However, knowing Alan, this man- child wouldn’t think that far as he only thought about himself. There was no way he would consider the consequences that would entail by allowing the Holy Kingdom to interfere with their kingdom’s affairs. 
"With the word from the Serafim, no one will be able to deny it. After all, if there is one person who could talk about black magic, it will be her." Lou leaned his body forward and looked at Alan with a suggestive look. "Serafim is your only chance at getting back the respect from the public, also your honor. Don’t you feel bad when your name is being tarnished for something that you didn’t even do? Moreover, what the heck with a baby that is not even the King’s own being selected as the next crown prince? How could the King skip a generation to appoint an heir, the next person in line for the throne? People are very disappointed in this decision and you can take this as your chance to acquire your own supporters." 
If there was one person who suited this assignment, it must be Lou, as he knew exactly what to say and how to press the right buttons to boost Alan’s ego, though the merchant felt like he wanted to puke at the vanity of this former crown prince. 
Talking to such a shallow person who had a characterless personality was an easy task for him in the end. 
However, Lou was still wrecking his brains to figure out what game Cane was playing at, yet he couldn’t get any idea what this was all about. 
Not to mention Cane had gone missing along with Iris. 
If it was not for his gamma, who came to remind him about the deal between them, Lou would have forgotten about this task completely. 
’Whether the Alpha will return or not, our pack will still hold the end of the deal.’ 
That was what Ethan said, thus even if Cane died, they would still fulfill their alpha’s promise to him as long as he managed to make Alan write for the Holy Kingdom. 
Lou shook his head, his brain capacity was not able to untangle this mystery, while Alan was starting to think what he should write for the Holy Kingdom, asking for their help. 
"If I can make the Serafim come to this continent and solve the problem, Cane will not stand a chance against me. He will become a laughing stock for his wasted efforts to solve the problem. Ah! He has gone missing! I wish he will return alive, it is no fun if he died!" Alan muttered to himself with a mocking tone, laughing derisively. 
"Yeah, yeah..." Lou smiled. It was not even a smile at all. 
And with that, all the pieces started moving in the directions that Cane wanted, as he had directed the path for them. 
Meanwhile, a certain alpha, who had caused so much trouble within the capital city and was the mastermind behind Alan’s fall, was currently attending to his mate. 
"Ah, how can you do this as good as Hanna?" Iris looked at her braided hair with amazement in her eyes. 
Since a few days ago, Cane had been helping her braid her hair. He was a little clumsy when he tried it for the first time, but after his third attempt, he got the hang of it and now, he was almost as good as Hanna. 
Cane brushed her bangs and said nothing as usual, as he folded the makeshift bed and put it inside the bag, along with a little thing that Will had brought for them. 
"Oh, right! I always forgot to tell you this." Iris approached Cane and was about to help him, but he was done already, thus she squatted down beside him. "You need to be careful when you talk with someone. Hanna overheard your conversation with Ethan last time." 
Iris was referring to when Hanna accidentally overheard the conversation between Cane and Ethan when they were still in the palace, the day Iris ’helped’ him find the magic stones in Princess Osana’s palace before she fell asleep inside the study room of the head of the royal sorcerers. 
"It’s not a problem since it was only Hanna at that time, what if it was someone else who heard you." 
Cane tilted his head and then nodded. "Okay," he said simply, but little did she know, the Alpha wouldn’t have made such a minor mistake. Only because he knew Hanna would relay the word to Iris, he let her hear their conversation, because it would save him time to explain the same things to Iris again. 
After that, the Alpha shifted into his beast and waited for Iris to climb on top of him, as they resumed their journey to the Riverside pack. 
They would arrive at the Riverside pack tomorrow and as usual, they spent most of their time running through the Amistice Forest that connected the capital city and the Riverside pack. This path was not recommended during other seasons because of the frequent monster attacks, but at this time, thankfully they had not yet encountered any monsters, as those creatures would still be in hibernation. 
Usually, when they stopped to take a rest and have their lunch, Iris would talk about everything, even when she read her book. Yes, Cane had made sure Will packed a book on the topic she currently liked for her inside the bag he gave them. Even so, Iris would talk about the information she read. 
Cane could answer some questions, but some of them were something new that he had never heard of and sometimes, unintentionally, Iris would lead their conversation into a random discussion. She seemed happier to be away from the palace. 
Probably, it became her habit to forget about things that upset her or put her in agony, since they had never talked about Kellan again and she pretended as if all of those things had never happened. 
Late at night when Iris was about to sleep while they were staring at the starry sky, she asked him something. 
Iris nudged his arm, as Cane sat down and leaned his body against the tree with his eyes closed, but she knew he wasn’t asleep, while she laid next to him on the makeshift bed he made for her, "If you can change something in the past, what will you change?" 
Cane opened his eyes and slowly looked at her. Recently, she had been asking these kinds of random questions and weirdly enough, he humored her. 
"Nothing. It’s pointless. You can’t change anything in the past. You left them, that’s why they were the past."
###Chapter 354: HAPPINESS
Chapter 354: HAPPINESS
Iris pouted reading Cane’s answer, but she was not done yet, as she pressed on and nudged his arm again when he was about to close his eyes. She became bolder since he started letting her get her way. 
"What if there is another realm and there is a person just like you and all the people that you know, what do you think the ’you’ in a different realm is doing right now?" 
Cane indeed didn’t lose his patience when he listened to her, but it didn’t mean he would always give her an elaborate answer. 
"Sleep, Iris. It’s midnight. You need to wake up early in the morning." 
Iris looked sullen. "You sound like Hanna," she muttered to herself, and of course, Cane could hear that, but he simply put his warm and big palm over her eyes, coaxing her to close them, so she could fall asleep. 
"Say, if you can get everything you want, what do you want to have?" 
"Happiness," Cane said simply. He said it very casually, as if he didn’t even have to think about it. 
However, his answer was something Iris had never thought of before. She didn’t even think he would answer that way, but when she was about to pull down his hand that covered her sight, Cane’s hand stayed firm. 
"Sleep," he said more sternly this time. 
And the next morning, they followed the same routine with Cane helping Iris with her hair before they went straight to the Riverside pack. They arrived at noon and met with Jace, the Beta, in a small town within the Riverside pack. 
This was the first time they met other people after two weeks of running through the forest, but Cane had emphasized for her to stay inside their room and cover herself whenever she went out, because they still needed to keep their whereabouts a secret. 
Therefore, when Cane went out to meet with Jace, he went alone, leaving Iris inside the room with the little lizard. 
"Is it done?" Cane asked, he was wearing a cloak and covered his face with a scarf that many merchants usually wore during long journeys. 
"Yes, it’s done," Jace replied. The Beta was wearing a similar outfit to cover his identity. 
Currently, they were talking in the restaurant, sitting near the window, where they could see the street outside. The inn was on the second floor of this building and it would be fine to leave Iris alone for half an hour. 
"Arthur?" 
"He has been here ever since we received the body." 
Cane nodded. After that, they talked about a few important things and their next move. 
Meanwhile, on the second floor, Iris was playing with her little pet and fed it meat. But then, she realized the lizard had shed skin. 
"Hm? It’s beautiful..." Iris muttered to herself, as she put the dry skin in a handkerchief before she folded it and put it inside the pocket without thinking further, because she thought it had a beautiful color, like a rainbow under the sunlight. "What else can you do?" 
Iris nuzzled its head and the little creature tilted its head, blinking its small pair of eyes at her. 
She was sitting on the chair, resting her head on her arms while leaning her upper body on the table. Her long braided hair was twisted into a bun on top of her head, Cane managed to find a way to do that. 
But, while Iris was absentmindedly talking to her lizard, she caught some movement from the corner of her eyes and this startled her, as she immediately straightened her back and saw a young man, standing in the corner of the room. 
She gasped in shock and immediately looked for the exit door, but this man also did the same. He put his finger in front of his lips, indicating for Iris not to make a noise. How could Iris do that when she felt so scared! How could this man enter this room?! 
Iris glanced at the window, which was slightly ajar. He came in through there, but then this was the second floor! 
What was he? A magic user? A shifter? 
But when her mind was trying to discern the situation, the little lizard jumped from the table and landed on the floor swiftly before the little creature headed to this mysterious man. 
Right at that time, Iris realized who this man was, no wonder he looked very familiar, as if she had seen him in the past. 
She had indeed met him before. He was the same person who had entered her room when they were in the black market. 
This young man had golden hair and green eyes, which were almost the same color as moss. He had a lean body and didn’t look like a fighter at all, as if he had never engaged in violence. 
But, what surprised Iris was the fact the lizard went to him and acted so obedient in front of this mysterious man. The young man walked to the fireplace and made the lizard light up the fire. 
He didn’t look aggressive and Iris didn’t feel any ominous feelings from him, as if, weirdly enough, she was sure he wouldn’t hurt her. 
Moreover, Iris was curious why the lizard looked so docile in front of this stranger, when this creature was usually very hostile to anyone, aside from Iris and Hanna. It had even tried to burn Cane a few times. 
After settling the fireplace, which made the room become so warm, this young mysterious man beckoned Iris to come closer. 
Still on alert, Iris refused to budge, she was thinking whether she could reach the door before he could stop her or not. 
On the other hand, realizing that Iris was not going to approach him, the young man simply tossed the lizard into the fireplace. 
"No!" Iris widened her eyes in horror. The lizard was hatched from a fire magic stone and could breathe fire as well, but she was not sure whether it could survive being thrown into fire. "What are you doing?!" Iris rushed over frantically, but when she tried to get back her lizard, the little creature was already gone. "No way!" 
Iris watched in horror. Did the poor lizard turn into ashes? Iris tried to search for it, it was probably stuck between the firewood or something, but the man with green eyes, who stared at her the whole time, caught her arm and stopped her. He shook his head. 
"You are a monster! What did you do to my lizard!?" Iris screamed in frustration. Her heart was beating so fast. 
Seeing how angry Iris was, the man got flustered, he then pulled her away from the fireplace, and let her hit him, but he tried to light up the brazier. It was hard for him to do that when Iris kept trying to hit him, especially when he didn’t fight her back. 
But, once the brazier had been lit up, the little lizard jumped out of the flame onto his palms. 
The man then turned around and presented the lizard to her with both hands. He smiled innocently, like a little boy, who was asking for praise, while Iris was dumbfounded.
###Chapter 355: I SWEAR, I DONT LIE!
Chapter 355: I SWEAR, I DONT LIE!
Iris had never seen something like this before, nor did she have any idea the little lizard had an ability to disappear and appear again in different media of flames. 
"How did you do that?" Iris was dumbstruck to see the little lizard in the young man’s hands. 
The young boy smiled innocently and dropped the little lizard back in her hands, as he waited with expectant eyes. His green eyes looked so beautiful under the sunlight that streamed in through the window. 
Iris received the little lizard and the creature curled its body on her joined palms, making small noises, as it nuzzled her thumb before closing its eyes. 
"Who are you?" Iris narrowed her eyes. She didn’t feel this young man was dangerous, but their whereabouts must be kept secret. Even one word of them being out here would cause trouble for Cane’s entire plan and that was the last thing Iris wanted. 
Albeit her not being clear with his whole plan, she at least knew not to divulge their location to anybody. 
The young boy with golden hair only shook his head. He looked at her sadly and pointed his finger at Iris, which only made her confused further. 
"What do you want to say?" Iris frowned while the little lizard in her hands had long fallen asleep, purring like a kitty. "Who are you?" 
For the same question Iris asked him, he made the same gesture; pointing his finger at Iris. 
"I don’t understand, why don’t you talk?" Iris forgot her fear a moment ago and took a step closer toward him. She remembered the last time they met, he talked to her, but why was he refusing to talk now? 
Once again, he looked at her sorrowfully and shook his head, but then, his body stiffened. He looked toward the door before he turned around. He wanted to leave, as if he sensed something. 
"No! Don’t go! Wait!" Iris grabbed his arm and was slightly surprised. She knew this man was lean, but not so thin. It almost felt like holding the arm of a child. 
And everything happened so fast. 
Cane entered the room with Jace behind him, he looked furious because he smelled another scent from inside the room and at the same time, the young man twisted his arm out of Iris’ grip, as he turned around and leapt from the window. 
"Get him," Cane said coldly to his beta and Jace immediately shifted into his beast. He leapt from the window as well to chase after the man, while Cane grabbed Iris’ arm and turned her body around to get her attention. "What is this?" he asked grimly. 
Iris was stunned to see Cane there, but then she immediately explained everything. She was afraid he would think it was her who invited the man to come. She didn’t want to be under Cane’s suspicion, because she had seen how devious he was always toward his enemies. She didn’t want to be on his bad side. Moreover, she didn’t want to lose the little trust she had gained from him. 
"Oh, and look at this!" Iris tugged Cane’s sleeve to come closer to the fireplace and tossed the poor sleeping lizard into the flames. The little creature’s eyes widened when its body flew into the fire, as it let out a squeaking noise. "Come here, look!" 
This time, Iris tugged Cane’s sleeve again so he would follow her to the brazier. She looked a little bit panicky in her attempt to explain herself to Cane, while the Alpha slightly furrowed his brows, trying to figure out what his mate was trying to do. 
"Here, see this!" Iris pointed her finger at the brazier, but nothing happened. 
"What should I see?" Cane asked and Iris felt even more panicked when the lizard didn’t appear from the brazier, she pulled at her hair in distress. 
"The lizard should appear there. I swear. I didn’t lie to you!" Iris turned her head to look at Cane, she was about to cry. "I didn’t lie. I swear!" 
Iris always had this fear of being called a liar, since that was what Mason always told her; a liar and an attention seeking woman. It got deeply engraved in her mind. Especially when Cane didn’t say anything, with his eyes still fixed on the brazier. 
"That man did the same and the lizard will appear from the brazier," Iris explained it again hastily. "I didn’t lie." 
"Iris." Cane grabbed her hand that kept tugging at her hair relentlessly. He put his other hand on the back of her head, as he moved his thumb in circle motions in order to soothe her anxiety. "Tell me slowly." 
Iris started to explain it again and this time, she was a little bit calmer than before, as she told him all the details she failed to mention earlier. 
Cane looked at the fireplace, but he was sure the lizard didn’t come out from there. It could be said the creature had died and turned into ashes by now, but then there was no way the lizard didn’t struggle first before it was burned to death. When Iris tossed the creature, it vanished, once the flames swallowed it. 
"So, he lit up the brazier?" Cane muttered to himself and then moved away from Iris to put off the brazier, before he lit it up again and there.... The little lizard scrambled out of the flames, shaking its small body, as it was doused in water instead of fire. 
"Ah! There!" Iris immediately rushed forward, as she wanted to get the lizard, but Cane beat her to it, he felt its body and only when he thought it was safe did he hand it over to Iris. 
"He showed you this?" Cane narrowed his eyes.
He smelled someone else’s scent from inside the room when he was halfway here and immediately rushed inside to see that young man and Iris standing together. 
"Yes." Iris nodded immediately. "Oh, he was also the man who appeared inside my bedroom when we were in the black market. Do you remember when you rushed inside the room and smelled someone else’s scent?" 
Cane absolutely remembered that. So, it was not the first encounter between Iris and that mysterious man. But, what was his motive and intention? He became alert at this anomaly. Someone was trying to make a connection with his mate and he didn’t have any idea at all. Was it from the royal family? The people from the Blue Moon pack that were still on the run, since his men were still chasing them down? What was this situation? 
Cane hated it when something was out of his control and he was clueless regarding the matter. 
"I don’t know him, I am not lying..." Iris said, fiddling with her fingers nervously, seeing how serious Cane’s expression was, it made her feel unwell. 
Cane then shifted his attention toward his mate and caressed her rosy cheek before kissing the tip of her nose. "I know." 
At the same time, Jace returned and caught the scene. The Beta shifted into his human form and stared at Iris with a complicated look in his eyes. This was the first time after months they met again.
###Chapter 356: CANE’S ENDEARMENT GESTURE
Chapter 356: CANE’S ENDEARMENT GESTURE
Before Iris went to the capital city, she followed Cane to the black market as well while Jace would always be left behind to take care of the pack every time the Alpha went away. As such, the time he spent with Iris had always been very limited. They were at most at the point of being courteous with each other, but he had not yet reached the point of trusting her completely. 
Unlike Ethan, Jace was still thinking of Iris as a member of the Blue Moon pack and not one of them. 
He also always thought Cane treated Iris considerately because he needed her, since he had to get a grip of the Blue Moon pack and the whole magic stone mine. Moreover, she held some of Cane’s secrets and the fact her presence eased Cane’s transformation during the new moon justified his need to take her whenever he went away. 
However, what Jace witnessed just now was simply too shocking to be believable. 
He kissed her! He kissed the tip of her nose!? 
Cane only did such endearment gestures to the people that were dear to him! He did that to his previous mate and his twin siblings! It was something that not many people realized, but of course, as his beta, he knew this much. 
And now, he kissed her that way?! Did he even realize it?! Or was this some kind of ruse again? He didn’t do anything casually. Ever since they managed to escape from their slavery, he became a calculative person. 
Yet, from the way Jace looked at it, Cane did it very naturally. He probably didn’t even think about it. 
"Who is that person?" Cane asked all of a sudden when Jace just stood in his place. He was in daze, his expression complicated. 
Jace snapped back to reality and shook his head. "I don’t know, I lost him..." He walked over to approach them. "He suddenly disappeared and I can’t find him, there is no trace whatsoever and his scent also vanished all of a sudden." 
"His scent too?" Cane’s expression hardened. He rested his hand on Iris’ waist, as he talked to Jace. His tone became cold. 
"Yes. I don’t know how." Jace glanced at Cane’s hand on Iris’ waist. He was not seeing things. 
A lot of things happened in the span of less than an hour that Cane was away and on top of the plan they had to work on, he needed to prioritize what he should do next. 
"Let Arthur know about this matter and ask someone else to look into this matter. We will proceed with the plan tonight." Cane was well aware, there would be nothing much he could find about this mysterious man, since they didn’t know where to start gathering information about him, but he needed to alert his men about his appearance at least. 
"What about the sorcerer?" Jace asked. He finally shifted his attention away from Cane’s hand. 
"Haco will arrive tonight." 
And with that, the plan was in motion, while Cane was still trying to figure out the mysterious man’s identity, who had shown Iris the ability of this little lizard. He had never heard something like this, but probably it was because Cane was too ignorant about the matters surrounding magic and the Holy Kingdom and the rare creatures of the Serafim. 
But, after he heard what Haco said about the lycan and the attachment of the cursed beast to Iris, also the salamander, which was no other than a creature that belonged to Serafim, he wanted to get more information about the Holy Kingdom. However, it was only next an impossible thing for him to get such information even if he went to the Andelus continent, as the Holy Kingdom was not a place for a shifter like him. 
More so, he had a way to make them come here instead... 
============================== 
"Master, are you sure it is wise to help that alpha?" Sabian asked his master. He stared at the flying hawk Lou set to fly across the ocean to reach the Holy Kingdom, carrying Alan’s handwritten missive, in which he spilled the beans about what happened in this continent along with the appearance of the lycan and black magic. "It is so dangerous to get involved with the Holy Kingdom..." The old man looked worried for his master’s sake. 
As far as he knew, it was actually Lou who wanted to take advantage of Cane and use this alpha for his own benefit. However, it was completely the other way around from the way he looked at things right now.
His master was smart, but how did the Alpha convince him to take this risk? 
"Why not? Why do you think it is dangerous?" Lou asked nonchalantly, as he stared at the flying hawk, which looked so tiny in the vast night sky. 
"Master!" Sabian felt so helpless with his master’s recklessness. Before, he caused trouble within the palace with the sudden monster attacks that almost cost him his life, because he couldn’t control the portal, but right now, he actually poked his head into the problem between the Ogregon continent and the Holy Kingdom. 
"Nah." Lou waved his hand casually. "You are worrying too much. I just sent the letter, but it is in Alan’s handwriting and it’s also him who spilled the beans about what happened here, though his father tried his hardest to conceal it." There was an amused smile on the corners of his lips when he said those things. Stupid people were amusing, at least, as long as they didn’t drag him down with their stupidity. "I have nothing to do with it. They can’t track me down, even if Alan confessed, I just need to deny it." 
"Master! It’s not easy to deny such a thing! You met with him in person inside his bedroom." 
"That’s right. The room is locked and there are guards at every corner, how can I enter the room? I was not there in the first place." Lou shrugged his shoulders and walked away, whistling happily. 
But little did Lou realize, if they couldn’t even connect his involvement with suggesting such a thing to Alan, it would be even more impossible for them to trace this all back to Cane. 
A week had passed since Lou sent the letter to the Holy Kingdom, they must have received it by now and this early morning, the whole capital city was in an uproar with the news that Alpha Cane managed to track down the lycan that had kidnapped his mate in the Riverside pack. 
Not only that... there was another piece of shocking news along with it. 
"They found Vemion’s body?" Lou looked at Sabian in shock. "In the Riverside pack house?" 
"Yes, Master," Sabian reported to his master in a low voice on their way to the site, where they would finish building up the device. It would take them a few more days and they would be done with it. "Actually, not his body... but, only his head, the lycan had decapitated the fourth prince’s body." 
"What about Iris?" Lou couldn’t care less about Vemion, the lycan could chew Vemion’s body for all he cared. "How is she?" 
"The Luna is fine. Currently, they are residing in the pack house of Riverside pack. Alpha Cane is investigating Alpha Gill now."
###Chapter 357: DEGRADING STATEMENT
Chapter 357: DEGRADING STATEMENT
Hanna ran down the corridor, as she frantically looked for Ethan or anyone else, who could confirm the latest news about her missy. 
However, she was stopped by two guards, who blocked her way to enter the warrior’s quarters. 
"Excuse me, I need to go inside," Hanna said politely. She had seen the two of them a few times, because she used to come and go to this place frequently, especially after her missy had been kidnapped. 
She relentlessly pestered Redmond, Ethan, Trion or anyone else she could find, who were able to give her any information regarding the progress of their search for the Alpha and the Luna. 
She almost broke down in tears when she heard the rumor that Alpha Cane managed to find his luna in the Riverside pack after almost a month after she went missing. 
Hanna dropped everything she was doing and rushed toward the warrior’s quarters to confirm it, because the rumor started to circulate within the citizens and they were in an uproar, happy for the Alpha and the Luna. 
Though their time in the capital city was not too long, their involvement with the orphanage was well known. The women would talk about how they wished they found someone like the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack, who would chase down even a cursed beast to bring back his mate and almost all the people wished the Luna would go back to the capital city and continue with the plan to teach those poor lowborn people how to read and write. 
They were so relieved and it showed how much impact Iris and Cane had left on the people during their time in the capital city. 
"You know, you shouldn’t be here," one of the guards said in a cocky tone, as he took a step forward, forcing Hanna to take a step back. "You can’t come here." 
She frowned because this guard was invading her personal space. "I have been coming here so often. Why can’t I come here now?" 
Hanna could tell there was something wrong with them. They were trying to give her trouble. No, it was not a problem... Hanna recognized the way they looked at her. They wanted her. 
This was not the first time she got this kind of gaze, thus she recognized it almost immediately. This pair of jerks! 
"Move!" Hanna said coldly, she felt disgusted when their eyes moved to her chest and a lustful smile appeared on the corners of their lips. 
"You don’t need to be so angry. Tell me, who do you usually have fun with? A warrior from the Howling Wolf pack? Which one? I am sure we can give you more," the other guard chuckled, as he licked his lips. "Good things need to be shared, you know..." 
Hanna growled at that statement and she was ready to defend herself. She forgot how immoral these people were, because she was surrounded by the people from the Howling Wolf pack, who would never touch her inappropriately. She forgot how most of the male shifters viewed a woman, especially someone, who was born with low status like her. 
Most of them were driven by their carnal desires and it was not a secret some of the maidservants and omegas, who did not have a master that could protect them, would end up as a bed warmer to please these lowly guards. 
Their choices were very limited because these guards couldn’t get their hands on women above their rank, thus for someone as beautiful as Hanna to be roaming around them freely was a temptation, especially when she currently didn’t have her master around. 
"Touch me and I will rip your faces apart!" Hanna growled dangerously, she was ready to shift into her beast when they stepped closer to her, though she knew her skills wouldn’t be enough to take down these two guards, but then, she could run away faster in her beast form and look for a shelter later on. 
They wouldn’t dare to do this to her if the Alpha and the Luna were actually here.
"Don’t be so dramatic, you come here so often, why are you trying to act pure and innocent now?" The first guard smacked his lips, not even trying to hide his intentions. 
"If the warriors from my pack see this, you will be dead!" Sharp claws emerged from the tips of her fingers, she wouldn’t hesitate to claw them if they dared to touch her. She took a chance to look over their shoulders, trying to see if she could catch a glimpse of one of the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack. 
The two guards chuckled derisively, amused by Hanna’s attempt to fight them. "Those Howling Wolf pack warriors will not bat an eye if we have our time together. I heard you are not from their pack, you are from the pack that enslaved them for a decade, I am sure they will be fine." 
Hanna growled dangerously. "Step back or else you will regret it!" 
Instead of being scared, the two guards laughed at her, shaking their heads. "Silly girl. I can pay you if you want, though it shouldn’t be necessary, since your kind should be grateful for being pleased. Women only existed to bear children and please men after all." 
Hanna was shaking with anger and wanted to cry out of rage at that degrading statement. It was so common for male shifters to think that way, especially lowborns, as they used to talk vulgarly and voice out what was in their minds with people in the same ranks as them. 
"Fuck off!" Hanna clawed the first guard, who made a move on her, as blood dripped from his wounds and this aggravated him. 
It was still in the middle of the day and there were a few other guards and royal warriors around, but they only watched on in amusement, as if this was something common for them. 
"You bitch!" The injured guard was enraged. 
Hanna immediately shifted into her beast, while the other two guards did the same thing, as they circled her. 
Hanna’s grey beast snapped at the other two, while the warriors and other guards cheered for them from the side. 
However, before things could escalate further, a brown wolf dashed toward them and without a second thought, it attacked the two wolves, as it stood in front of the grey one, snarling at the two guards. 
The two wolves immediately shifted back into their human form and were anxious to see this brown wolf, which was none other than the Gamma of the Howling Wolf pack. 
Soon after, three more pack members of the Howling Wolf pack came and stood by Ethan, who had shifted into his human form, so did Hanna. 
"Are you okay?" Trion asked Hanna. 
Ethan glanced at Hanna over his shoulder, but then he fixed his eyes back on the guards before him. 
"I am fine," Hanna muttered. 
"Are you trying to attack our pack member?" Ethan asked them icily, his body emanated killing intent. He and his pack members had been very sick with these people fucking any woman they could have their hands on, but now they really crossed the boundaries by targeting Hanna. 
"Come on, Gamma Ethan, this is not that serious..." The first guard tried to play it down.
###Chapter 358: WHERE IS HIS BODY?
Chapter 358: WHERE IS HIS BODY?
"It’s not that serious? You insulted a member of our pack." Ethan’s voice was so icy. 
The guards and warriors were well aware how he had beaten up the former crown prince, until he almost died, but with the help of his alpha, he could get away with just an apology. If it was someone else, they would have died a miserable death instead. 
Therefore, though the warriors from the Howling pack were not many, they were respected by the royal warriors and guards, especially Ethan, as he was hot headed and showed his dislike very openly. If they could help it, they didn’t want to get in trouble with them. 
Not to mention Ethan had become one of the leaders of the searching team for his alpha and luna, along with the representative from the Red Claw pack. It was such an achievement, as he was now in charge of hundreds of royal warriors as well. 
"We- we are not trying to insult her. I only suggested that she spend more time with us. There is nothing wrong with that." The first guard tried to avoid Ethan’s dangerous eyes. Chills ran down his spine. He was very afraid of this gamma right now, but had to calm himself down first, so he wouldn’t look so bad in front of his fellow guards. "If you want the girl for yourself, I am fine. I will not touch her." He raised his hands, acting nonchalantly. 
Ethan tilted his head. "What are your names?" 
The two of them looked confused. In the end, they still gave Ethan their names, even though they didn’t have any idea what he would do with that information. 
"Good. I expect both of you to report at the North training ground, we will depart early in the morning." Ethan smiled, but no one would believe it was because of something funny. 
"Wh- what? Where?" 
"We have to hunt down the lycan. Of course, I recruited you to be part of the search team." Ethan then added with malice evident in his eyes. "Under my command." 
As one of the leaders of the searching team, he got free access to choose the people he would take with him. More so, no one would bat an eye if he took these two. 
"Gamma Ethan! You can’t... I didn’t do anything!" The second guard trembled. Searching for the lycan?! All of them even trembled when they heard what kind of creature it was from the other warriors and guards, who saw the cursed beast. 
Ethan shrugged his shoulders and then took a step forward as he spoke in a low voice. "You shouldn’t have touched her in the first place, mutt." 
Having finished with them, Ethan grabbed Hanna’s hand and walked away from there. The two of them would definitely come tomorrow. 
Ethan looked pleased, he should ask Will for a treat for saving his girl, but unfortunately, the man was only getting worse by each passing day. He looked so angry every time to the point people were afraid to even approach him... 
On the other hand, Hanna glanced at the two guards over her shoulder and saw their crestfallen faces. Their days wouldn’t be good under Ethan’s command. 
But, Hanna immediately turned callous to their fate, it was their own doing that brought them to their own misery, more so, their wellbeing was not important to her, they could die for all she cared. 
"Tell me, is the rumor true?" Hanna immediately bombarded Ethan with questions, while Trion and the other two warriors walked behind them. They looked at each other meaningfully to hear such a question. 
"What rumor?" Ethan feigned ignorance, which got him a slap on the back, because Hanna knew he was teasing her. 
Hanna had grown close to the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack, especially Ethan, because both of them liked to share gossip. 
"Okay, okay." Ethan raised both of his hands in a surrender gesture, indicating he would answer her seriously this time. "Yes, the rumor is true. Your missy is alright, the Alpha managed to find her, you don’t need to worry. This morning, Redmond had gone to the Riverside pack along with the other three warriors." 
"Why didn’t they take me with them?" Hanna looked somber when she heard that. "I want to go too, if Miss Iris is not here, why should I be here?" She was not part of the royal servants and her main concern was Iris, thus she should be where her missy was. 
"They went in a hurry. Not to mention you will not be able to keep up with them. You will only slow them down instead." 
Hanna gave Ethan a look upon hearing that. She knew she wouldn’t be able to keep up with the warriors who trained every day. 
"Instead of going to the Riverside pack, why don’t you go to the Orphanage instead? I am sure you can find a lot of things to do there. We will go back together once we are clear to leave the capital city." Ethan then added. "Moreover, it is safest for you to stay there, at least, you will not need to deal with mutts like earlier." 
"Okay," Hanna muttered. It was not that she didn’t want to go to the orphanage, but Will was there. Their last conversation didn’t end well and he looked uncomfortable whenever she was nearby. He didn’t even try to hide it when he tried to avoid her. 
On the other hand, Ethan simply wanted the two of them to meet, probably Hanna could help with whatever troubles Will was facing and also sort out their own problem, but even more because he felt a little bit guilty for deceiving her. 
Almost all of the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack and also Redmond knew Cane and Iris were fine and that they were heading to the Riverside pack, though some of them were not clear why the lycan was involved in this matter, but they didn’t ask questions. 
It was only Hanna who was clueless about all of that and it was no less than torture for them to see her crying every day while she kept asking for news about the Alpha and the Luna. 
They did this because the story would look more believable if people could see how distressed Hanna was, since the warriors were not really good at acting. 
Well, if someone was to be blamed for her grief, it should be Cane, since the Alpha was the one who came up with the plan, knowing his warriors lacked emotions, leaving him with making Hanna to carry the emotional part of his plan this time. 
============================= 
"Cane! You had hidden Prince Vemion’s head in this pack?" Iris looked at Cane in horror, she lowered her voice, so no one would be able to eavesdrop on their conversation, though it was only the two of them in their bedroom, in the Riverside pack house. 
"Yes," Cane replied simply, as he sat down next to her on the sofa and caressed her cheek absentmindedly. 
Iris shrunk her body in fear, she remembered how he had killed him. "What about his body...? Where is his body?" 
"Do you really want to know?" 
Iris was not sure, but Cane beckoned her closer before he whispered his answer into her ear.
###Chapter 359: A PLEASANT DINNER
Chapter 359: A PLEASANT DINNER
Iris frowned. She pouted her lips when Cane whispered into her ear, as he told her where the body of Prince Vemion was. 
She then tilted her head and stared at him in disbelief as she said in annoyance. "You know I am deaf, right?" 
Mirth danced in those dark eyes of his as a small smile tugged up the corners of Cane’s lips when he heard her protest. "I know," he said curtly. 
"Are you playing with me?" Iris narrowed her eyes at him, but he simply brushed her bangs and stood up. 
"Let’s go, we will have dinner with Alpha Gill." Cane took Iris’ hand. She looked reluctant to have dinner with Alpha Gill. She didn’t even want to be near him whatsoever. 
Cane could see that, but he couldn’t cater to her every need. Iris should learn how to fight her discomfort because just like what he had told and showed her, their road ahead would be filled with much worse than just some discomfort, thus she needed to figure out how to face her own crisis. 
Protecting her was his priority, but coddling her wouldn’t help anyone in the long run. 
Iris took his hand and stood up. She was not happy to have dinner with Alpha Gill, but she didn’t refuse to go. As long as Cane was by her side, she could endure this dinner. 
"Tell me, where is Prince Vemion’s body?" Iris became curious because Cane tricked her. 
"I have told you earlier," Cane said, as both of them stepped out of the bedroom, holding hands like usual, but for Jace, who had been waiting for them outside of the door, this was something that made him frown. 
Since when did the Alpha start being so touchy? He was not like this even with Aria. Because of the nightmare they had gone through, most of them hated to be touched casually and developed a habit of avoiding skinship altogether, unless it was with someone they were comfortable with. 
Did he feel comfortable with her? What actually happened in the capital city? For someone who didn’t see them for months, this change puzzled him greatly. 
"Hi, Jace," Iris greeted him sheepishly when she saw him. 
"Oh, hi Luna..." Jace mumbled. He saw difference in Iris as well, because she was way more comfortable with Cane than before, same as the Alpha and this luna was talking a little bit more than her usual reserved self that he came to know during the few times he met her. 
Iris smiled, but she avoided looking into his eyes, as she turned her focus back to Cane swiftly. "Tell me..." she said in a low voice, tugging at his sleeve, but Cane simply repeated the same trick, leaving his mate frustrated. 
Meanwhile, this subtle gesture and the banter between the two of them didn’t go unnoticed by Jace. He was floored. Was Cane teasing her? Did that even make sense? 
They exchanged letters very often, whether it was a secret missive or a report regarding the two packs, which would be fine even if the King’s spy read, since it would be too suspicious if they couldn’t find anything to be reported back to the King. 
But then, of course, even in those two types of letters, Ethan had never mentioned anything about the progress of the relationship between Cane and Iris. 
Jace was determined to interrogate the Gamma once he got back to the pack. He was going to dig out every detail, because for him, it was so absurd. 
And if the Beta thought that was it, he wouldn’t be surprised again when he witnessed how naturally Cane leaned over and kissed Iris’ forehead, as if he was coaxing her, because he refused to tell her the whereabouts of Prince Vemion’s body. Cane casually slid down his hand from her shoulder and rested it on her waist protectively, as they walked down this long corridor. 
Somehow, the Beta felt awkward. He felt like he was disturbing their alone time together, though they were in the enemy’s territory and such display of affection was not necessary. 
As for Cane and Iris, the time they spent together in the forest for those two weeks made them grow closer, even though they didn’t really realize it themselves. It just happened... 
Thankfully, Jace didn’t need to be fed by such a sweet scene when he didn’t have a mate of his own for a long time now, as they arrived in the dining hall in no time, where they could hear a lot of laughter and music in the background. 
This must be a typical dinner setting in the standards of the southern pack, as they loved to be fed and to be pleased. 
Jace immediately scrunched his nose as the smell of sex filled the air. 
Iris’ body stiffened when the door to the dining hall opened and before her eyes, there were a few naked women, sitting on some men’s laps, walking around the table while some were being passed among men. 
Alpha Gill himself had a naked woman with brown hair, sitting on his lap, while he dropped honey on her bare chest and licked it from there. He was too occupied in indulging his own pleasures, he didn’t even realize Cane was already there. 
On the other hand, Jace felt like he revived the days of their slavery. This was the same exact thing they used to see. 
There were not only women, but also naked men there, as they pleased their masters or gave them a show. 
This was not a dinner, but if you were from the southern pack, you would know this kind of thing was very common here. 
The Alpha and all the highborns in this pack loved to have their carnal desires fulfilled. They would use any occasion to have this kind of party and this time, this ’welcome party’ was to honor Cane and Iris. 
"Alpha Cane!" Alpha Gill raised his head from the woman’s breasts and grinned at him and Iris. 
Iris felt like she wanted to vomit, she kept her eyes down and didn’t dare to look around this room. She lost her appetite. She didn’t want to eat anything here, which had been contaminated by those people’s fluids... 
"Alpha Gill," Cane said politely, as he sat down next to him, while Iris settled by his side. She clutched onto his pants, as he uncorked a bottle of wine and poured some for her, so she could relax a little bit. 
"Someone come! Serve them their meals!" Alpha Gill’s voice boomed inside the room and two maidservants wearing transparent dresses, which covered nothing of their skin immediately came to serve two portions of meals to Iris and Cane. 
One of them intentionally brushed her chest against Cane’s shoulder, which made Alpha Gill grin. 
"You must have been dreaming of being served like this, right? After all, you have been to many parties that were held by Alpha Gerald. Unfortunately, at that time, you were not in a position where you could do as you pleased..." Alpha Gill smacked his lips lewdly. "Now, I have prepared some women for you!" He slurred, he was drunk, but did not completely forget about his mission to get on Cane’s good side, since they found Vemion’s head in his pack and now the Red Claw pack was enraged.
###Chapter 360: DON’T BITE ME!
Chapter 360: DON’T BITE ME!
Alpha Gill didn’t have any idea how the head of Prince Vemion surfaced in his pack and why the lycan brought the fourth prince and Iris here when he didn’t know anything about the lycan. 
Thankfully, Dexter was long gone. The King had summoned him back to the capital city because he needed him to check on Princess Osana’s curse. The former head of royal sorcerers had been given a death sentence, but the curse on the Princess had not yet been lifted. 
From what Alpha Gill heard, Dexter had been appointed as the new head of royal sorcerers and was currently trying to figure out the curse on Princess Osana. 
There were a lot of things that didn’t make sense to Gill, since his line of information was flawed and his sources were limited. However, he refrained himself from getting involved further, because things could get messy and he could be dragged into muddy waters without him knowing it. 
After all, it was the King himself, who created this plan. He could end up like Alpha Josh, Cane’s father, if he suddenly started being nosy. 
Moreover, with the newly found Prince Vemion’s head in his pack, currently, the Red Claw pack was enraged, their alpha demanded an explanation from them, or else, they would march to the Riverside pack and take one of his sons. A life for a life... 
Therefore, he was determined to get on Cane’s good side, because he was the person in charge of the search for the lycan. 
Cane could clear his name and prove his innocence. 
"You will like this!" Alpha Gill guffawed, as he fondled his woman’s breast, while two other women rubbed themselves against him. "I prepared the best women in this pack for you!"
Jace, who heard that from afar, scoffed disdainfully. If there were any best women in this pack, those women must have long ended up in Alpha Gill’s bed countless times. There was no way he would skip any opportunity to dip his dick inside those women first. 
With a cue from the Alpha, three women emerged from behind the backdoor, wearing nothing, but transparent blue dresses, which didn’t cover their bodies at all, since you could see the skin beneath the fabric. 
They walked seductively, puckering their lips and made all the men inside the dining hall turn their heads toward themselves, as they salivated over their bodies. 
Those three women were Alpha Gill’s favorites and it was him being ’generous’ by sharing them with Cane, because he thought, in that way, he would make Cane’s happy. After all, he was a man who would judge others by his own standards and unfortunately for him, he was not really bright at reading other people. 
Iris stiffened to see the three women, who made their way toward Cane and her. She glared at their voluptuous bodies and couldn’t help, but compare herself to them, although it was not the right time to entertain such a thought. Iris glanced at Cane, who kept pouring her a glass of wine. However, he didn’t touch the food served to them. 
"Drink," Cane said simply, as he nudged the glass against her lips. 
Iris couldn’t understand why Cane kept insisting for her to drink, did he want her to get drunk? Moreover, she couldn’t reject him, thus she drank obediently with a sour expression, as those women kept walking closer to them. 
However, Cane remained unfazed, he didn’t even glance at them and all of his attention was on his sullen mate, while he resumed pouring another glass of wine for her. It was so obvious he wanted her to get drunk. 
Meanwhile, by the time Iris downed her fourth glass, the three women had surrounded Cane, as they started to rub their bodies against him, whispering seductive words in his ears, which made Iris want to claw their faces. Unfortunately, she couldn’t shift into a beast like a normal shifter. 
"I came in contact with a lycan when I rescued my mate, so I am not sure if I am not affected by any curse," Cane said simply, which made them stop touching him. "Have you heard of Princess Osana’s curse?" 
Understanding dawned upon them before fear creeped up their faces, as they took a collective step back from him. 
"I will get myself tested first before I can enjoy your gifts," Cane said politely to Alpha Gill, who was frowning now, suddenly he became sober after hearing the word ’curse’. 
The King didn’t release any details about the curse on Princess Osana, thus he was not sure whether it really came from the lycan or there was another dark sorcerer who had done that. 
"Don’t worry, I’ll get it done tomorrow, I have invited a sorcerer to check on me and my mate," Cane said, as he poured another glass for Iris, at this point, her face was very red. "I hope you don’t mind letting him stay here for a while." 
"Of course!" Alpha Gill was in the mood of kissing Cane’s ass, thus he would approve of anything he wanted, so he would help him deal with the Red Claw pack and explain his innocence regarding the matter with the lycan. "Is this sorcerer someone close to you?" 
Cane shook his head. "We just met a few times before and I think he is quite skillful." Cane casually pulled Iris closer and sat her on his lap when one of the women tried to approach him again, seemingly she didn’t take the word ’curse’ from Cane seriously. However, she stopped in her tracks when the Alpha started kissing her tipsy mate’s neck. Somehow, she felt awkward. "I want to meet with the head of the royal warriors, who guard the border. How many royal warriors are available there?" 
"There are five hundred for each pack," Alpha Gill immediately answered him. 
Every territory of a pack in this continent would be guarded by the royal warriors, along with the pack warriors, thus if something happened between the packs or if there were any conflicts over territories, they could act quickly and act as peacemakers. In that way, they could report it to the King efficiently. 
After all, conflict between packs was something common, it happened a few times before, though it never escalated further. 
"So, there are two thousand five hundred of them in the southern kingdom." 
"More or less." Alpha Gill felt a little bit off with this conversation. They should have fun, rather than talking about serious matters, but then, Cane was having fun with his mate on his lap, without feeling awkward at all... 
"Hm." Cane nodded, as he nibbled on Iris’ earlobe, which made her squirm on his lap as she tried to get his face away from her. 
"Alpha Cane... about the Red Claw pack..." 
"Call the other southern alphas to come here and we will discuss this together," Cane said, he cut off his words, since he knew what he wanted to say. 
Meanwhile, feeling neglected because Cane talked to Alpha Gill with the alcohol clouding her mind, Iris cupped Cane’s face with both of her hands, so she could make him stop nibbling on her earlobe. She pouted and stared at Cane. 
"Don’t bite me!" She said in a clear voice, glaring at Cane before she bit his lips!
###Chapter 361: SHE BIT BACK
Chapter 361: SHE BIT BACK
Iris was lightheaded and a little bit annoyed because Cane neglected her and talked with someone else. Not to mention he kept nibbling on her earlobe, which was so ticklish. 
The alcohol that Cane kept pouring for her, seemingly was starting to show an effect on Iris. She became a little bit bold when she cupped his face and bit him back. She bit his lips, which made Cane stiffen. 
On the other hand, the Beta, who was sitting at a different table from them, had his jaw dropped when he witnessed this. 
Cane hated it when he had to kiss someone or he was being kissed, because Gerald had done something unthinkable to him, ruining this particular intimate act for him. 
Jace also still remembered how Aria kept complaining because Cane didn’t want to kiss her on the lips. She tried to instigate it many times, but Cane would get mad at her and refuse to see her until she swore she wouldn’t do that again. 
And now, Iris had caught him off guard. What would he do? Would he refuse to see her? 
Jace didn’t realize that he was holding his breath, waiting for Cane’s reaction. It felt like forever, though the kiss only lasted for five mere seconds. 
"Don’t. Bite. Me!" Iris emphasized her words, staring at Cane’s shocked expression, before she leaned over and nuzzled the crook of his neck. 
On the contrary, Cane was speechless. He didn’t expect this. It had never crossed his mind Iris would act this way when she was drunk. But, at the same time, he could feel her soft lips and her warm breath linger over his lips... 
He used to hate this, but he couldn’t say the same right now. He couldn’t bring himself to get mad when he was the one who had caused this, while Iris started to fall asleep. 
Her alcohol tolerance was, apparently, close to zero. Probably, this was her first time getting drunk. Cane took a mental note of that. 
"My mate is drunk. I will take my leave now." Cane cradled Iris in his arms and then stood up. He didn’t wait for Alpha Gill’s permission. 
"Yes, take your mate and get your test of the curse done tomorrow, we will hold another party when we invite the other three alphas here! You must not miss those women’s services. They will blow your mind!" Alpha Gill guffawed, as he pinched his woman’s nipple harshly, which made her yelp in pain. 
Cane said nothing, he nodded and then left, carrying Iris in his arms. Neither of them touched their food, even Jace ate nothing from the table, as he was disgusted by the people in the dining hall, as they kept fucking each other, spreading fluids all over the tables and floor. 
Jace rushed toward Cane, once they were out of the dining hall. He doubted if the smell of sex seeped into his clothes and skin and this made him frown hard. 
"Cane, are you... okay?" Jace asked hesitantly, he walked by his side and glanced at Iris, who had fallen asleep. "You got her drunk intentionally?" 
Cane wanted to find an excuse to leave as soon as possible and also make Iris slightly relaxed because of their surroundings, but apparently, he overdid it and he wished it wouldn’t affect her health. 
More so, he caught up with a silly thought of the tipsy Iris. Her face was so red and she looked annoyed, as if she wanted to get mad, but didn’t have the courage, thus Cane kept pouring her glass after glass, to see what she would do when she loosened up a little bit. 
However, it was him, who was surprised by how bold she could be. 
"Hey, are you alright?" Jace nudged Cane’s arm. "I saw her... kissing you." 
"Hm." 
That was it? That was his only reaction to that? 
Jace studied his expression, but it was hard to tell what he was thinking at this moment behind that cold expression of his. 
He became even more curious about what was going on between the two of them. What was their deal? 
=========================== 
"I sent Hanna to the orphanage, have you seen her?" Ethan asked Will, after he took great pain to find this man. He had to ask around, before he could find his hiding place, he was sitting on a broken bench, near the river behind the orphanage building, staring at the stream. 
However, once he heard what Ethan had said, he abruptly stood up and choked the Gamma, his eyes were so cold and dead.
"What did you say?!" Killing intent emanated from his body. He had taken great pains to make Hanna stay away from him, but now Ethan sent her here?! 
"Are you crazy!? Let me go!" Ethan glared at Will, as he tried to loosen up his grip, but somehow, he was so strong and the Gamma was having a hard time trying to free himself, unless he was going to hurt him. That was not his intention in the first place. "What the fuck you are doing?! Are you going to kill me?!" 
"STAY AWAY FROM ME AND MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS!" Will exploded. He didn’t tighten his grip around Ethan’s neck, but he tossed him aside, as the Gamma stumbled and fell on the ground. 
"Fuck!" Ethan cursed loudly when his butt touched the dirty ground. "What’s wrong with you?!" 
"Take her back to the palace! Take her away from here! Get her away from me!" Myriad of intrusive thoughts had been running in his mind. He kept quiet all this time because his mind was so loud, telling him to end the pain. 
Will had started to cut himself to the point, it took him longer for him to heal than usual, but he managed to cover his wounds, since he was a shifter and all he needed to do was to wait for the blood to stop oozing out. 
He didn’t want to kill himself, he only wanted this pain to stop and he was on the verge of giving up by now. 
On the other hand, before Ethan could discern what was actually going on, Will had shifted into his beast and attacked him. 
The Gamma couldn’t believe he was being attacked by Will. They had known each other for so long, ever since their teenage years, but all this time, people knew Will as a pacifist, he was not a violent person. 
Thus, it came as a surprise for Will to attack Ethan first. His reaction was over the top. 
The fight lasted for two hours until both of them were bleeding and exhausted, yet Will kept pushing his limits, as if he couldn’t care less if he died in Ethan’s hands. 
But, the Gamma was the first to shift back into his human form as he laid back on the grass. The weather was so warm tonight. 
"Break! Break! Let’s take a break!" He panted, his breathing was erratic. 
Thankfully, Will was not crazy enough to continue attacking Ethan, as he shifted back into his human form again. "Take her away from here, bring her back to the palace." 
"And what? Let those mutts harass her again?" 
Will froze, his voice was so cold. "What do you mean?"
###Chapter 362: A DRAMATIC STORY
Chapter 362: A DRAMATIC STORY
Both Ethan and Will were covered in injuries as blood oozed out from their wounds. The grass beneath them was stained in the dark color of their blood. They were panting erratically after engaging in an intense fight for two hours. 
The weather was warm tonight and the blood felt sticky on their skin. 
"What do you mean?" Will immediately sat down and glared at Ethan for his comment. "Who harassed her?!" His body was trembling, anger coursed through his veins with the offhand comment from the Gamma. 
Meanwhile, Ethan was still lying on the grass, as he made an ’oopsie’ face when he saw how mad Will was. He pretended he said something he shouldn’t have. 
"Ugh. Hanna told me not to say anything about it..." he mumbled, which only irritated Will. 
"Say it! Say what happened!" Will growled dangerously. He had no patience for Ethan’s antics and immediately sat on top of his body, as he pulled his collar and screamed into his face. "What happened to her!?" Killing intent radiated from his body and Ethan had never seen Will lose it like this. 
He was a sweet boy from their pack and was quiet most of the time, he endured their slavery days without saying much, whenever he was angry or sad, he would keep it to himself, but right now, he looked like a feral beast. 
"SAY IT!" Will punched Ethan so hard, the Gamma felt like his head would be detached from his neck. "WHAT HAPPENED TO HER!?" 
"Okay! Okay!" Ethan screamed, he put both of his arms in front of his face to prevent himself from suffering another blow. Heavens! He was scared of this man’s temper! 
Actually, it was his fault to provoke Will when he was in his darkest mood. Ethan only wanted to push a little bit of his limit, but it seemed he had overdone it. 
"How can I speak if you keep trying to break my jaw!?" 
"Speak now!" 
Ethan then told him about what happened with Hanna and the two guards, who had tried to harass her, but he exaggerated a few things, so it would sound more dramatic, stirring Will’s anger even more. 
"Do you want me to send her back to the palace? I am handling those two mutts, but there were a lot of mutts inside the palace, who had their eyes on her. Without the Luna and the Alpha there and also me, no one could guarantee she would be safe and the guards would not try to pull the same thing with her. She is a beauty, to be honest." Ethan found himself being choked for his last statement. "I am not saying it... in a lustful way!" He slapped Will’s hands away and coughed. "Geez! You are really trying to kill me!" 
Right at that time, Trion walked in on them and he let out a shriek to see their compromising position. 
"Did I... interrupt... something?" Trion asked hesitantly. 
"Don’t be ridiculous," Ethan grumbled. "Can’t you see I am half dead here?" 
Will got off of Ethan’s body and sat down next to him, his expression was so dark, as if he was thinking about something excessively. 
Ethan pushed himself off of the ground and wiped the drying out blood from his face, he could feel a few of his bones had broken and it would take quite some time for such injuries to heal. Damn. 
"So do you want me to take her back to the palace?" Ethan received a nasty and angry look from Will. "Well, I will take that as a ’no’." 
On the other hand, Trion didn’t dare to approach the two men, as he stayed at a distance from them. He didn’t want to be caught in whatever problem they were having right now. 
"Why don’t you go see her? Hanna looked traumatized by what happened and she would quietly cry while no one was seeing. She looks pale and doesn’t eat much..." 
Trion listened to what Ethan was saying, until he got the gist of it and he grimaced, listening how smoothly he lied to Will about Hanna’s condition. 
Traumatized by what happened? Pale? Didn’t eat much? 
Who was this gamma talking about? Hanna clearly didn’t take the matter with the two guards to heart. She didn’t look pale and he met her just earlier. She was having fun with Joyce and the other children, having a small picnic in the garden to eat their lunch. 
But to Trion’s surprise, Will took all of that bullshit seriously. 
"Don’t you feel the need to comfort her?" Ethan sighed and shook his head dramatically. "I am not that close to her... so, I am not sure if I can comfort her." 
Trion stared at Ethan in disbelief... they were not close? Seriously, they were buddies when it came to gossip. Yet, he kept his mouth shut. If this could help with the relationship between Will and Hanna, he didn’t have any ion. 
After all, it would be Ethan who would get beaten up, if Will learned if he was fooled by the Gamma. 
Meanwhile, Will didn’t say anything, but his eyes turned so cold. He lowered his head and stared at the ground. And after Ethan finished with his emotional story- telling, silence ensued. 
"Ehem," Trion cleared his throat to get their attention. "I am here to tell you that we received a secret missive from Alpha Cane. Half of us need to return to the southern pack and the rest will remain in the orphanage." 
"There is no need to stay in the palace?" Ethan asked and Trion shook his head. "Why do we need to stay in the orphanage? There is not much information we can gather here. Shouldn’t we pay close attention to the royal family and what happened there rather than stay with children here?" 
None of them knew the reason behind Cane’s decision... 
============================ 
Iris woke up and the first thing she felt was her throbbing head. Her head ached so badly, as if someone hammered her skull. 
Iris curled her body into a fetal position, while she groaned and whimpered. This was her experiencing a hangover. 
And then, she felt a warm and callous hand on her back, moving up and down in soothing motion. She tilted her head and saw Cane, who was sitting next to her. 
"My head aches..." Iris said in a small voice and Cane pulled up her body before gathering the pillows behind her back, so she could sit down. 
Cane got off the bed and poured a cup of tea for her, the white steam of the warm tea filled the air around her and it smelled so good. On the other hand, he brought a glass of water too. 
"Here drink this..." Cane sat down next to her and handed the glass to her. He then took a pill from the bedside table and told Iris to take it. 
"What is this?" Iris asked about the pill, but she plopped it down her throat without waiting for his answer. 
"For your hangover." 
"Hangover?" Iris tried to recall what happened last night and her face turned mortified. 
"Do you remember something?" Cane asked casually upon seeing her expression. 
"No! I don’t remember anything!" Iris shook her head vigorously.
###Chapter 363: SHE FELT SO EMBARASSED
Chapter 363: SHE FELT SO EMBARASSED
Iris could feel her face turn red when Cane mentioned last night. She didn’t remember it... at first. But then, snippets of what had happened came to her mind one after one, reminding her of her actions. 
She had kissed him! 
Iris even remembered what she said to him when she kissed him in front of so many people, yet she was too embarrassed to admit it. 
"Are you sure, you don’t remember?" Cane looked amused at her blatant lie. 
"Yes, I am sure..." Iris bit her lip, feeling guilty because she lied. She thought Cane would press her further, but he dropped it easily. 
"Okay." He nodded and then handed over the cup of tea in his hand, as he took the glass from her. "Drink this. I will ask for our breakfast." 
Cane stood up and went to the table, where there were two trays of breakfast, he then grabbed the lizard, which was sleeping on top of the table and used the creature to light up the fireplace, before he threw all the food into the flames. 
The lizard made a squeaking noise and then rushed away once Cane was done with it. Its pride was hurt. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t pay attention to that creature, the only thing in his mind was how to discover more of its abilities and who was that mysterious man from the other day. 
And the reason why he threw their breakfast, even though they didn’t eat anything last night, was because Cane didn’t want to eat anything that was served to them in this pack. Firstly, it was for their own safety, since they didn’t know whether Alpha Gill would put something in their meal and secondly, because it disgusted Cane to see how they used food for acts of pleasure. 
Iris was bewildered that Cane wasted food, but said nothing, as she was still occupied with the thought of her kissing him. She was afraid for some reason and chose to drink her tea silently. 
Not long after that, Jace came knocking on the door, bringing their breakfast, it was only a few pieces of bread and scrambled egg. Though, it was not much, but it was safer for them to consume. 
Cane took the tray and closed the door after he instructed something to his beta. He then went to the bed and put the tray on it. 
"Eat. You will feel better." 
Iris munched on her bread, but she felt uncomfortable because she lied to him, thus she gathered up her courage to admit it. 
"I..." She bit her lip nervously and lifted her head sheepishly. "I remembered what happened last night. I am sorry." She apologized for lying to him and also for kissing him. 
"I know," Cane said simply. "Finish your breakfast." 
============================= 
Alpha Dristan from the Red Claw pack and Koda, along with their pack warriors and the royal warriors and some warriors from the Howling Wolf pack, led by Ethan, marched toward the Riverside pack. 
The Alpha felt humiliated because of what happened to Prince Vemion and Koda was enraged because his grandson died in such a brutal way. 
They came in full force to demand an explanation about what happened and how the fourth prince’s head could be found miles away from the capital city and more so, why the lycan came to the Riverside pack in the first place. 
They believed it was the head of the royal sorcerers, who had performed black magic and summoned the lycan to this realm, but now there were rumors saying how a lycan would return to their summoner to complete the order that was given to the cursed creature. 
In this case, wasn’t Alpha Gill the suspicious one here? 
They didn’t know where the rumor came from and whether it was true or not, but the citizens believed that, since there was very limited information about the lycan in the first place, more so, the rumor had been circulating like crazy. 
With the Howling Wolf pack warriors, Hanna also tagged along, so did Will. He was ordered to stay behind, but he didn’t listen, as he followed the troop to the Riverside pack, while Aderan, Trion and a few warriors were in charge in the orphanage. 
"Drink this," Avid said, as he handed over his waterskin to Hanna. She thanked him and took a pinch of salt from her pocket to put on her tongue before she drank the water. 
The road was harsh and because winter had ended, they couldn’t take the forest route. It would be so risky if the monsters started to be active again after their hibernation. 
"We will continue in ten minutes, be ready," Avid said and then left, once he was out of Hanna’s sight, he went to Will, who had been waiting for him. "She has been eating and drinking, she looks good and energetic, though slightly exhausted." 
Today was the fifth day of them being out of the capital city, which meant, they would have more or less ten more days to reach the Riverside pack. 
Will nodded and turned around, but Avid stopped him. "Why are you treating her like that? I thought the two of you were in a relationship? You have a problem, talk about it with her and don’t ignore her. She kept asking about you, but was too afraid to approach you." Will did the same thing, as he used the other warriors to look after Hanna. 
They didn’t mind doing him a favor, since they had grown close to her, but it felt awkward to be caught in the middle of this. 
Will said nothing, he left Avid to boil in his frustration. 
The once sweet boy had changed and his change was destructive to both him and the people around him. 
========================== 
It had been a week since Iris and Cane arrived in the Riverside pack and the Alpha was very busy with a lot of things, until she could no longer keep up with what he was up to. 
Thankfully, Redmond arrived the day before and had been accompanying Iris. 
But truth to be told, he was not a good companion and they spent their time with Redmond teaching Iris how to ride a horse properly. The only setback was, he always ended up scolding her, because she kept doing it wrongly, not living up to his high expectations whatsoever. 
"I will not be riding this horse anymore!" Iris fumed after she found herself being scolded for the nth time because she placed her feet wrongly. 
"And then what? Will you expect your mate to ride with you every time?!" Redmond scoffed. "What if you are in a situation where you have to run away?! He can shift into his beast and escape pretty quickly, but what about you?" 
"I will ride him then!" Iris blurted out, but then her face turned very red because how wrong it sounded to say such a thing. 
Well, Redmond knew what she meant, after all, he was well aware how they reached this pack, yet it sounded a little bit obscene to hear her say it out loud. 
"I will ask someone else to teach me! I don’t want you to teach me again!" Iris immediately ran away, she felt so embarrassed for what she said and couldn’t face Redmond right now.
###Chapter 364: PREDICAMENT
Chapter 364: PREDICAMENT
Because it was quite a large entourage, it was quite hard to find people as they constantly moved and only got very little time to take breaks during this long journey. 
Although their journey was not smooth sailing and they met a few monsters on their way, there was nothing major to be worried about. 
Everything went well until the seventh day when someone found two guards under Ethan’s command dead in the most gruesome way. Their bodies had been torn into pieces, their hands were crushed and their eyes bulged out of their sockets. These two guards didn’t even seem to have time to shift into their beasts before they were killed silently. 
It was not clear how the murderer could get away without anyone noticing. 
"From the looks of it, they were killed first before their bodies were dismembered..." Koda analyzed the situation. 
They did smell blood last night, but because they had just been attacked by monsters, they thought it was from those warriors who were injured during the attack and had not yet healed completely. 
On the other hand, Ethan grimaced, not because he felt sorry for those two guards, but because one could see the hatred and anger the murderer harbored to leave these two bodies almost unrecognizable... 
And the fact the Gamma knew the real culprit behind this didn’t help either, because that man was right beside him now, staring at the gruesome scene with a callous expression. 
"I think it’s the doing of the lycan." Will suddenly opened his mouth when Alpha Dristan was busy discussing this problem with Koda. 
"The lycan?" Alpha Dristan turned around and faced Will, prodding him to explain more. 
Ethan felt his heart leap into his throat, he was worried Will would say something that he shouldn’t, but after he heard what he said and knew what he was trying to hint at, he supported his ’analysis’. 
"I agree with Will. This only meant we are getting closer to the lycan. We need to tighten our security and double check the whole area." 
Not knowing what to believe while Will and Ethan’s explanation sounded rational, Alpha Dristan and Koda chose to give them the benefit of doubt for the moment and did what Ethan had suggested. 
However, once it was only the two of them, Ethan pulled Will aside after he made sure no one was within an earshot before he berated him. 
"What do you think you were doing?!" Ethan hissed viciously. "What if someone saw you?" 
"No one saw me," Will said simply. His eyes were dead. He looked numb when he admitted to what he had done. "They deserved that. I don’t want them tortured, I want to get rid of those pests." 
Ethan did give those guards hell during their journey, but in Will’s eyes, it did not seem enough. The sight of them alone was a scourge in his eyes. 
"Will!" 
However, Will didn’t want to listen to Ethan, as he immediately left. 
On the other hand, the Gamma couldn’t find fault with his action, since it helped strengthen the story about the lycan coming from the Riverside pack and they were heading in the right path, as there was proof now that someone encountered the cursed beast. 
"Was it him?" Avid approached Ethan and asked in a low voice. 
"Hm." 
"He is becoming more and more unrecognizable. What actually happened to him?" Avid clicked his tongue. He had seen how Will avoided Hanna like a plague, but once the woman was not noticing anymore, he would be around her, especially at night, he would intentionally guard near her. 
================================== 
Iris slowed down her pace once she was alone after she left Redmond behind in the stables. She ran away because she was embarrassed by what she said, not because she was angry at him. 
"Ugh. What did I just say..." The tips of her ears turned red. She fiddled with her dress and stared into the distance. Currently, she was walking down the hallway of the second floor and in the distance, she could see the crowd. 
Tonight, Alpha Gill was holding a party for the other four alphas from the Crystal Moon pack, the Bloody Wolf pack, the Silver River pack and the Diandem pack. Cane had requested this and in an attempt of himself kissing his ass, especially when he heard that the Red Claw pack was marching here, he readily agreed to call the other alphas. 
More so, he felt safe with all the southern alphas gathered here. His mood was so light and he bragged how he would kick Alpha Dristan and all the mutts from the Red Claw pack, if they dared to cross him. 
Meanwhile, Cane had been very busy, planning something with Haco, as the sorcerer stayed by his side all the time. He introduced the sorcerer as the new member of the pack. They coincidentally met with each other and the Alpha was generous enough to take this poor and homeless sorcerer under his wing. 
No one would question that story, but that was the explanation the King would hear about the sorcerer by Cane’s side. 
Iris watched on as the crowd entered the pack house and from the crest on the carriage, she knew these people were from the Silver River pack, under Alpha Gian’s ruling. Iris also remembered the last time all of these alphas visited the Blue Moon pack for the welcoming party, where she had to be introduced as Cane’s new slave. She didn’t forget those dark days. 
The sun was so bright and the weather became slightly warmer, thus Iris was wearing a thin cloak over her riding attire, she had her hair pulled up into a bun. It was afternoon and at night, a glorious party would be held. She could imagine what kind of lecherous acts would unfold later. 
If she could, she didn’t want to go, but at the thought of those women who would stop at nothing to seduce Cane, she felt very annoyed and irritated. 
However, because Iris was staring at the crowd in the distance, she didn’t notice her surroundings. She didn’t hear what he said, nor did she notice his presence. 
"What are you doing here?" Alpha Gill approached Iris, but then he realized she had her back to him and she couldn’t hear what he said. "Ck! You have grown into a beautiful woman now..." he stared at her back with lust in his eyes. It was such a temptation to see that little girl bloom into a fine lady. What a pity, he couldn’t taste her. 
He was so close to having her when Cane introduced her as his slave in the welcoming party half a year ago. 
Alpha Gill had wanted Iris to be one of his mistresses, but was rejected by Gerald. He wanted his only daughter to be marked by a strong alpha, not an alpha from a small pack like the Riverside pack. In terms of wealth, the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack could be said to be the richest packs in the south kingdom, since they owned the magic stone mines. 
Alpha Gill saw Iris for the first time when she was fifteen years old and had been infatuated with her since then. 
Filled with greed and lust, he moved closer toward Iris and covered her mouth from behind, so she couldn’t make a sound, as he held her waist and dragged her to the nearby room.
###Chapter 365: PREDICAMENT (2)
Chapter 365: PREDICAMENT (2)
Hanna was feeling dejected. They had been in the same entourage for days, but she couldn’t snag a chance to talk with Will. Because they only took short breaks at times and then continued with their journey again and when night fell, she would already be so tired. There was no way she would be able to hold a conversation with Will in such a state. 
However, when Hanna finally got a chance to see him, she was frozen in her place, she didn’t dare to approach him. His rejection was still clear in her mind and it hurt her to an extent she didn’t even realize. 
It was so true when people said, the depth of your love toward someone was equal to the depth of your pain, if not more. 
"Are you okay?" Ethan approached Hanna, as they took a ten minute break to eat and hydrate themselves, before they continued again. The Gamma sat down next to her and offered her some dry meat, but Hanna shook her head. "Eat more, I don’t want Will to continue glaring at me if you got any thinner than this." 
Hanna glanced at Ethan, both of them sat down under a huge tree with its roots protruding from the ground. 
"He doesn’t care." 
Ethan clicked his tongue when he heard that. "You know he cares, but he is dealing with something within himself, be patient with him." 
"I don’t know," Hanna replied in a whispery tone. "I don’t think he wants me anymore." 
"Don’t be ridiculous." Ethan leaned over and talked to her in a low voice, so only Hanna could hear him. "He will not go crazy and kill those two guards if he doesn’t care about you," he said in a decisive tone and then proceeded to spill the beans about what Will had asked them to do for her. "See? I told you, right? He cares about you." 
"Don’t give me bullshit," Hanna grumbled, she hugged her knees before she rested her chin on top of them. 
"I know you know how much he cares about you." 
"But, apparently he does not care enough to talk to me." 
"In that case, I can say he is not talking with anyone else either." 
Hanna turned her head and glared sharply because Ethan kept disagreeing with her. The Gamma raised both of his hands in a surrender gesture. 
However, before they could continue with the argumentation, from afar, they could hear a commotion as someone barked loudly. 
"MONSTER ATTACK!" 
Both Ethan and Hanna immediately rose to their feet, ready for the attack. This would be the third attack during their journey, but this time, the sounds from the distance were so loud as vicious growls immediately filled the air. 
From where they were standing, they could see trees fall to the ground, most likely because the monsters were knocking them over. 
"What kind of monsters are these?" Ethan frowned and then shifted into his beast with Hanna in tow. 
=========================== 
Everything happened so fast and Iris didn’t have time to discern what situation she was in when she found herself being dragged into one of the rooms before her body was thrown onto a bed. 
Iris immediately scrambled off of the bed trying to get away, but her captor caught her ankle and dragged her back, as he flipped her body to face him. 
Only then, Iris realized it was Alpha Gill who had caught her. 
"What are you doing?!" Iris screamed, but Alpha Gill used his hand to cover her mouth while his other hand pinned both of her arms above her head. 
Having her mouth and nose covered with his hand, Iris was having a hard time breathing, especially when fear started to creep in and panic overwhelmed her. She tried to fight back, but this alpha easily subdued her movements, by sitting on top of her. 
"Ck, ck, ck... you are so feisty. I remember you as a timid little girl," Alpha Gill said in a whispery and disgusting voice, as he licked her neck. "You taste so fine..." 
Tears streamed down her face when she felt his breath against her skin. She was scared and angry because she was in this position. 
She wanted to kill him! 
She wanted to kill these people, who wouldn’t hesitate to take advantage of her at every possible chance! She wanted to get rid of them! 
"Heavens... you smell so good." Alpha Gill nibbled on her neck and tore her dress with his teeth. He hummed in delight and started to move his hips, so Iris could feel how hard he was right now. "Can you feel that? Yes, I am sure you can feel it... are you excited about what I am going to do to your body?" 
Iris closed her eyes, she could feel his lips slip down to her collarbone and she loathed him. She loathed herself. She loathed this situation. 
Why didn’t these people die?! Why were they alive in the first place?! 
Iris wanted to scream at the top of her lungs, or push him away from her, but she couldn’t. Instead, she could feel her consciousness start to drift away because she couldn’t breathe, once she gave up, she would be done for... 
Right before Iris lost her consciousness, she felt the hand covering her face being lifted. Apparently, Alpha Gill couldn’t tear her dress easily and this annoyed him. 
However, Iris was so weak, her vision was blurry. She saw black dots when she lifted her head to stare at the ceiling, while Alpha Gill ripped her dress apart, leaving her only in her undergarments. 
"Damn... damn... I should have done this years ago when no one even touched you." Alpha Gill fondled her breast, as he smacked his lips and grinded his hardness against her. "Fuck... you are so soft. I was so close to taking you half a year ago. I don’t think Cane will mind it if I continued what I should have done before."
Alpha Gill buried his nose in the crook of her neck and licked her collarbone. 
"Don’t worry, I will please you in a way you have never imagined experiencing before," he whispered against her skin. He was elated to finally have this young girl in his bed. All the Alphas were used to sharing their woman, in his sick opinion, Cane wouldn’t be any different. He would let him fuck any woman he wanted later, even his own mate, or his own daughters. 
But, right now, he only wanted to satisfy his own needs with Iris, it had been long overdue. 
Alpha Gill managed to rip her top and now he was trying to remove her dress completely, as he couldn’t wait to bury himself inside of her. 
"What is it? You like it when I touch you here?" Alpha Gill slid his hand into her undergarment and started to rub her bud, as he lowered his head again and kissed her chest. 
Meanwhile, Iris tried hard to gather her mind, she fought back the intrusive thoughts of biting her tongue and killing herself right there and then. 
With this immoral creature on top of her, trying to extract pleasure from her body, she knew even her death wouldn’t stop him. 
He would fuck her corpse, if he had to do that in order to get his lecherous desires fulfilled.
###Chapter 366: PREDICAMENT (3)
Chapter 366: PREDICAMENT (3)
Iris bit her lips until she could feel her blood in her mouth, tears rolled down her eyes, as she tried to reach for something in the side pocket of her dress, which now gathered around her waist. 
Alpha Gill wasn’t paying close attention to her, as he was busy enjoying whatever he could do at this moment to satisfy his own needs. 
Iris fought the waves of disgust and hatred feelings she was going through right now. She hated the feeling of his hands on her and how he touched her. It brought back more memories of when Kellan assaulted her when she was a child. 
The images that flashed before her eyes were so vivid, the touch from Alpha Gill and what he was doing to her, overlapped with the images of what Kellan had done to her. Everything came crashing down on her at the same time, rendering her petrified. 
Her hand stopped moving to find the dagger that Cane gave to her, her mind froze, caging her in her own fears and trapping her in her trauma, as the same thing was happening to her again, right now. 
She should fight, but she couldn’t move a finger. She should scream asking for help, but she lost the ability to do so as well. 
Her brain was entrapped in the darkest memory of her life, which she tried to forget and her mind was her enemy right now. 
Cane... 
She kept calling that name to keep herself sane, yet, even so, it was so hard for her to stop the stream of thoughts, flooding her senses, from dragging her down. 
Iris stared at the ceiling, trying to move her body, as she breathed erratically. Though Alpha Gill was no longer covering her mouth and nose and she was supposed to be able to breathe freely, she still felt like she was being strangled. 
Cane... 
Iris tried to ward off image after image of Kellan. Her memories returned in such a time, where she really didn’t need it. 
And when she thought she would be done for, Iris saw a wisp, which gradually took the shape of a wolf... a dark grey wolf. The wolf was akin to a puff of smoke and it descended down on her, close enough for Iris to touch it if she could lift her hand. 
For a moment, she was distracted by the sight. What was this? Could other people see it? But then, she felt this ominous feeling, where she felt a sudden rage within her, like a storm that hit you so hard. 
Iris hated the sight of the grey wolf somehow and eventually lifted her hand to strangle the dark grey smoke, which had the form of a wolf. She tightened her grip and the smoke evaporated. 
And at the same time, Alpha Gill let out a shriek, so loud, it rang throughout the walls. The sound was akin to a goat being butchered. 
He clutched his chest tightly and rolled his body to the side. Curling over in pain. 
Once Alpha Gill got off of her body and Iris could move easily, she immediately grabbed the silver dagger from the crumpled mess of her dress and stabbed the Alpha on his shoulder several times. 
"DIE! DIE! DIE!" Iris screamed, as if she was possessed. "GO DIE!" 
Because of the commotion and the constant screams from inside the room, Redmond, who was looking for Iris, because he couldn’t find her in her bedroom, immediately approached this room. He wouldn’t be mistaken, it must be her voice. 
And the sight before his eyes was something he had never thought he would ever see. He was petrified to see her right now. 
Just less than an hour ago, Iris was that bashful woman, who was scared to ride a warhorse on her own, but right now, she basked in blood with a silver dagger in her hand and a murderous intention so strong in her dark blue eyes. 
She glared viciously at Redmond, as if he was interrupting something important she was doing and out of instinct, he took a step back out of fear... 
"I- Iris...?" He was not sure this was the same person he had known until now, such a ferocious sight... would it be really her? 
Somewhere, miles away from this pack, across the sea, in a certain hall, the light around the five swords dimmed... 
============================== 
The monster attack lasted for six hours and took the lives of a dozen warriors from the Red Claw pack and the royal warriors. 
Thankfully, the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack managed to survive the attack and none of them lost their lives. 
"Let me see," Will said curtly upon seeing the wound on Hanna’s arm, he made her sit down on a huge rock, so he could check how deep her wound was. He was worried the monster that had attacked her was poisonous. 
Hanna got hurt when Will wasn’t paying close attention to her, since he had to fight a troll by himself. 
"No need, it will heal eventually," Hanna said gloomily, as she retracted her hand from his grip, but Will grabbed her wrist back and pulled her sleeve up to check on her. "I told you, there is no need for you to care!" Hanna raised her voice slightly. 
Yet, Will didn’t budge, he held her hand firmly, not letting her go, even when Hanna glared daggers at him. 
"That’s all it takes for you to talk to me? Should I bleed first for you to deign me with your presence, or should I be dying for you to finally look at me?" Hanna poured out her grievances through her gritted teeth, she kept trying to pull her hand away from him, but he was way stronger than her. 
Meanwhile, all the warriors around them immediately moved away to give the two of them some personal space. They didn’t want to be caught in the crossfire. Hanna could be very scary when she was angry and Will really needed to get scolded for his behavior and the way he treated her. 
"I will get something to stop the bleeding." Will ignored Hanna’s sarcastic words, as he stood up, about to leave, but Hanna grabbed his hand and used all of her strength to make him turn around and face her. 
"If you want to avoid me, keep avoiding me! Your actions leave me confused! I don’t understand what’s going on with you, but if you don’t care about me, stay away from me!" 
After saying that, Hanna left Will alone, as the man stared at her back and for the first time, he felt something. He felt the pain upon seeing how much he had hurt her. 
========================= 
"What happened?" Cane asked darkly when he saw Redmond waiting for him in front of a certain bedroom. 
Jace couldn’t explain the situation in detail because he was also clueless. The Beta only told Cane something bad had happened to Iris and the Alpha rushed here, disregarding the other alphas. 
"You need to do something," Redmond said quickly, as he opened the door to let Cane see what actually happened to Iris. 
And the sight before Cane’s eyes made his heart lurch, he stopped in his tracks upon seeing the gruesome scene in this room.
###Chapter 367: ANOTHER SIDE OF IRIS
Chapter 367: ANOTHER SIDE OF IRIS
Cane felt this uncomfortable feeling when he was talking to Alpha James from the Bloody Wolf pack. The other three alphas had arrived and they only needed to wait for Alpha Andrian from the Diandem pack. 
However, Cane couldn’t concentrate on their conversation, though there was nothing important about it, since Alpha James only talked about how many women he had bedded during his journey here. 
Most of the time, Cane couldn’t understand why these nasty people could become the leaders of a lot of people when they acted as nothing more than animals. They didn’t even have a shred of sense of leadership whatsoever, nor the compassion that was needed. 
As the uncomfortable feeling wormed into his heart grew more unsettling, Cane cut short his conversation and went away to find Iris only to hear something had happened to her. 
And right now, the woman before his eyes was completely different from the timid woman he had known for more than half a year. She looked feral. Blood stained her hand that was holding the white dagger he had given her. More blood was on her face and the front of her dress. 
Her beautiful blue eyes were dim, filled with murderous intention, as she glared at Cane with such coldness he didn’t think she was capable of mustering. 
Cane was stunned for a moment, but then he approached her slowly. "Iris?" He called her name, but there was no reaction whatsoever from her, instead her grip on the dagger in her hand tightened when she saw Cane come closer. 
Cane stopped in his tracks, as he could see how Iris turned defensive when he tried to approach her. "What happened to her?" He turned his head to look at Redmond, who looked mortified. 
"Alpha Gill..." Redmond felt uncomfortable explaining the situation, because he didn’t want to picture Iris in such a situation. He didn’t want to explain to Cane that his mate had been touched by someone else. He was not sure how Cane would react, there was a chance the Alpha would discard his luna. 
Men could have as many women as they wanted, but once a woman was touched without her man’s permission, they were deemed to be punished no matter what the situation they were in. 
That was how Redmond perceived this situation as, since that was the mentality and way of thinking he grew up with, more so, that was how Alpha Gerald treated the women around him. Also one of the reasons why he killed his mate when he found out prince Kellan slept with her. 
However, a single dagger look from Cane was enough to make him blurt out the truth; what he had seen when he entered the room. 
Iris looked scary at this moment, but this alpha was even scarier... Redmond almost thought he was facing the lycan instead. 
"When I entered the room, I saw Iris stabbing Alpha Gill and she was..." Redmond grimaced when he glanced at Iris. She had her auburn hair covering her naked upper body, while her dress crumpled around her waist, as she was still sitting down in the same position with a dagger in her hand. "... she was like that, she..." Redmond trailed off. 
He didn’t need to explain further about what happened, because someone like Cane would be able to put two and two together easily. It didn’t take a genius to know what Iris had gone through. 
"Alpha... I am sure she is innocent in this case, it is..." Redmond tried to defend Iris, but Cane cut him off. 
"Did he die?" 
Redmond blinked his eyes when he heard the question. "Pardon?" But, a second later he realized who he meant by ’he’. "No. Alpha Gill is still alive, I secured him in the next room, he wouldn’t be able to do anything. His condition..." Redmond didn’t know how to explain how Alpha Gill was right now in words. ".... His condition is a little bit weird." 
"Hm." Cane couldn’t care less about Alpha Gill’s condition, he could die for all he cared, but if he had not yet died, he would make sure he would. 
Right now, his focus was on his mate.
On the other hand, Jace was shocked to see Iris right now, she looked... terrifying! Was this the same woman? Once he overcame his shock, he immediately averted his gaze because even though he couldn’t see her naked body, since her long hair covered her nudity, in his mind, she wouldn’t appreciate it if he stared at her in such a vulnerable situation. 
Jace did the same thing as when he caught Iris and Cane inside the library. 
Meanwhile, Cane started to approach his mate, but Jace held his arm back. "Cane, I don’t think it is a good idea for you to go closer to her." 
Yet, Cane shook his hand away, not seeming to heed his beta’s warning, which left Jace speechless, while Redmond wanted to know what Cane would do to make Iris snap back to reality, or... what he would do to her. 
Cane approached Iris calmly. He didn’t even seem on alert when Iris raised the dagger, pointing it at him. From the looks of it, Iris was in a complete defensive state, she didn’t even recognize Cane. 
Earlier, Redmond was almost stabbed by her if it was not for his good reflexes when he dragged Alpha Gill away from her. 
Redmond was not sure what Cane’s plan was, but he didn’t think killing the Alpha of the Riverside pack would be in line with his plan. The death of Alpha Gill might even jeopardize it. Moreover, Iris had gotten herself involved too deep with Cane, thus if the Alpha went down, Iris would be dragged down with him as well. 
"Iris," Cane called her name again, but he didn’t back away when Iris lowered her body, ready to pounce on him. In a way, he had taught her how to use her dagger when they spent their time inside the forest. 
But, Cane didn’t even flinch when he got on the bed and made it dip slightly from his weight, which put Iris on high alert and she started to grit her teeth. Cane could hear the way she grinded her molars. 
And when Cane didn’t back down, Iris swung her arm in a vertical motion to stab him in his shoulder. 
There was enough time for Cane to dodge the attack, but he didn’t do it, instead, he waited for her to react and took the blow when he was close enough to her. He gritted his teeth when the dagger pierced into his flesh and nestled in his shoulder. 
Blood oozed out from the wound, it splashed on Iris’ face as well, adding more blood to her hands. 
However, when Iris was about to pull the dagger out, Cane used his right hand to hold hers firmly, so the dagger couldn’t be pulled out. The blade sunk deeper into his flesh and the pain would be unimaginable, especially when Iris tried to move it, yet Cane was unfazed in the face of pain. 
He could take out the dagger by force, but there was a possibility Iris would get hurt. This was the safest way for her.
###Chapter 368: ANOTHER SIDE OF IRIS (2)
Chapter 368: ANOTHER SIDE OF IRIS (2)
Redmond was stunned to see how Cane took the dagger calmly. As a warrior, he knew the Alpha could avoid getting stabbed easily, but he didn’t dodge it. Hell! He didn’t even try. He used such an extreme way to get the dagger out of Iris’ hand. 
Once Cane could pry Iris’ hand away from the handle, he put some distance between them, to make sure she wouldn’t be able to snatch it back, only then Cane pulled out the dagger and threw it away, as more fresh blood burst out from his wound. 
The way Cane took out the dagger recklessly, only aggravated the wound. Knowing what happened to the Alpha, Redmond shouldn’t be surprised how well he could endure the pain, but he still was. 
Redmond was stupefied, until Jace elbowed him to get his attention. 
"Where is Alpha Gill?" Jace asked. He used this reason to give some space for Cane and Iris. He didn’t need to know how the Alpha would take control of the situation, as he knew he wouldn’t handle it poorly. "Take me to him first." 
And without waiting for Redmond’s answer, the Beta immediately dragged him away and closed the door behind him. 
Inside the room, once it was only the two of them, Cane stared into Iris’ eyes deeply and then took off his cloak, so he could cover her body. 
Yet, Iris didn’t even care about her current state, as she slapped Cane so hard, her nails grazed his cheek. Blood streamed down from his cheek. Even so, Cane didn’t do anything, nor did he look angry at his mate. 
"Iris, it’s me." Cane didn’t make any move, since he didn’t want to upset her further. It seemed, her mind was elsewhere. She saw everything as a danger she had to protect herself from. It was almost like an instinct and all Cane could do was to pull her back to reality. 
However, it was not an easy task to accomplish. 
"Iris." Cane made sure Iris could read his lips, but it was a futile attempt when she had shut down mentally. 
Another slap landed on Cane’s cheek, but this time, he caught her hand and held it firmly, but Iris used her other hand to slap him again and Cane did the same. 
He could dodge those slaps, yet he didn’t do it, same as when he accepted her stabbing him with the dagger. Some part of him had this thought that he deserved the pain. 
If Iris was in her right mind and she wanted to hit him, he would accept it too. He would let her do whatever she wanted with him. 
Iris might think he had forgotten about what he had done to her, whether when he deflowered her cruelly or when they were in the library, or how he had mistreated her all this time, whether he did it intentionally or unintentionally. No. He didn’t forget a single thing of what he had done to her. He remembered everything. 
Every. Single. Thing. 
She didn’t deserve any of that. She didn’t deserve him. She deserved someone better. For all she had done for his pack, whether it was when they were in the slavery or after that, even if Cane had to give his life to repay her, the debt would remain unpaid... 
He apologized to her once when he learned what Prince Kellan had done to her, but he knew such a lame apology wouldn’t even graze the extent of his misdoings. 
"Arrgh!!!" Iris screamed, she thrashed her body violently and tried to free herself from Cane’s grip, but he held her too tight and it was impossible for her to breakfree with her own strength. "AARGGH!!!" 
Iris let out a shrill scream that could be heard in the next room. Redmond looked worried, but Jace convinced him to stay put and let the Alpha handle the situation. 
"Iris," Cane called her name again, but Iris only became more hysterical. She tried to kick him this time, her blue eyes looked so wild, like a wounded animal. "Iris." Cane squeezed her hand to get her attention, but she refused to look at him. 
She didn’t recognize him and that thought dreaded him somehow. 
Would it be only temporary, or would she end up spiraling out of control even more... just like Venna. 
"Iris, please, come back to me." Cane’s voice was like a whisper. He knew she wouldn’t be able to hear him, but he still said it solemnly, as if it was a prayer. "Come back to me." 
And this time, Iris bit him so hard on his left wrist, since she couldn’t free either of her hands from his grip. Still, Cane didn’t budge. He let her vent out her feelings, if this could ease her pain. 
It was Alpha Gill, who had made her like this, but in some way, Cane treated this as a punishment for himself, for him to ease his guilt. 
The wound on his shoulder had not yet stopped bleeding because Iris used a silver dagger to stab him and it would need a long time to heal completely, but the scratches on his cheek had long disappeared, leaving only traces of blood on his skin. 
Iris cried, as she bit down his wrist so hard, her teeth pierced his flesh, which made her able to taste the metallic taste on her tongue. 
Cane loosened his grip on her hand when she stopped thrashing her body and then released her when she finally stopped biting him. Iris blinked her eyes, as tears streamed down her face. Her whole body was trembling. She stared at Cane, but it was not clear whether she saw him or someone else. Her gaze looked so distant. 
Cane took his cloak and draped it around her shoulders carefully, so she wouldn’t be alerted by their closeness. He moved carefully around her when he saw she didn’t retaliate against his approach. 
He tried to wipe off the blood from her cheeks and chest, but some blood had already dried on her skin and hair. 
Meanwhile, Iris flinched with his every touch, but she didn’t shy away from him. She stared at her hands in silence for a long time and Cane didn’t want to interrupt her thoughts, as he stayed there with her without saying anything. 
And after a long period of silence, Iris lifted her head to look at him and then showed her hand that was still covered with blood, as she spoke in a small voice. 
"Blood," she said. 
"We need to clean you up to get rid of the blood. Let’s go back to our room, okay?" Cane spoke in a coaxing tone, as he tightened his cloak around her body. 
Iris stared at him for some time before she nodded. 
Seeing the consent she gave her, Cane gathered her in his arms and carried her out of that bloody room with her body wrapped tightly in his cloak. Iris buried her face in the crook of his shoulder.
She had stopped crying, but there was something inside of her that had shifted. Something had died inside of her. 
Iris opened her eyes, as Cane walked away, she stared at the room, where Alpha Gill had assaulted her, coldly and then spoke languidly. "My dagger..."
###Chapter 369: KISSES
Chapter 369: KISSES
"My dagger..." Iris muttered. She stared at the door and stretched out her hand. "My dagger..." 
Cane nuzzled into her hair with his nose, as he spoke to her gently. "I will get it for you. The dagger needs to be cleaned first." 
Iris absolutely missed Cane’s answer, but she didn’t say anything anymore and closed her eyes. Probably she only mentioned it thoughtlessly. 
Cane took Iris to their bedroom and went straight to the bathroom, as he made her sit on the side of the tub and ran the water. 
While waiting for the tub to be filled, Cane helped Iris to take off his cloak from her body, but Iris resisted and he needed to coax her. She was no longer crying, but her eyes looked so empty, as if there was no life inside of her anymore and somehow the sight left him feeling unsettled. 
"We need to clean the blood from your body." Cane knelt down in front of her, as he held both of her hands, he squeezed them gently, to get her attention. "We need to take off the cloak and dress, okay?"
Iris shook her head, but Cane was extremely patient with her. He waited until she was less tense and stopped running the water when the tub was filled to the brim. 
"Let’s take a bath, okay?" Cane stretched out his hand and caressed her cheek lightly. Iris flinched and he stopped his movement. "Do you want me to call a maidservant to help you?" 
In response, Iris held his hand tightly, as if she was afraid Cane would go after saying that. She shook her head slowly, but then, after some time, Iris took off the cloak on her own. She gritted her teeth, holding herself back from crying. Her eyes were so red, but there were no tears. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t do anything, he only added more Flame Stones to the water, so the water would feel warmer. He let her take off the dress on her own and before she proceeded to dip her body, he poured a bucket of warm water over her form to get rid of some of the blood from her skin and hair. 
Iris lowered her head and stared at her bare feet, she said nothing and didn’t make any noise, only occasionally flinching when Cane touched her, but she didn’t back away. She let him take care of her. It was a sign of how much trust she put in him when she was in such a vulnerable state. 
More so, this was not the first time Cane took care of her when she was not capable of tending to herself, as a lot of things had happened to Iris and she had gone through so much within the past couple of months. 
Once the blood had been washed off, Iris went to dip herself in the water and rested her head on the side of the tub, as Cane washed her hair. 
Iris raised her hand and stared blankly at her fingers. 
"I stabbed him..." Iris said absentmindedly. "His blood splashed onto me... there was a lot of blood... he looked in so much pain... but, I don’t feel sorry for him..." Iris shook her head, she kept mumbling some more. 
Meanwhile, Cane didn’t utter a single word, as he washed her long and thick hair, making sure there was no more blood on her, while listening to what she said. 
In this moment, it was not necessary for Iris to get any words back from Cane because that was not what she needed, she only wanted to vent what was in her mind, because everything jumbled up inside her. 
She mumbled about what Alpha Gill had done to her and how she felt weird for not feeling sorry for stabbing him to the moment when Mason tortured her and hurt her, she also talked about Prince Kellan. 
At this point, Iris looked more like she was talking to herself, trying to understand the situation and discerning it by talking about it and Cane continued to listen to her attentively. There were a few questions he wanted to ask, yet he knew very well, she didn’t need any interruption, this was not the right time for questions. 
Once Iris was cleaned, Cane dried her body and helped her put on a clean dress. He sat her down on the edge of the bed and dried her hair, so she could rest and not fall sick because of her wet hair, that was the last thing they needed. 
BY the time everything was done and Iris finally laid down, the party had started. From afar, Cane could hear the sounds of music and boisterous laughter, as those alphas indulged themselves in the arms of their women, or between their legs. 
However, it was so still and silent in this room, as Cane coaxed Iris to sleep. He needed to make sure she slept first before he took care of Alpha Gill and the other four alphas. 
"Sleep," Cane said gently, as he cradled Iris in his arms and caressed her back absentmindedly in soothing circles. 
Iris lifted her head and looked at Cane, her blue eyes were still the same, they were not as lively as before. It would take some time for Iris to be back to her usual self, or probably... she would never revert back. 
"He kissed me here..." Iris said with a small and trembling voice, as she pointed her forefinger at her lips, she gritted her teeth, holding back her tears and emotions. 
Hearing that, Cane was still for a moment, but then he leaned over and covered her lips with his. It was not really a kiss, as it only lasted for five seconds before he pulled away and looked at her, gauging her reaction, worried his action would set her off. 
But, Iris didn’t seem to be bothered with that brief kiss from him. 
"Where else did he kiss you?" Cane asked when she stared at him. 
"Here..." Iris pointed to her cheeks and he kissed them. 
"Where else?" 
Iris pointed at her neck, her shoulders, her ears and Cane kissed them all gently. His eyes slightly darkened when she pointed at his mark on the soft spot of her neck, he kissed her a little bit longer there. 
But, when Iris pointed to her chest, she stopped Cane from kissing her there. 
"I want a hug..." Iris said and that was what she got. 
Cane held her close to him, hugging her until she fell asleep and her breathing became even, he peppered her forehead and hair with kisses. 
Only when she had fallen asleep did Cane slowly loosen his arms from around her and get off the bed. He tucked her in and kissed her nose. He stared at her for a while before he walked out of the room, where Jace had been waiting for him. 
"The party had started and the Alphas asked for you and Alpha Gill," Jace reported to Cane. "All the royal warriors that were stationed at the borders of every pack territory had arrived half an hour ago. There were two thousand of them." 
"I will see Gill first. Tell someone to lead those royal warriors as per the plan." Cane said darkly. "You stay here and put more of our people around this room. No one should disturb her until everything is done."
###Chapter 370: SHE IS INNOCENT
Chapter 370: SHE IS INNOCENT
Cane entered the room, where they kept Alpha Gill and it was Redmond, who immediately approached him, while the other warriors from the Howling Wolf pack bowed their bodies slightly upon seeing their alpha. This was the first time for them to see him in months. 
Cane had mobilized around a thousand warriors from the Howling Wolf pack to march toward the Riverside pack and they had arrived a few hours ago, but at that time, Cane was taking care of Iris and didn’t want to be disturbed for any reason. 
"What about her? How is she?" Redmond asked, he approached Cane with worry evident in his expression, but he immediately lowered his voice when he felt the murderous intention radiating from the Alpha, as he didn’t answer his question. 
Cane immediately found Alpha Gill, crumpled on the floor with his body tied up with a silver chain to prevent him from shifting into his beast, but there was still one thing that Cane couldn’t understand... Why didn’t Gill shift into his beast when Iris attacked him? 
As alphas, they tolerated silver better than any other shifter, a few stabs from her couldn’t prevent him from shifting, unless he was so weak and if Gill disregarded her status as Cane’s mate and touched her, he wouldn’t have thought twice before killing her in order to protect himself. This part was still unclear. 
But then, Cane couldn’t think too deeply about that matter, because his mind was clouded by anger. He was livid. Rage was not even the right word to describe how he was feeling right now. 
Cane made a beeline toward Alpha Gill, completely ignoring Redmond, as the warriors inside the room stepped back to make a way for him. They averted their eyes from the sight of their alpha, as they could feel the murderous intention emanating from his figure. 
"Alpha Cane... Alpha Cane..." Gill called for him in his weak voice. Redmond was right, there was something wrong with him. He looked extremely weak, albeit they used a silver chain to tie him up and he sustained a few stabs, with the wounds still there, though the blood had stopped, he shouldn’t be this weak, as if he was only a breath away from death. His eyes had turned slightly red, so had his skin, as if he was being burned. 
Maybe it was because of the silver chain? None of the people there were sure about what happened to this alpha.
"Al- alpha Cane... this is a misunderstanding... this is a mis- misunderstanding..." Gill spoke with difficulty, as if it pained him to utter even a single word. "It was her... it was her, who had... she had seduced me..." 
"This bastard!" Redmond rushed forward to kick Alpha Gill on his head, as his body rolled to the side and fresh blood oozed from his split lips. 
Alpha Gill spat out two of his teeth and he started to whimper and shriek again. 
Meanwhile, Cane said nothing, he only stood there silently. He did nothing when Redmond kicked him, nor did he show any response when the warrior did it again when the Alpha insisted on the story of him being seduced by Iris. 
"I have all the women... all be- beautiful woman..." Alpha Gil panted, trying to speak, as Redmond kept kicking him. "Why would I want a r- runt...? I don’t want a r- runt!" 
"Bastard! You are still able to talk!?" Redmond was furious, but more so, he became even more frantic to see there was no reaction whatsoever from Cane. He dreaded this alpha would believe this motherfucker’s words. 
Therefore, once Alpha Gill couldn’t speak anymore and kept vomiting blood along with his teeth, Redmond turned around to talk to Cane. He needed to make sure he wouldn’t buy such a ridiculous story about Iris seducing this lecherous animal! 
"Alpha, there is no way Iris would have done such a thing! You know how na?ve she is! You can say she is almost dumb in that kind of matter! There is no bone inside of her that could make her a seducer! You don’t trust this motherfucker, right?!" Redmond became even more distressed when Cane still didn’t say anything. "Iris is so dumb and na?ve! She is also a scaredy cat! There is no way she will go behind your back to seduce another man in your absence! This motherfucker is just spitting rubbish!" 
Redmond was agitated because there were a dozen Howling Wolf pack warriors inside this room and Cane’s lack of response would give a wrong signal for them. If their alpha didn’t believe in his luna’s innocence, there was no way these warriors would believe her either. 
More so, they barely knew Iris, since she spent her time mostly with Cane, as she went along with him wherever he went. 
Not to mention Aria’s death still left a bitter taste in their mouths, though they knew the woman was in the wrong. After all, they spent their time with that woman for so long and during their slavery time, their bonds with each other only deepened and they saw each other as family. 
They were bound to each other by their dark past, almost all the members of the Howling Wolf pack did feel that way. 
"Alpha! Iris is innocent!" Redmond shouted in frustration. He tried to convince Cane, but actually, he tried to convince those warriors more, therefore, it made him feel distraught to see how they started to judge the situation. 
Damn it, Cane! Why won’t you say something! Can’t you see how your men started to buy this jerk’s words?! 
"Why did you stop?" Cane finally spoke and this caught Redmond off guard. 
"Pardon?" Redmond was a little bit lost when he was given the question. He blinked his eyes in confusion. 
"Why did you stop?" Cane repeated the question. 
It was not that Cane had a lack of response, but he was thinking about another matter. Things had escalated to this point, thus he needed to adjust his plan accordingly. He took his time because Redmond was torturing Gill, but then... why did he stop? 
"He will die if I keep kicking him." Redmond was still in confusion when he answered the question, thus he simply blurted out what was in his mind. 
If Alpha Gill died, things would be out of control, but as long as he was alive, Cane could do something about this situation, such as; threatening the Alpha, or formulating a bargain that would benefit them. 
More so, killing an alpha would only leave them in a precarious position. It was not as easy as thinking about it and the consequences would be so great compared to killing Prince Vemion, since no one would know it was Cane, who had done it. 
However, Cane had a different view... he always did. 
Once he heard the answer from Redmond, he walked forward and knelt down beside Alpha Gill, who was whimpering pitifully, because he was in so much pain. 
"Al- alpha Cane, pl- please... I am in- innocent..." Alpha Gill said with a trembling voice, thinking Cane would spare his life. 
But then, the next thing Cane did was to rip his mouth apart. Very slowly, so Alpha Gill could feel his cheeks being torn apart inch by inch.
###Chapter 371: THE ALPHA’S MOVE
Chapter 371: THE ALPHA’S MOVE
Cane approached Alpha Gill, he knelt down beside him and then stretched out his hands. He stuffed his fingers into his mouth, as he gripped both his upper jaw and lower jaw firmly before he started pulling his mouth apart very slowly, until the poor alpha let out a gagging sound. 
Once Alpha Gill realized what Cane was about to do to him, he let out a shrill scream as he felt his mouth being ripped apart. His eyes bulged, as they filled with dread, but soon, his screams turned into a stream of gurgling sounds, because blood blocked his throat, pooling inside his torn mouth. 
Cane really took his time while watching him writhe in agony, he even stopped intermittently to let his cheeks heal for a bit, before he continued. His eyes were so cold, as if the horrendous scene before him was nothing. There was no emotion whatsoever on his face. There was no joy, nor anger, but this kind of blank face only made him look even scarier. 
Meanwhile, all the warriors had turned their heads away collectively, averting their gazes from the brutal scene, while Redmond watched everything with his jaw dropped. Cane was going to kill Alpha Gill!? 
Was it alright to kill Alpha Gill? Was it wise to kill him?! Wouldn’t he be digging his own grave?! What was his reason to kill him?! What would he say to the King and the pack members of the Riverside pack after he killed their alpha?! Would he take the same path as what the Blue Moon pack did to the Howling Wolf pack?! 
Redmond couldn’t understand Cane’s intention and plan. He just arrived a few days ago and aside from following the order to keep his eyes on Iris, which he did gladly, he was only tasked to do some trivial things, there was nothing important that could make him able to figure out Cane’s grand plan. 
What happened to Alpha Gill lasted for, more or less, an hour, where all that time, the Alpha was still alive, until Cane really tore his head apart. His head split into two, where his lower jaw and lip were still attached to his neck and the rest of his head was thrown across the room by Cane. 
That one hour was hell for Alpha Gill before he breathed his last in such a gruesome state. Cane finally stood up, Alpha Gill’s blood dripped from his front and from his hands, some found way onto his face, which he wiped off with disgust. 
All of the warriors lowered their heads solemnly, as if they were praying it wouldn’t be them next, so did Redmond. A lot of memories flashed in his mind where he taunted the Alpha and provoked him a few times in the past. Now, after seeing what happened to Alpha Gill, somehow, he felt grateful to still have his head attached to his body. 
With Cane’s brain and his viciousness, Redmond knew, if this alpha wanted him dead, he would have lost his head without him even knowing it. Or worse, he would have walked straight into his trap blindly. 
After Cane was done with Alpha Gill, he walked toward Redmond and before the warrior could react, Cane had his hand wrapped around his neck and slammed him to the ground, as Redmond landed next to the headless Alpha Gill, his back drenched with his blood. 
For a split second, Redmond thought Cane would attack him again and out of instinct, he immediately went into a defensive stance, but as it turned out, the Alpha only stared at him coldly, as if hell could be frozen by a single look from him. The sight made the warrior shudder, as he knew he wouldn’t stand a chance winning if Cane really attacked him. 
As a shifter, most of the time, one could sense if their opponent was way stronger than themselves and more dominant, that was how they distinguished an alpha in a crowd, especially a trained warrior like Redmond. 
For a few moments, the atmosphere remained very still, as though the time stopped ticking. 
"That’s what you will do if something like this happens to my mate again," Cane finally spoke, his voice was even, but it sounded so dark and murderous. "But then, your corpse will be laid next to them." 
In other words, Redmond would be killed along with whoever touched his mate inappropriately, as Cane wouldn’t tolerate his failure in protecting Iris again. 
Something like this shouldn’t have happened in the first place if Redmond did his job right. 
"Understood?" 
"Un- understood," Redmond said with a shaky voice, he lowered his head, because Cane looked so feral and vicious right now, he didn’t want to provoke this alpha. 
True to his word, there was a high possibility he would end up like Alpha Gill. 
"Put his head on a spike and his body on the wall of the fortress." Cane meant for everyone to see what kind of fate Alpha Gill had. 
Two warriors immediately stepped forward to follow Cane’s orders and the rest followed the Alpha out of the room, so did Redmond. 
While Redmond was still feeling dreadful about the threat and warning Cane gave to him, the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack exchanged looks with each other about how their alpha treated their luna. 
Same as Jace, they wondered how their alpha looked so enraged at what happened to his mate, since in their minds, the only reason Cane kept Iris was because of the Blue Moon pack. However, his reaction was over the top and killing Alpha Gill would jeopardize the whole plan... right? 
They heard what Iris had done for them during their slavery time, but the story about it was somehow hard to believe. They were still rather skeptical about the story, especially since only a few people were there when Hanna told them the truth and as time went by and they didn’t know Iris personally, since she stayed out of the pack most of the time, the story about her good deeds was almost like some folklore. 
The story existed, but no one could prove the truth about the event. 
They were in the state of respecting Iris because of Cane, but if they could, they didn’t want to get involved with her personally.
This was why Redmond was very worried and distraught when Cane didn’t show any response nor reaction to Alpha Gill’s accusation, because these warriors from the Howling Wolf pack would easily believe that nonsense. 
"What will we do now, Alpha?" Oliver asked. He was Beta Jace’s second in command, helping the latter overlook the warriors under him. He had brown eyes and curly, short hair. He was rather lanky for a warrior, but he was so fast. 
"Where are the four alphas and their warriors?" 
"All of them are inside the main hall, enjoying the party. As per your instruction, we have told Sir Elijah to order his warriors to surround the main hall, but he wants to see you first. He made a fuss about informing the King about you mobilising the warriors from the borders without his permission." 
"Where is he?" 
Oliver then led the way to where Sir Elijah was waiting for the Alpha. 
"Alpha Cane!" Elijah immediately approached Cane, fuming, once he saw him. 
Yet, before he could protest, Cane showed the golden stamp to his face.
###Chapter 372: BLOODSHED
Chapter 372: BLOODSHED
Elijah was the leader of the border warriors, these warriors were stationed at every border of the southern pack, but a few days ago, Cane mobilized them to gather in the Riverside pack using his golden stamp. 
Of course, Alpha Gill knew about this, but in his mind, these warriors were gathered in his pack to defend him against the Red Claw pack, since he received news about how Alpha Dristan was marching here with some royal warriors, asking for his responsibility for the death of the fourth prince and also his involvement with the lycan, thinking he had a hand in this matter. 
Who would have thought all of this was actually part of Cane’s plan? However, with the death of Alpha Gill, the plan had changed and what Sir Elijah heard next made his jaw drop. 
"Alpha Cane!" Sir Elijah approached Cane, once he saw the Alpha. He was about to protest, stressing how he was lied to by him. 
Because of the golden stamp that Cane held, he could mobilize all the royal warriors as he liked, no questions asked, but what Sir Elijah learned once he arrived was something that made him fume. He was asked to defend the Riverside pack against the Red Claw pack?! His men were trained to avoid conflicts between the packs, not to support one of them. 
But, now he was ordered to surround the other four alphas inside the main hall?! What kind of sick game was Alpha Cane playing at?! Did the King know about this? 
Yet, before a word of protest could slip past his lips, Cane showed him the golden stamp, as if reminding him of how there shouldn’t be any questions to be asked from him. 
"Alpha!" Sir Elijah cried out, but he couldn’t say anything upon seeing how dark Cane’s expression was right now and how he was drenched in blood. Whose blood was that? 
"I will only say it once, so listen carefully," Cane said, emphasizing every word slowly, so he could hear him clearly. "You will lead your men to slaughter all the people inside the main hall." 
"What?!" Sir Elijah was taken aback with what Cane ordered him to do, he took a step back. "You can’t do that..." But, after saying that, he corrected himself, remembering the golden stamp in his hand. "We- we need to inform the King!" 
Cane was not happy to hear his command being denied. He glanced at Oliver, who was standing beside him. "Arrest him and put him in the dungeon. You will lead the border warriors." 
"Alpha!" Sir Elijah screamed at the top of his lungs, as he fought Oliver and two more warriors, yet he couldn’t shift into his beast, since he was bound to his duty. It was already wrong of him to question Cane in the first place and he couldn’t afford a second offense. "You are going to kill the four alphas from the southern packs! How will you explain this to the King?!" 
No. It was not four, but all five of them, leaving Cane as the only alpha in the south. 
"Alpha! You can’t abuse the golden stamp! Alpha Cane, the King will not be pleased with your decision! Alpha!" Sir Elijah was furious when Oliver forced down a leaf of Rottingbane, which could make him unable to shift into his beast, something that you would give to slaves, down his throat. 
After that, the two warriors dragged Sir Elijah to the dungeon, while Oliver did what Cane ordered him to do. 
On the other hand, those border warriors couldn’t do anything when they watched their leader being dragged away. Even Sir Elijah couldn’t do anything with the golden stamp in the picture, much less them... 
With the sudden change of the plan, that night turned bloody. The party had turned into a massacre, where the four alphas of the southern packs had to succumb to their horrendous fate, something they never thought would befall on them when they marched toward the Riverside pack with their women. 
Their warriors had the same fate as them, while the women were spared and now they were gathered inside one room, trembling in fear and crying after watching the annihilation of their alphas and masters. 
And when the sun rose the next day, there were five heads hanging on the fortress’ wall. 
People were shocked and the rumors about what happened started to circulate among the members of the Riverside pack. Eventually, this news would reach the other four packs, as they also lost their leaders within a night. 
However, during those events of bloodshed, a certain woman slept through the entire night peacefully. She was clueless as to what kind of fate her assaulter had to face. 
Yet, her peace didn’t last for long because once she opened her eyes, all the dreadful things she had gone through came in full force slamming her mind, akin to a broken dam. It was overwhelming, as she had to deal with a lot of emotions at once, the stream of anger and fear came down crashing on her. 
However, when Iris thought she wouldn’t be able to endure it, she turned numb. She had this out of body experience, as if what happened to her was something that had happened to someone else and she just watched it happening from the sidelines, as if she learned about it from other people. 
Something shifted in her mind and she didn’t feel any emotions. 
Iris was surprised, she blinked her eyes in confusion, but then she tilted her head when she felt someone staring at her. 
It was Cane. He was standing a few steps away from her. There was silence between them before the Alpha approached his luna. 
Cane looked impeccable, there was no trace of blood, nor the disgusting smell of it when he came closer to Iris, despite what had happened out there and the turmoil he had unleashed in the five packs in the south. 
"How was your sleep?" Cane asked Iris, he sat down on the edge of the bed, gauging her reaction with their closeness, but it seemed, it didn’t affect her. 
"I am fine," Iris replied in a small voice. She stared into his eyes and then averted her gaze toward the window. The sky was so bright, it was a beautiful day, despite the horrifying night. "Something... happened?" Iris trailed off. She thought she would dread the topic, but when she brought it up, she felt nothing. 
"Gill is dead... so did all the four alphas." 
Iris was surprised when she read it, but she didn’t look too shocked, as she only frowned her brows slightly, as if she heard something unpleasant. 
"I will send you back to the Howling Wolf pack with Redmond. Stay there for a while, I will clean up this mess first. You will be safe there and Hanna will arrive in a few days." 
Cane wasn’t used to explaining himself. If he was going to send Iris to the Howling Wolf pack, he would only tell her so, but he felt it was necessary for her to know the reason why he wanted to send her away. 
"No." Iris shook her head. "I don’t want to go back." She then added. "I want to see his dead body."
###Chapter 373: SHE WAS SO NUMB
Chapter 373: SHE WAS SO NUMB
The original plan was to make Iris stay with him, until they returned to the capital city, but looking at the current condition coupled with what happened to her, while the plan had changed completely, it would be better for Iris to go back to the Howling Wolf pack first. The journey would only take half a day. She would be fine. 
However, to Cane’s surprise, Iris refused to leave. 
"You want to see his dead body?" Cane asked, to make sure he heard her right. This was the last thing he thought Iris would ask him. 
He saw it with his own eyes how afraid this girl was when he killed Vemion in her presence, she was shocked and couldn’t utter a word. 
But right now, she asked him to take her to see Gill’s dead body? 
"Yes. I want to see him... if he really died." Iris’ voice trailed off, she stared at Cane, but her gaze was so distant, as if she was seeing something else instead. "I don’t want to go back. I want to stay here." 
Cane studied her for a while. He contemplated this weird situation and her strange behavior. He could understand if she spent her waking hours crying and feeling depressed, but instead, she looked like she was numb. 
"Okay." Cane nodded. "But, you need to eat your breakfast first." 
Iris didn’t say anything and with that, Cane asked someone to deliver their breakfast, of which Iris ate only a few spoonfuls before she pushed it away and he needed to coax her to eat some more, but Iris kept shaking her head. 
She didn’t cry, she talked about what happened to her calmly. She didn’t avoid the topic and she remembered everything. 
This was not how Iris used to deal with traumatizing events as far as Cane knew. She was not this calm when she remembered what Kellan had done to her when she was little. She even grazed the topic about Kellan in their conversation, but there was no emotion whatsoever he could see in her. 
She was not in the same mental state as Venna, only the truth was... Iris was rather cold and this made Cane feel even more concerned about her. 
He had never seen this side of hers. 
Meanwhile, in the capital city, the news about the death of the five alphas reached the King through the first flying hawk and a messenger immediately rushed to report it to him. 
Currently, the King was in bed, enjoying a round of rough sex with Nala and lady Cyan when a knock could be heard from outside the door. 
"What the fuck is that?!" King Aeon roared because his morning was interrupted when he was in the middle of the deed. 
Nala’s back was exposed to the King, her smooth skin covered in bruises and cuts, her hair tangled up and there were a few wounds on her arms that started to heal. She fainted a few times during the night, as the King vented out his frustrations of the last few days on her, especially with how everything had happened and how the public favored the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack, they praised him to the moon and even made a song for him. 
It was so rare for an alpha like him to devote himself to one woman, especially when he was willing to go through any danger. He even chased after the cursed lycan to get his woman back. 
And the more people favored Cane, the more King Aeon felt this inexplicable rage. This was what he was worried about. Cane turned his people against him! 
"Important report, My King!" The guard said from behind the door. 
On the other hand, when Lady Cyan got off the bed, she took a cloak to cover her naked body. Compared to Nala, she looked fine. Her skin was as smooth as ever, she looked flawless, since the King didn’t hurt her at all. She took all the pleasure, while Nala took the brunt of all his anger. 
"What is it?" Lady Cyan opened the door and stood there to receive the news. 
Because of the important role Lady Cyan usually played and how the King had always been seen with her openly in the last few weeks, the guard reported it to her instead and handed the envelope, which explained in detail about what happened in the southern pack. 
From inside of the room, the guard could hear the King’s labored breathing and Nala’s whimpering voice. She was in so much pain. 
It didn’t take a genius to know what was going on inside of the room, more so, Nala had been confined inside for more than three weeks. 
Her father had asked to meet with her and the King let Leon watch his daughter being fucked by the King. He was not allowed to avert his eyes. 
And every time he asked to meet with Nala, that was how they would meet, without any words exchanged, with that, Leon stopped making such requests altogether. 
"The five alphas of the southern packs were proven guilty because they collaborated to perform black magic," the guard concluded the contents of the letter. 
"What?!" Lady Cyan widened her eyes, as she gritted her teeth. She opened the letter and read quickly.
The letter was not long, but it said everything they needed to know about how alpha Cane found Vemion’s head in the Riverside pack, his arms in the Crystal Moon pack, his legs in the Bloody Wolf pack, his upper body in the Silver River pack, and his abdomen in the Diandem pack. 
Alpha Cane from the Howling Wolf pack had taken the matter into his hands and delivered the punishment to those alphas for treason. 
The evidence was so loud and clear that those alphas had joined hands to perform black magic and summoned the lycan. The poor fourth prince was the sacrifice for all of it. Thankfully, Luna Iris could be saved, or else, she would end up like prince Vemion. 
"What kind of rubbish is this!?" Lady Cyan gritted her teeth.
###Chapter 374: SHOCKING NEWS IN THE MORNING
Chapter 374: SHOCKING NEWS IN THE MORNING
"What kind of rubbish is this!?" Lady Cyan gritted her teeth, as she squeezed the letter in her hand and closed her eyes to control her emotions, she looked so livid. 
But, before she could get a complete grip of the whole situation, another guard came to report another piece of important information. 
"There is a letter from the Holy Kingdom, My Lady." 
"What? Holy Kingdom? What do they want?" Lady Cyan frowned. She knew the words would get to the Andelus continent eventually when the King decided to make it public about the lycan and black magic, but it shouldn’t be this fast. At the very least, the fastest they would get any reaction from the Holy Kingdom would be three months from now. 
The guard looked hesitant, as if he was about to say something, but he didn’t know where to start. 
"Speak!" Lady Cyan hissed through her gritted teeth. She no longer looked as calm as she used to be and seemed rather terrifying at this moment. 
"It was Prince Alan, who sent the letter to the Holy Kingdom, he explained everything that happened here and asked them for help, to retrieve his position and prove his innocence." 
And how did the guard know about that when it was only Lou and Alan himself, who knew the gist of the letter?
Of course, it was because the merchant leaked the information... so the guard could explain this to the King. 
Without saying a word, Cyan rushed out of the room, barefooted and with only a thin cloak covering her nudity. She couldn’t care less about her appearance right now. She needed to discuss this with her brother and hasten their plan, or else, everything they had worked for would go down the drain. 
All of the reports about what happened in the south were sheer bullshit! She knew damn well there was no black magic whatsoever in the south! Especially at such a huge scale, which involved the five packs. 
With all the alphas executed, it only left Cane alone as the sole alpha from the south and Lady Cyan was not that stupid to not see what the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack was aiming for. 
Cane was so sleek and cunning, she underestimated him. 
Yet, the question was; was everything that happened only a coincidence? Or had it all been planned beforehand? Was it premeditated? And how could anyone involve a lycan? Who had summoned that creature? Was it Cane who had summoned it? He performed black magic? The thought of it was beyond her... 
Cyan couldn’t say for sure about that. 
=========================== 
Inside the carriage, the atmosphere was so still, aside from the sound of hooves thumping, neither Cane nor Iris said anything. They were weirdly silent throughout the journey to the fortress, where the Alpha had ordered them to hang the heads of the five alphas. 
It took two hours to reach the fortress by carriage from the pack house and when the carriage stopped, Cane walked out first before he helped Iris to get down. They did it naturally and everyone who was present there could tell they had done it countless times before. 
Once Iris had steadied herself, she let go of Cane’s hand and walked closer to the fortress, where she could see the five heads on the spikes. 
Iris immediately recognized Gill’s head, despite the head missing its lower jaw. If the other heads had been cut off at their necks, Gill’s head had been ripped off from his mouth. 
"What happened to his mouth?" Iris asked calmly, her eyes glued to the weird remnants of Alpha Gill’s head. She didn’t blink and her blue eyes held no trace of fear at all. She looked so calm as Cane observed her from the side. 
"I ripped his mouth," he replied simply. 
"Was he in pain?" 
"Yes." 
Iris said nothing, she stared at the other four heads, as if the gruesome sight before her was nothing. Her indifference was very concerning. 
Even Redmond, who stood a few meters away from her, found her behavior very weird, as if Iris had turned into someone else. 
There were no tears, she didn’t even avert her gaze, but there was no anger in her stance either. Her lack of emotions made him frown deeply. He thought she would stay inside the bedroom for a few days before they returned to the Howling Wolf pack, because that was the plan Cane had for her, but who would have thought she would ask to come here? 
Redmond didn’t believe that at first, but now, he was unsure what to believe. Iris looked like someone else... 
"He deserved that," Iris said after a long moment of silence, responding to Cane’s confirmation over how Alpha Gill writhed in pain when he died. 
"Yes." 
"And also Kellan, the King, and all the people like them. They deserve the same ending." 
Cane stared at Iris and for the first time, he saw pure hatred in her eyes. Her blue eyes looked so dim, filled with rage and anger he didn’t know she would be capable of harboring. 
Right at the same time, miles away, the light surrounding the five swords dimmed even further. 
"Cane, we have a problem," Jace said, as he interrupted the Alpha and the Luna’s moment, because this matter was so urgent and Cane needed to know about this immediately. 
Iris tilted her head when she saw Jace rush over. 
"Speak," Cane said, but the Beta looked reluctant because Iris was so close and was staring at him now, but when the Alpha didn’t say anything, he didn’t have any other choice, but to report it in Iris’ presence. 
"A woman just arrived in the Howling Wolf pack this morning and she claimed she is pregnant with your child." 
Cane glanced at Iris first, as he caught her expression slightly turning sour. "Who is this woman?" He asked calmly, as if the news didn’t bother him at all, since he was well aware the only women he had been intimate with were Aria and his mate.
###Chapter 375: DROOLING BABY
Chapter 375: DROOLING BABY
If there was a woman who really got pregnant with his child, it would be Iris, because she was the last person he had been intimate with, but both of them knew how highly impossible it was. 
They had not been intimate since Iris went through her first heat and it was months ago, if she was really pregnant, she would be showing by now. 
Because of what happened to him, sex with Cane would always be very rough and raw, as he couldn’t control himself once he got aroused and Aria knew that. If it was not for her advances all the time, Cane and her wouldn’t have had sex as much as they did, since Cane didn’t do it all the time with Iris. 
He was very careful with his mate. Thankfully, whenever he was with her, it was the peace he craved the most from her, not the thought of getting pleasure from her, especially after he learned what she had gone through, there was no way, in his conscience, Cane would want her to revive such trauma. 
"Who is this woman?" Cane asked, as he saw how Iris’ expression turned a little bit sour. Somehow, it made him a little bit relieved, because her calm and collected self was really disturbing. 
Hearing this, Redmond came closer, he was agitated because he heard how Cane had a child with another woman. He didn’t remember when this alpha got time to fool around with another woman, aside from Iris, more so, he was very busy nowadays and he didn’t think he would have time for such a thing. 
But, as it turned out, the Alpha really knew how to make the most of his time. 
Redmond was angry with this thought, as hundreds of possibilities ran through his mind. This child would be a threat for Iris’ position in the Howling Wolf pack. 
He couldn’t believe it, there was a time he admired him, though he wouldn’t admit it, with the way Cane stood up for Iris and killed Alpha Gill for what he had done, despite it changing the entirety of his plan, but from the looks of it, he was no different from any other alphas. He couldn’t control his lust and one woman would never be enough to satisfy him. 
Redmond was seething inside on behalf of Iris. 
"Her name is Sofia. She is from the Moon Dew pack, Alpha Gallot’s mistress." Jace narrowed his eyes at Cane. He didn’t know what to feel about this news. "She is currently six months pregnant. It seems she conceived when you went to the Black Market and stayed in the pack house." Jace glanced at Iris, whose expression had returned to being stoic again. 
Jace was not sure whether to believe it or not. If that woman was really pregnant with Cane’s child, it meant his infertility problem had been solved, but of course, it would bring another trouble for them, since the woman clearly didn’t come with good intentions. She was the mistress of Alpha Gallot after all. This must be premeditated. 
"Kaz had received her and currently, all the pack members have known about this news and they are overjoyed on your behalf," Jace added. 
The way Sofia came with her ladies and guards had caused quite a commotion, especially when she announced it out loud about how she was pregnant with the Alpha’s child. This would be the Alpha’s firstborn. The next in line for the title. 
The news was so refreshing for them, because it brought hope for the pack, since they had been waiting for this kind of news from their luna for months now, yet Iris was still not with a baby in her stomach. 
On the other hand, Redmond seemed to recall something. "Alpha Gallot’s mistress?" He furrowed his brows. 
But, it was Cane, who genuinely confirmed what was in his mind. "Hm. Your child." And after saying that, Cane took Iris’ hand and helped her to get onto the carriage. It was enough for them to see those heads of the alphas. In the end, it was not a good sight to see in the morning. 
Meanwhile, Redmond was dumbfounded. He was speechless and couldn’t think straight, while Jace was stunned. 
"What do you mean?" Jace wanted to ask Cane, but he already got in the carriage with Iris and closed the door, not wanting to be disturbed, thus the Beta directed his question to Redmond instead. "What happened here? What does Cane mean by the baby being yours?" 
Jace didn’t go to the Black Market, thus he was clueless about this detail, after all, this was not an important piece of information that would intervene with their plan, something he didn’t need to know, but who would have thought, Redmond would be na?ve enough to finish inside the woman and not take any precaution, as he assumed the woman would take the Dragonheart tea after their intimate moment. 
"What is it?!" Jace grew frustrated, because Redmond didn’t answer his question. "Hey! Answer me, is that baby yours?" 
However, instead of answering the question, Redmond threw a dagger look at Jace before he stormed off to take a seat on the coachman’s seat. He looked distraught. He was having a child? He was... a father?! 
In his mind, he imagined a little creature that looked like him, drooling and crying... what would become of the child to have him as a father and... whoever that woman was as their mother. 
Meanwhile, inside the carriage, Iris refused to look at Cane, though it was very obvious that the Alpha wanted to say something to her, as he openly stared at his mate, who looked at the fortress from the small window inside the carriage. 
Cane sighed, he leaned over and took her hands, he squeezed them gently to get her attention, but Iris tried to withdraw her hands from his grip, unfortunately for her, in matters of strength, they couldn’t be compared, but it didn’t mean she was not as stubborn as him. 
"Are you angry?" Cane asked, despite Iris not looking his way and this time, she closed her eyes, pretending to be asleep.
###Chapter 376: TALK TO ME
Chapter 376: TALK TO ME
Cane was floored, this was the first time for Iris to blatantly ignore him. She looked very angry as she tried to suppress her feelings, which he understood why. Her misdirected anger. 
Iris was there and she understood what was going on and knew the truth that the baby was absolutely not his. 
"Iris," Cane called her name, clearly knowing she wouldn’t be able to hear it, as he squeezed and tugged her hands to get her attention. 
"Where do you want to go?" Jace asked, he knocked on the carriage door, as he sat down beside Redmond, who looked like he just lost his soul. Fatherhood was absolutely not in his plans in the near future and the Beta couldn’t get anything out of him. 
In his frustration, Jace really wished for Ethan to speed up, so he could get a full story on what was going on! This whole thing was driving him crazy! The way Cane treated Iris and how she was right now and what more hell with a pregnant woman going to their pack and claiming she was having Cane’s baby, while in truth it was Redmond’s?! 
"Pack house," Cane said. 
Jace then took the reins, because Redmond was in no way near taking them anywhere. 
Meanwhile, inside the carriage, it was very quiet, just like their journey to the fortress, but it was not the same silence. The atmosphere felt heavier than before and Iris looked so angry, though she had her eyes closed. 
The Alpha, on the other hand, didn’t try to make her talk to him again as she didn’t want to, but somehow, he felt uncomfortable with this quiet Iris. He was used to listening to what she was thinking and communicating her feelings, thus the silence sounded louder than her cries and screams. 
The whole two hours of their journey back to the pack house, Iris pretended to be asleep, but there must be a point where she fell asleep for real, because her breathing became even and her expression softened slightly, though there was still a furrow between her brows. 
Once the carriage stopped, Cane didn’t immediately wake her up. He ordered Jace to get him all the secret missives he had to read, he also told them to report everything to him through the window of the carriage. Because of Iris’ condition, it wouldn’t be a problem for them to be a little bit noisy. It wouldn’t disturb her sleep. 
From what Cane learned, the rumors had spread in the capital city in the way he wanted and the Holy Kingdom had sent a letter to the King, informing him they were coming to deal with the problem of black magic. 
The current Serafim would come as well along with her Holy Knights. It would take them a month to reach Ogregon Continent through the sea, which meant, probably, they would be here by the end of spring. 
Everything went according to Cane’s plan, though there were a few little hiccups here and there, but overall, his chess pieces moved in the directions he intended them to take. 
Ethan and the people from the Red Claw pack, who were now marching to the Riverside pack, must have heard about the news as well and they would be here in three days. There was a little bit of delay because of the monster attack, thankfully, none of the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack was injured. 
For now, Cane only needed to wait for the right time to make his next move, but while waiting, he must think of a way to deal with the pregnant woman in his pack, as his pack members thought she was carrying his child. 
Cane glanced at the sleeping Iris and moved to sit down next to her, as he cradled her face and let her lean against his chest, putting his hand around her shoulders, while he read another letter. It was from Lou. The merchant said he would be out of the capital city within this week and head toward the Howling Wolf pack. 
Cane narrowed his eyes to read his cursive handwriting and felt irritated to see it. He tossed the letter aside, as he mindlessly drew circles on Iris’ arm and moved onto another letter. 
When the sun almost set and Cane was almost done with all the reports he received and orders he gave to his people to deal with the aftermath of his bold move, Iris finally woke up, she rubbed her sleepy face and yawned. She looked sleepy and seemingly forgot that she was mad at Cane before she fell asleep, for whatever reason she came up with. 
"Hungry?" Cane asked after she looked around her before turning to him. She frowned when she realized they were inside the carriage. 
All the braziers and torches had been lit up and the luminous pearls illuminated every dark corner of the building before them. 
Iris blinked her eyes, frowning and Cane could see how her mind started to get a grip of what was happening, as she started to remember about her anger. Iris glared at him and jumped out of the carriage, ignoring him. 
Cane couldn’t understand why she was so angry, though she knew the truth. Hell, he had never touched that woman and absolutely the baby was not his! 
"Iris!" Cane got off the carriage and held her hand, he pulled her back, so she could face him. He was not used to her silence. He had seen her chatter nonstop, her cries, her frustration and heard her screaming in agony. He was used to hearing what was in her mind, but he couldn’t stand her ignoring him. "What’s wrong?" 
Iris gritted her teeth, she didn’t cry, but her eyes turned so red. She refused to speak. 
Meanwhile, Jace dragged Redmond away, so the two of them would be able to have a private moment to talk about whatever problem they had right now, while the warrior frowned, but he let the Beta take him away. 
If it was Ethan, the gamma would definitely stay... 
"Talk to me," Cane demanded.
###Chapter 377: A TASTE OF FRUSTRATION
Chapter 377: A TASTE OF FRUSTRATION
Cane could concoct a grand plan that could turn this entire continent upside down and render the King useless with the power in his hand, but he couldn’t figure out what was the cause of Iris’ anger, since none of the logical things that he could think of was enough to tick her off. 
Gill had died and it didn’t look like she was dealing with her trauma right now, because Cane could feel the anger was directed at himself. What had he done so wrong to incur her wrath? 
Was it the recent news of the baby? Iris knew very well the baby was not his. It was Redmond’s. 
"Talk to me, why are you angry?" Cane asked her calmly, but his grip was firm, as Iris wouldn’t stop trying to get away from him. If it had been any other day, he would have let her go to cool off on her own, but the Alpha was being a little bit selfish right now. He didn’t want to wait as he demanded an answer from her there and then, an explanation about what bothered her. 
Iris glared at him, because she couldn’t make him loosen his grip and Cane held her dagger look. He didn’t budge. 
"Why are you angry?" Cane asked the same question again, but this time, Iris bit his wrist in her attempt to shake him off. It was clear she didn’t want to speak now, yet Cane wanted the opposite. 
He didn’t like their current tempo. He was not comfortable with what was happening between them. 
This could be considered as their first real fight, where neither of them wanted to back down, being beyond stubborn. 
The Alpha let his mate bite him as she liked, after all, this was not the first time she bit him, though he would prefer the first time... 
Cane stared at her curly, auburn hair, which was slightly messy. Several strands of hair came out of her braids. Though he could feel her teeth sinking deeper into his flesh, he didn’t flinch and actually caressed her head instead, which made Iris lift her head and swat his hand away. 
"Don’t touch me!" Iris screamed in anger. Her emotions were all over the place. She felt like she no longer remembered what she was angry about. She was drowning in a mixture of fear, anger, frustration, panic, cluelessness and everything else... 
It was so hard for her to communicate her feelings, forming the words while being angry was way easier. 
"Don’t touch me! Don’t touch me! Don’t touch me!" Iris snapped, she balled her fists and started to hit Cane. She hit his arms and chest, but he didn’t budge, nor did he let her go, instead, his eyes became sharper and his jaw hardened to see Iris lost it. 
Before his eyes, he could see how Iris became frantic and confused. 
When Cane didn’t show any reaction to her hitting him, she kicked him instead. She tried to kick his leg so hard, but she forgot, the man before her had gone through so much worse than this, he was built differently... 
"Ah!" Iris immediately knelt down when her toe sprained after she kicked his shin. Cane quickly squatted down as well to check on her, only a swift but harsh slap landed on his cheek, which left both of them surprised. 
The pain in her palm snapped her back from her conniption, but the next thing that happened made both of them unable to utter a single word, as Cane kissed her roughly. He put his hand on the back of her head to deepen their kiss. 
They could taste the frustration and desperation from one another... 
============================= 
"Mother, please...! Please! Stop this! Argh!!!" Alan screamed at the top of his lungs, while no one could save him, since it was only him and his mother inside this room. The damned room, in which he had been confined to for weeks! "Mother, please! You are going to kill me, if you keep doing this!" 
Alan felt his heart would burst into a million pieces, as it beat so fast. He was having a hard time breathing. His face turned red. And all of this was the handiwork of Lady Cyan, who looked at him with so much anger in her beautiful eyes. Murderous intention radiated from her when she gritted her teeth. 
If she didn’t have any use for this useless son of hers, she would have killed him a long time ago! She hated children and having a child on her own didn’t change that feeling at all! 
The only thing that kept her from killing Alan was the fact, they needed this useless, spineless creature alive until the time was right. 
"Enough, Cyan," Dexter said, he put his hand on Cyan’s shoulder, trying to calm her down, because she looked like she was going to kill Alan for real this time. 
"How did I give birth to a useless thing like him?! Did I forget to give birth to his brain?!" Cyan gritted her teeth, as she fought the urge to kill him right there and then. 
Thanks to Cane’s scheme, she could appoint his brother as the leader of the royal sorcerers without making a fuss or raising any suspicion, but this son of hers had to go and dig their own graves by actually inviting the Serafim to this continent. 
Lady Cyan put down her hand, she couldn’t kill him, or else, decades of meticulous planning would go down the drain. She was right when she thought stupid people could drag the people around them down to their demise with their stupidity.
But, it was so ironic when the stupid figure was her own child. 
"How long is she?" Lady Cyan closed her eyes to collect herself. 
"The child will be ready by the end of this spring." Dexter went over to check on Alan, who was whimpering pitifully. 
"Mother, how can you not do anything when they talked rubbish about me and stripped me of my status?!" Alan wailed, feeling unfair and this only made lady Cyan boil in anger even more.
###Chapter 378: THEY TRIED TO UNDERSTAND EACH OTHER
Chapter 378: THEY TRIED TO UNDERSTAND EACH OTHER
Alan still couldn’t understand the gravity of the situation or come to terms with the fact he was almost killed by his own mother, since this had happened countless times, but Lady Cyan would never go through until the end. 
"You don’t want to help me get my status back, but I figured out a way to retaliate and clear my name! You should be proud of me!" Alan roared. He had been trying to earn his mother’s recognition for a long time. He wanted to hear her praise him and look at him a little bit warmly, but all he got was a disdainful look in her eyes. "You told me to get close to that bastard merchant! I did exactly what you said!" 
"What in the world made you think you got close to him?" Dexter narrowed his eyes. He could understand the frustration of his sister to have this kind of child. 
"He gave me some advice." 
"What kind of advice?" Lady Cyan opened her eyes and glared at Alan. "How can he give you any advice?" 
Alan was stunned. He was not sure whether it was alright to tell his mother about it, but he couldn’t back away when his mother and this sorcerer had finally put some interest in what he was going to say. 
Therefore, Alan blurted out what actually happened a few nights ago. 
"Appeared inside your room without anyone noticing him?" Dexter tried to confirm what Alan just said. "No one could appear and disappear from this room without the guards noticing him." 
"I swear! I swear he just appeared!" 
"And why didn’t you ask him how he can do that?" 
Alan was silent and both of them knew why. It didn’t cross his mind at all to ask the merchant, because he was too excited by the advice he gave to him and it didn’t take a genius to guess what kind of advice Lou had given to this moron. 
"He gave me good advice! Now we are on better terms with each other! I have done what you wanted me to do and taken care of myself when you and father refused to help! I am innocent! I don’t know anything and have nothing to do with black magic! You should be proud of me!" 
Lady Cyan was so enraged, until she couldn’t utter a single word and her silence was so deafening. 
"We need to talk about our next move," Lady Cyan said to her brother, as she walked out of the room. She was not willing to spend another second in the presence of her son. "We need to let father know about this." 
Without them knowing it, the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack had gotten a hold of the southern part of the kingdom. She thought he was only a nuisance, but as it turned out, he became a threat now, while that lecherous king still wouldn’t lift his face from between Nala’s legs. 
"He will not be happy to hear this," Dexter commented. His eyes dimmed slightly, as he thought about that woman. He had spent months with her and knew her a little bit better... 
============================== 
Jace was dumbstruck when he looked over his shoulder and saw Cane kissing Iris intensely. Both of them were on the ground, while Iris was sitting and Cane was kneeling down in front of her. His body towered over her small one and from the Beta’s point of view he could only see Cane’s back, but there was no mistake the Alpha was kissing his luna right now. 
What. The. Hell. Is. Going. On. With. Them?! 
Jace could understand when Cane didn’t have so much as a reaction when Iris kissed him, because she was drunk, though it was out of character for him to look calm after being kissed. But right now, it was him, who took the initiative to kiss her. Was he drunk? 
From what Jace knew about the Alpha, he despised it when someone kissed him because of what he had gone through. 
Therefore, watching Cane kissing Iris as if it was his second nature had left Jace floored, but he didn’t have time and the timing was not right to ask such a question to the Alpha and now, he witnessed him kissing her?! 
It was not even a simple peck, he was literally kissing her! 
"What are you staring at?" Redmond frowned because Jace stopped dragging him away and glanced toward Cane and Iris. "What is it? They are making out in public now?" 
"What?" Jace turned his head toward Redmond upon hearing his comment, so fast, he thought, he would sprain his neck. "They make out behind closed doors?" 
Redmond looked at Jace, as if his question was very silly. "They are mates, what do you think they are doing behind closed doors?" It was very logical for Redmond to assume that, since he didn’t know Cane very well and it was only common sense for mates to have sex. What made this beta act so surprised over that fact? 
"What do you think they spend their nights doing? Cuddling?" Redmond looked at him funny. He forced himself to stop thinking about fatherhood, because nothing good would come out of such thoughts. 
More so, there was a possibility Cane would plot to kill the woman and the baby, after all, the baby was not his and Redmond wouldn’t be bothered by that, or so he thought... 
"They share the same room? Sleeping in the same bed?!" 
"Yeah. Where else will they sleep, huh?" 
This time, it was Redmond, who dragged the Beta away because he was being too loud. He didn’t want to interrupt Iris and Cane, probably this time, the Alpha could get her pregnant. 
Above them, the sky had turned so dark, as the moon shone so bright, illuminating the two distraught people, who were almost lost in their own passionate kiss, as they tried to be close to each other without them realizing it. 
They tried to understand one another desperately.
###Chapter 379: CLAIM THE BABY
Chapter 379: CLAIM THE BABY
This was the first time for Iris to be kissed, she was not sure what to do to match his aggressiveness. However, she was so desperate to get close to him, as she kissed him back clumsily and this made the Alpha tense up. 
Cane groaned into her mouth, when he could feel her nails graze his neck, as she tried to hold onto him during their kiss. Iris tasted so sweet while screaming innocence, as she tried to figure out how to kiss him back. 
His mate pressed her body against him and tangled her fingers in his hair and this made him lose it. 
However, Cane stopped himself before he went too far and it was too late for him to backtrack. He pushed Iris away lightly and distanced himself, he needed to cool off before the heat got to him, once it did, it would be either him hurting himself, or hurting her and what they were doing was a close call... 
Cane didn’t know what got into him when he kissed her. For someone like him, losing oneself in a heated moment, was mortifying, even so for himself. 
After all, he couldn’t afford to make a reckless and impulsive decision, but he just did that with Iris and the more shocking revelation for him was; he didn’t despise it... 
He used to hate someone else’s touch, let alone an intimate act such as a kiss, yet her touch and kiss were so different for him... it didn’t repulse him, but he couldn’t say the same about what Iris felt right now. 
On the other hand, Iris looked flustered because all of a sudden, Cane pushed her away, but she couldn’t say anything, as she tried to calm down her breathing, taking a good grasp of what went down until a second ago. 
They were kissing, there was no denying it, as Iris still could feel the taste of his cold lips against hers. Her lips were swollen, but when the realization hit her, she blushed profusely. She lowered her head, not wanting to look at Cane, yet the anger was still clear in her mind and heart. She couldn’t get rid of it and the more she tried, the more she agitated herself with her effort. 
She wanted to scream in frustration, she wanted to be angry, despite knowing it was so wrong to vent out all of her negative emotions on her mate, her heart still felt constricted. She felt so overwhelmed with everything that was going on around her. Not to mention the sudden bomb Sofia dropped earlier, claiming she was pregnant with Cane’s baby and how the members of the Howling Wolf pack were overjoyed with the news as they welcomed this stranger with open arms. It made Iris feel so sick, worthless and angry. 
That was the last straw for Iris. 
For a moment, the silence was so deafening, even for Iris, who was used to it, as the only sound she could hear was the howling of the lycan and that one time, when she heard Cane call her name during her heat. She thought she must have mistaken it, that it was only in her mind. 
"I don’t understand your anger," Cane said, despite Iris not looking at him. "I don’t understand why you are angry at me. You need to tell me what you feel, so I can understand what is going on. I can’t understand you and it leaves me frustrated." 
And then another long moment of silence, as Iris kept her head low. She stared at her fingers, as if they were the most interesting things in her life right now, while her mind swirled around a thousand possibilities. All of her negative thoughts and memories haunted her right at this moment, though outwardly, she looked so placid and quiet, there was a storm brewing inside of her. 
’Men carrying pain are storms and your mate is in so much pain.’ Redmond said those words once in the past and now she thought it applied to her as well. There was also this one time, he told her how Cane had changed her. 
Cane did change her with or without him realizing it. It was so true. By involving herself in the storm that Cane had created. Iris was forced and demanded to change the way she saw her surroundings and faced the problems. 
And she needed to keep changing in order to keep up with everything that was going on or would happen in the future. 
But, she felt so stuck at this moment. She couldn’t get rid of this bitter feeling after hearing the news about Sofia and the feeling of unworthy and dirty, because of what Kellan and Alpha Gill had done to her. She was so broken, it was not only her back that was scarred, as what heinous acts they had done to her had scarred her mind so deeply. 
Cane stared at her, trying to read what was going on in her pretty head, but it was hard to tell, because she acted nothing like her usual self. 
Iris didn’t seem to repulse the kiss between them earlier, Cane was even able to see how she blushed, which meant his act didn’t trigger her trauma, something he was concerned about the most, as he didn’t want his recklessness to hurt her again like what happened before. 
"She is pregnant. She is pregnant with your child," Iris said in a mumbling voice after the silence stretched between them for longer than necessary. 
Hearing that, Cane moved closer to her and put his finger under her chin to lift her head, so she could see what he was going to say. 
"You know the baby is Redmond’s." 
Iris gritted her teeth. She wasn’t crying, but she looked so upset and agitated. "But, what all people think is that the baby is yours!" She looked Cane dead in the eyes. "She is carrying your child! People think she is pregnant with your child! What will you do?! The King gave you two years to have an heir and now this is your opportunity to claim the baby!"
###Chapter 380: CLAIM THE BABY (2)
Chapter 380: CLAIM THE BABY (2)
Cane was infertile and Iris knew that fact since the beginning. He wouldn’t have a baby on his own, though it had never been mentioned again and she had never thought about it too deeply, the King’s demand was always at the back of her mind. 
In rare times, Iris wondered what kind of plot Cane would create to get away from it. What if the time was up and he was still without a child? Would he blame her for that? Iris didn’t think Cane would do that to her. 
And now, Sofia came and everything was crashing down around her when the realization of what Cane would do sank in, the possibility of him even thinking about it crushed her broken heart. 
The pain of what future held for her, the thought of her future self, where she had to keep up with another woman, while the whole pack praised her for giving Cane an heir, how those people would go back to seeing her as none other than Gerald’s daughter, scared her and now her fears had turned into anger and made her so bitter about anything... about everything... 
This was an opportunity for Cane to be able to get away from the King’s demand and knowing him, he wouldn’t let this slide. Cane was an opportunist and both of them were well aware of that fact. 
So, what was left for Iris? What would she become? She held his deepest secrets, but what could she do with those secrets? It didn’t look like she was capable of helping him with anything aside from calming the lycan. 
People would see her as a failure because she couldn’t give the Alpha a child and all the fingers would be pointed at her. There was no way it would cross their minds the Alpha was the one with the problem and the truth would forever be buried. 
If they were to learn about that fact or that secret came to light, it would ruin a lot of things, more so, it would do more harm than good. 
Iris felt so worthless and dirty. She was so angry with herself and the situation. She had never felt such strong emotions before and she dreaded what the future held for her. 
Cane would raise the child as his own, since he needed to pass down his title someday and this child was his only likely chance. This child would probably be the ’only child’ for Cane and that woman would take everything Iris wished to have. 
Her desire to belong to someone, to a pack, to feel like she was part of them, like a family... it would never happen. 
Iris was frustrated. She had been shunned away by the people around her since she was a child and having a brother like Mason and a father like Gerald only made her desire for the connection and affection she had never received. 
This was the reason why Iris clung to Cane desperately, ignoring Redmond reprimanding her how she would do everything to please her mate, because she felt the affection and the connection from the mate bond, something she had longed for so long. 
And now, with Sofia around, things wouldn’t be the same between her and Cane anymore. Call her selfish, but she liked it when those women looked at her with envy because she was the only woman in Cane’s life. 
In the past, Iris was sure Cane wouldn’t take a mistress because of the complicated situation with his condition, but she was not sure anymore. 
Sofia could become the Luna of the pack because she had a child with Cane, just like how her father took her mother as his luna because he was infatuated with her beauty. 
Then what about her? 
"What now?! What will you do now?! What should I do?!" Iris literally screamed agitatedly at Cane, something she had never done before. 
Because the Alpha wanted to know what was in her mind and he wouldn’t let her go before he learned about it, Iris blurted out everything, so he would know what bothered and scared her. 
Her words were jumbled up, she kept repeating the same thing over and over, because she was overwhelmed with her emotions. 
However, Cane could get the gist of it and was able to get a grip of what was the cause of her anger. Somehow, he felt relieved when she screamed at him and tried to communicate her feelings again. He really didn’t like it when she ignored him. 
"You don’t need to do anything," Cane finally replied, after Iris stopped screaming at him, but his answer only aggravated her. 
That was it? After she almost lost her breath explaining her fears, that single sentence was all she got?! Iris swatted his hands and pushed him away. 
She probably would regret the way she treated Cane right now when she came to her senses, but something snapped inside of her after what Alpha Gill had done, she felt a lot of anger inside of her and she couldn’t control it. 
After Iris pushed Cane away from her, she stood up and was about to walk away when the Alpha immediately stood up as well and grabbed her wrist to make her stay. 
"Let me go!" Iris snarled at him, glaring angrily at Cane, but the Alpha simply nudged the back of his hand toward her mouth, which left her confused. 
"If you are going to bite me again, do it." 
Iris blushed. Ugh! "I am not going to do that!" 
"Then let’s talk calmly." Cane stretched out his hand, as he pinched her chin to make her stop biting her lip. "And don’t bite yourself." His voice was so soft, only if Iris could hear him, she would know how gentle he was being with her right now. People around him wouldn’t know he still had this side to him after what he had gone through. 
"You will claim the baby." 
"I will not." Cane shook his head. "It’s impossible after all."
###Chapter 381: REDMOND’S BASTARD
Chapter 381: REDMOND’S BASTARD
Cane would claim the baby and that was the narrative that ran in Iris’ mind, driving her crazy when she thought about how the people in the Howling Wolf pack had accepted this woman with open arms, blindly welcoming her, though she was one of Alpha Gallot’s mistresses. 
"Impossible?" Iris asked curtly, she clearly didn’t believe it. This was a golden opportunity, a win-win solution for his future problem. If she could see the favorable circumstances, how could Cane not? 
Cane pointed at his eyes. "Every descendant of the royal family will have golden eyes when they shift into their beast and in the first month of their lives." 
The baby of the royal family would be born with golden eyes that would remain golden until they were one month old and then the color of their eyes would change to their original color. They would start showing the golden eyes again once they were able to shift, in their beast form, their eye color would remain golden. 
"I thought you had done your reading about the royal family?" Cane asked, mirth danced in his black eyes when he saw the realization dawn on her and she blushed again, this time out of embarrassment, yet like before, she tried so hard to conceal her emotions, though she was not good at it at this moment. "Did you skip that part?" 
Iris forgot. She was too emotional and angry, thus she forgot completely about that fact. She had indeed read the book and it was actually mentioned in the earlier pages. 
Iris averted her eyes. She wanted to run away, but it was so clear that Cane wouldn’t let her go and it was way more impossible for her to outpower him. 
"I asked you a question, didn’t I?" Cane didn’t let this matter go. "Was the information not included in the book?" 
Iris was too embarrassed to even think about lying to his face and because this man kept prodding with the question, her embarrassment turned into agitation. 
"So, what?! You will find one way or another to make it work! This is your golden opportunity to get away from the deal between you and the King." 
"By raising Redmond’s bastard? No, thanks. I have more important things to do than playing father with his child." 
Iris bit her lip when she read what he said, she didn’t want to smile at that comment when until a moment ago, she was a bundle of emotions. 
"Don’t bite your lips," Cane said, as he pinched her chin to release her lip from between her teeth. Her lips were still swollen and it was him who must be blamed for that. 
"Then, if you don’t take this opportunity, what will you do to get away from the deal between you and the King?" Iris couldn’t help but ask. She thought he wouldn’t let go of such a good chance. 
"Why should I get away from the deal with the King?" When I can get rid of him. 
Yet, Cane didn’t say the last sentence out loud. It was too quick and far too soon for him to be able to say such a thing. The future was still obscure and his plan was not as flawless as he wanted it to be. 
"But..." 
"There are a lot of ways to get away from the deal." 
"What if the King complicates matters for you?" 
Cane twirled her curls between his fingers, as he stared into her blue eyes. It seemed her anger had dissipated significantly. "He will not have time to think about that matter." He would make sure of that. "Even if he did find any reprieve, it will benefit him to have me as his ally rather than his enemy. He will not do anything about it." 
"What are you going to do with... her?" Iris felt so petty, as she didn’t even want to mention her name. 
"Let people assume she is pregnant with my child, when the time comes, they will learn the truth on their own." Cane’s plan about this matter was; do nothing. 
If something would go in the direction he wanted without his intervention, he didn’t need to waste his time and energy to think about it. 
"And then, what then?" Iris prodded again. Somehow, she returned to her usual curious self at this moment, though she was a little bit bold now by demanding his explanation. "What will you do in the meantime if people keep thinking she is carrying your child?" 
Only if the question was asked by someone else, Cane would keep mum and walk away. It was not in his character to explain things to other people after all. 
Yet, he was not sure since when this auburn haired woman became an exception. 
"I don’t need to do anything, I have five more packs to take care of. ’She’ has the whole pack to care for her. There is nothing we need to do." 
Cane emphasized the word ’she’, as he matched her pettiness, which Iris thought he didn’t realize. 
Not wanting to make her feel more embarrassed than this, though he was the one who teased her, Cane changed the topic. "Do you want to go for a walk with me tomorrow to see the members of the Riverside pack?" Cane asked her. 
He took her hand and both of them walked toward their bedroom with lighter hearts. The night was warm. 
"Okay," Iris replied in a small voice. "Don’t you think the people will hate you because you have killed their alpha?" 
If Cane’s plan for changing the topic was to stop her from worrying about that woman, he managed to do that. 
"They don’t like their alpha to begin with and right now, they are a little bit anxious about what I am going to do." 
"What if the people rebel against you? Or at least, the warriors of this pack." 
"Because I hold the golden stamp and they know the consequences of attacking me." 
And their conversation continued with Cane explaining things Iris was curious about. If Jace saw this, he would feel choked with frustration, since it took him a lifetime to make the Alpha explain things to him.
###Chapter 382: A LESSON TO LEARN
Chapter 382: A LESSON TO LEARN
Later that night, after Iris and Cane had their dinner, they talked for a bit before the exhaustion hit Iris. It was a long day for her, a tired one at that, since she went through a lot of turmoil and everything that happened in the span of the last two days had drained her emotionally. All she needed right now was a good sleep. 
Cane was there to hold her when she drifted into her slumber, patting her back in soothing motion, as he occasionally kissed her head. 
He didn’t think he had completely gotten her back, as she was in so much pain and it would take her more time to heal, but sometimes, there was a wound that couldn’t be healed no matter how long you endured it. You would have to live with it and it was fine... as the pain would remind you how you had survived to this point. 
He wished nothing for her, but to be strong, in her mind, in her heart, because she would need that strength to go through what would come later. 
Once Iris had fallen asleep and her breathing evened out, Cane slowly detached himself from her and got off the bed. He made sure she was covered with a blanket warmly because she had low tolerance to coldness before he kissed her forehead and walked out of the bedroom. 
His beta had been waiting for him there. 
Jace looked anxious and kept frowning at him, he stared at Cane weirdly, as if he was going to say something, but didn’t know how to voice out his concern. 
"Did you come here to stare at me?" Cane asked, he folded his arms in front of his chest, leaning his back against the door behind him. His beta was acting weirdly. "Something bad is going on?" 
Jace shook his head and continued with the report about the condition with the other four packs and the pack member’s reaction upon hearing their alphas had been executed for engaging in dark magic. 
Those pack members’ reaction was more or less the same as the Riverside pack members, they didn’t really mourn the death of their alphas, only became a little bit anxious about what Cane was going to do and what would happen to them. 
They were not worried about who would become the next alpha and lead the pack, because after a long winter, they were facing something more concerning. Winter resulted in famine throughout the region and these five alphas did nothing to help them and now when the winter passed, they needed to bury their family members and fight for their own lives to survive. 
That was why they dreaded what would happen to them next with the change of power within the pack, not actually really caring about their dead alphas. 
"What about their betas and gammas?" The four alphas came here without their betas and gammas, thus there were these people, who were still in charge within the packs. 
"Just like your instructions, we have sent people to overlook the situation there and keep tabs on what they are doing. Your guess is right, those alphas have been hoarding food grains during winter." Jace looked so upset when he reported this, because he knew how scarce was food during winter and how many people had died because they couldn’t survive during this harsh period of time, while Alpha Gerald and his nasty men had a lot of things to eat during that time. 
The reason was; they were hoarding food. All the southern alphas did that to their pack members, afraid the food wouldn’t be enough for all the parties they held, while people barely had anything to eat. 
That was why it was easy for Cane to guess, actually, there was a lot of food, enough for all people and to keep them from starving. 
"Arthur has returned to the pack and is now observing the situation with Sofia," Jace said, nudging the mystery he was dying to unravel, once he finished with his main report. "What are you going to do with her?"
"Nothing," Cane replied curtly and Jace felt dejected when he heard that short answer as usual. 
"I understand once the baby comes out, they will know the baby is not your child, but what are you going to do with the pack members? They will be heartbroken to learn they have been deceived." Jace tried to get more incite over this situation. 
"It will be a lesson for them to learn not to trust something blindly, just because it seems like something they have been wishing for." 
Sometimes, a lesson needed to be taught gently, so you would understand it better, but sometimes, it would come harshly, so it would be deeply engraved in your mind and build your character, something you would never forget. 
Cane chose the harshest and fastest way for his pack members, since he didn’t have time to coddle them with explanations when they were very excited without having any doubt at all and jumped to the conclusion that their prayers had been answered. 
"What about Iris?" Jace tried to push his luck. "I feel like the pack members will put her under pressure because she is not yet with a child..." His voice trailed off, because he knew he touched a sensitive topic, but he was dying of curiosity about what was going on with the two of them. 
Originally, Cane planned to send Iris back to the Howling Wolf pack because of what happened with Alpha Gill, but in Jace’s opinion, their pack members wouldn’t be of any help with Sofia around, if anything, Iris would feel unwelcomed. The Beta understood the gravity of the situation. 
"She will be with me until the matters in the pack have been dealt with." In other words, Cane wouldn’t return until the baby was born, so wouldn’t Iris. 
"Ohh..." Jace was at a loss. "Are you serious about her?" He finally blurted it out. "I saw you... treat her differently. You kissed her, why?"
###Chapter 383: IRIS WILL NEVER KNOW THIS
Chapter 383: IRIS WILL NEVER KNOW THIS
"You let her kiss you and then you kissed her in the garden." Jace held his breath when the question left his lips. "Why?" 
Hearing the question, Cane was as stoic as ever, he didn’t even flinch, nor did he show any emotions. 
However, the Beta should have seen this coming, since he knew Cane all too well and an explanation wouldn’t come from him easily. 
"Have you found the King’s spy?" Cane asked, his eyes glinted with seriousness, which left Jace speechless. It was so clear he was dodging the question. 
"We found more clues about this person and I think we will only need a few more pieces of evidence that he couldn’t avoid before he can be dealt with." 
Cane nodded. "Do it quickly." And with that, he turned around and entered the room, closing the door behind him. 
Meanwhile, Jace was left alone without getting the answer he wanted. "Damn it!" He cursed under his breath. "Why is Ethan not here yet?!" 
He would put the Gamma through an interrogation so he would get a better understanding and all the details about what was going on with their alpha. 
On the other hand, inside the room, Cane didn’t immediately go to the bed to accompany Iris. He stood behind the closed door, contemplating something. His eyes looked hazy as a lot of emotions flashed in his black eyes. He would frown, but then his lips would press into a thin line. Occasionally, he would direct his gaze toward the bed, where his mate was sleeping. 
From where he was standing, the only thing he could see was her curly, auburn hair, as her small face was covered by it. 
It took Cane a long while before he finally sorted out whatever things that bothered him and walked over to his mate. The bed dipped a little when he laid down next to Iris again. He stared at her for a while, observing her sleeping face and simply staring at her absentmindedly. 
But before long, he leaned over, so close until his lips were only a breath away from hers. He stared at those swollen lips and pulled away, yet in the next second, he leaned back and pressed his lips gently against hers. Her warm breath caressed his cheek, as he ran his tongue over her lips. He must have bitten her too harshly when he kissed her earlier because he could feel the wound and taste of blood. 
"Sorry," he whispered softly against her lips. 
Iris wouldn’t know what Cane had done. She had a blissful sleep. 
The next day, Iris woke up late and Cane helped her to deal with her hair, like he used to do in their journey to the Riverside pack. He styled half of her hair into a bun on top of her head and parted the rest to make two braids, since her hair was so thick and long. It would make it easier for her to move around later when they met with the people. 
Unfortunately, Jace walked in on them when Cane was busy doing Iris’ hair and the poor Beta almost got a heart attack at this sight. He almost thought he walked into the wrong bedroom. 
He wanted to tell Cane that everything had been set up and it was time for him to go, but instead, Cane told him to come in, since he was busy at the moment and couldn’t go out to meet him. 
"E- everything is ready..." Jace stammered, while Iris greeted him politely, he was too shocked to even greet her back. 
"Tell Oliver to get Sir Elijah out of the dungeon. He will come with us." 
"Yes. Huh? Why?" Jace tried to snap back to reality, he was tempted to rub his eyes doubting if he was seeing things right now. "Okay, I will go right now." He immediately rushed out of the bedroom when he saw Cane giving him a dagger look for questioning his order. 
Ethan! Where are you!? 
That morning, Cane took Iris to meet with people in the Riverside pack. She was riding a horse with Cane, while on their right was Jace and a man, who looked so gloomy, was on their left side. He was Sir Elijah and Iris learned a little bit about him and what happened from Cane’s explanation. 
This man looked like he wanted to be somewhere else, but his curiosity was piqued when they rode slowly toward the street. Elijah didn’t understand why Cane took him out of the dungeon. He thought the Alpha wanted to strike a deal with him or something along those lines, yet he didn’t even utter a single word. 
Just like Iris, he was curious why they rode the horses through the main street of this pack, while the people hid themselves and opened the path for them, afraid to offend the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack, who had executed the five alphas and led the border warriors. 
"Let’s get down here," Cane said, as he stopped the horse and got off, he helped Iris to get down as well, while his mate looked a little bit confused, since she thought they only wanted to observe this area. 
Iris was also curious about those carriages behind them. At least, there were ten to twelve carriages at the end of this long entourage. 
Yes, Cane marched with at least a hundred warriors, most of them were warriors from the Howling Wolf pack. 
But behind the carriages were the warriors from the Riverside pack. Their hands and legs were tied with chains, but they were not silver, thus it was safe to assume they had been fed with Rottingbane. They wouldn’t be able to shift into their beasts. 
"What are we going to do here?" Iris asked Cane, from the corner of her eyes, she could see how the people stared at them with curiosity and fear evident in their eyes. 
"We are giving away food," Cane answered simply and signaled for his men to start opening the carriages, which were filled with a lot of food for all the starving people.
###Chapter 384: IRIS UNDERSTOOD HIM A LITTLE MORE
Chapter 384: IRIS UNDERSTOOD HIM A LITTLE MORE
The famine in the five packs was pretty bad. People in these packs had to lose their family members from lack of food during winter and now when the ground was warm enough, they could finally bury them. Even so, the problem with the food had not yet been solved. 
Their only hope was to start hunting in the Goffa mountain, taking the risk to meet the monsters and be killed by the creatures. Their options were so limited. 
Therefore, when they saw carriages full of food, their eyes lit up and even though Iris couldn’t hear what they whispered to one another, she could see their eyes filled with hope and their desire to have their hands on nice food, feed their children and old members of their families. 
"If you want to get food, make two lines here! We will distribute the food evenly, you are not allowed to take food twice!" Oliver said in a loud voice to the crowd. 
Only, none of them walked forward to get the food, as they still looked confused and scared, since something like this had never happened before. What kind of food were they distributing? Was it poisoned? Rotten? They looked skeptical, but at the same time, curious and excited to fill their stomachs. 
Iris looked so nervous because no one was approaching them, she glanced at Cane, who looked emotionless as ever. He didn’t seem to bother himself with this current situation, as he knew they would eventually come around. 
But Iris took the initiative to approach a pregnant woman with her two children, around the age of seven and ten. 
"Come here, hurry, or you will need to stand in line for a long time when everyone comes to take their own share." Iris didn’t even bother when she took her hand gently and the other woman flinched because she looked so beautiful and clean with her rosy cheeks and brilliant eyes, while she was the opposite. 
"I am dirty, My Lady, you shouldn’t..." 
Yet, Iris was smiling at her, as she tugged her to come with her toward the line Oliver had mentioned before.
"Where is the food?" Iris asked one of the Howling Wolf pack members, who was still stunned to see what Iris was doing. This woman and her children looked so dirty, as if they had not taken a bath for weeks. They also smelled unpleasant, but the Luna couldn’t care less about that detail. 
"Ah, right... here." The warrior handed three bundles to the pregnant women. 
The woman looked shocked, she couldn’t believe it and gave the other two bundles to her children. While she opened the one in her hands, the bundle consisted of bread, milk, meat and grains. It would last her for three to four days. 
It was a simple, basic meal that someone like Iris and Cane could find easily, but for people like this woman, it was heavenly. 
The woman couldn’t help and tear up to see it, as she thanked Iris and all of them profusely. "If I can kneel down, I will kiss your feet, My Lady, thank you so much!" She said between her sobs and her little daughter was crying to see her mother cry, she was afraid. 
"Don’t thank me, this is all because of Alpha Cane’s kindness. He is the one who ordered the food to be distributed," Iris said, she wouldn’t take the credit for something she didn’t do, as she put in good words for Cane. 
Though, Cane had never mentioned he was the initiator, but who else, if it was not him? All of this wouldn’t happen without his permission. 
More so, with this, Iris could see a little bit better what Cane was doing. 
The Alpha was aiming for the throne, but he didn’t start with the King, instead, he started with the people and now, he had the southern packs in his palm. He moved the people to his side not by force and active threats, but by the way he treated them in the way they deserved. 
Iris felt a wave of emotion when she stared at Cane, who was talking to his beta, while the other people started to come forward after they saw what the pregnant woman got from them, making two lines like how Oliver had instructed them to. 
"Follow the line! There is enough food for everyone!" Oliver shouted, as he moved his men to make sure these people didn’t cause trouble. 
There was a little bit of commotion when words spread through the area and more people came to get food, or there were a few people who came twice to get more, but aside from that, everything went well. 
Meanwhile, Sir Elijah was dumbstruck, so were all the border warriors and the warriors from the Riverside pack, who were at the back of the carriages, they looked at each other, frowning at what was happening. 
What Cane did was unheard of for them. Not to mention to get food for free, they would be beaten up to death if they were caught stealing the food, even though they worked for Alpha Gill. 
"Tired?" Cane approached Iris when it was time for lunch, as the warm sun had risen high above their heads. He came over to his mate after he talked about a few things to Sir Elijah. 
"No." Iris was tired, since she had been standing for hours, but she was so happy to see those people’s smiles when they received the food. The sight healed her bitterness and made her heart feel lighter. She liked this feeling and every time they thanked her, she wouldn’t forget to remind them to thank Alpha Cane instead. 
Even though none of them dared to approach Cane, since he gave off a cold aura and he was in the middle of a serious conversation with Sir Elijah, they saw the Alpha in a different light. Of course, they were extremely grateful. 
"Let someone else do it, you need to eat, there is something I want to talk about with you." Cane put his arm around her waist protectively in front of everyone there.
###Chapter 385: ’ACCIDENT’
Chapter 385: ’ACCIDENT’
Though Iris was used to Cane taking her hand or dropping his hand around her waist whenever they walked together, right now, there were a hundred pairs of eyes on them! They didn’t even hide their surprise to see this show of affection from the Alpha toward his luna. 
Iris was a little bit uncomfortable with the way they stared at them, but when she glanced at Cane, her mate was unfazed. He didn’t seem bothered by it in the slightest, as he led her toward the carriage. He helped her get inside and Jace went with them, as the Beta sat down on the coachmen seat, leaving Oliver and Sir Elijah as the people in charge for the distribution of food. 
Jace looked like someone who just swallowed a bear’s heart, as he was dying of curiosity at this turn of events. It was out of character for Cane to show such deep affection. 
Meanwhile, inside the carriage, Cane handed Iris a loaf of warm bread and a waterskin that contained warm milk. 
"Eat." He said to Iris and started to read his secret missives. 
Iris stared at the bread, it was too big for her to eat all by herself, thus she tore off a piece and extended her hand, bringing the piece of bread to Cane’s mouth. 
Cane was surprised by the gesture and looked at her questioningly.
"You need to eat too, you have not yet eaten anything," Iris said and then added. "This bread is too much for me." 
"I am reading," Cane said simply and pushed her hand away, as he started to read his secret missives again, but Iris brought the piece of bread to his mouth again. This time, she nudged his lips with it. 
If something had changed about her, it would be that she had become a little bit bolder. There was no way she would be this persistent a few months ago. 
"You don’t need to use your mouth to read your letters," Iris said, nudging the bread against his lips again. 
"Are you going to feed me?" Mirth danced in his black eyes when he said that. 
"I am trying to help you," Iris corrected him. 
For a moment, Cane said nothing and only stared at her, which made Iris frown, but when she was about to protest, he bit into the bread in her hand and continued to read. He allowed her to do as she pleased. 
With that, the carriage fell silent once again, but the two people inside, seemingly content with this serene atmosphere, continued doing their own things. 
From the secret missives Cane read, he learned a few things that happened in the Red Claw pack, the Celestial Moon pack, the capital city and the other four packs in the south. 
At the same time, when they distributed the food for people in the Riverside pack, Cane had sent his men to the other packs to do the same thing. Under the name of the King’s special emissary, he moved some warriors to do the job, while their betas and gammas couldn’t do anything about it, as they knew it would put them in great trouble if they intervened with the work of the King’s special emissary. 
Getting his hands on the golden stamp was the best outcome Cane could get out of all the trouble the King had put him through. 
But what surprised him was how Aderan wrote him a letter, instead of drawing symbols like he used to do, since he was illiterate for as long as he knew. Though his handwriting was a little bit hard to read, it was way easier to understand than to interpret his drawing. 
With a lot of things that were going on and his mind being occupied with a lot of schemes, he didn’t pay attention to this small detail, but Iris picked up where he was lacking. 
Of course, he knew it was his mate’s doing. 
He paid no mind when he was informed about how Iris taught them and the children in the orphanage how to write and read, as he counted that as Iris doing something to pass her time, but now he could see how it helped. 
While Cane took care of the threats around them and the people who had wronged them while trying to bring their packs back under their control, his mate was looking after his men. 
"You need to eat more," Cane said, as he caught Iris cheating with the size of bread she gave him. She would give him a bigger piece each time, while she ate like a bird. 
"I am eating," Iris mumbled, suddenly interested in the scenery outside. 
Hearing that, Cane said nothing and continued to read. Iris thought he had dropped this trivial matter, as she continued to give him bigger pieces of bread. 
But, when Cane opened his mouth this time, she could feel his warm and rough tongue licking the tips of her fingers, which made her jolt in surprise, but the Alpha seemed not to notice that. 
Iris felt her face turn bright red, yet she thought it was only a coincidence, but that small coincidence reminded her of their kiss last night and this made the tips of her ears and neck turn even redder. Her lips were still swollen from all that and Cane helped her put some ointment on this morning. 
However, when the same thing happened again, as Cane ’accidentally’ licked the tips of her fingers for the second time, Iris was not sure whether he did it on purpose or not, but she couldn’t protest, since Cane looked quite unbothered and acted like nothing big happened. 
It would be so embarrassing to bring this up, thus Iris didn’t give the bread to him as often. 
This one hour trip was filled mostly with silence, but when they finally arrived, Jace looked confused to see how red Iris’ face was when she got out of the carriage. 
"Are you sick, Luna?" Jace asked out of concern.
###Chapter 386: DECRATIC
Chapter 386: DECRATIC
"Are you sick, Luna?" Jace asked out of concern. He stared at Iris, who just got down from the carriage with the help of Cane. The color of her face was almost the same as her hair. 
But, Iris missed the question since she wasn’t looking in his direction. Hearing Jace, Cane pressed his knuckles to her forehead to feel her temperature. It was warm. 
This sudden touch made Iris lift her head and look at him. 
"Are you feeling unwell?" Cane asked lightly, not looking as concerned and watched how his mate shook her head profusely, as she moved slightly away from him, but he caught her hand and led them toward a small rickety hut. "She is fine," he said to his beta. 
Meanwhile, Jace dropped the matter and followed them into the hut, where Haco and two warriors from the Howling Wolf pack were waiting for them, so was Grace, the healer. She just arrived here a few hours ago and started to work with Haco after receiving a brief introduction explaining who this man was. 
It had been a few months since the last time Iris saw Grace, but she looked as beautiful as ever, as she greeted her politely and showed the same concern as Jace did. 
"I am fine," Iris repeated the same answer, but Grace noticed something else, which made her face redden. 
"What happened to your lips? Have you put an ointment on your wound?" 
Iris’ lips were swollen and the wound on her lips must be noticeable for Grace to see it immediately upon a closer look. Grace didn’t know what Alpha Gill had done to Iris and probably she would never know about it. She was surprised like the rest to hear the news about how Alpha Cane executed the five alphas.
But right now, the members of their pack were overjoyed with the news of a pregnant woman coming and announcing she was carrying Alpha Cane’s child. 
Grace was one of the handful people who knew it was impossible for Cane to sire a child. 
On the other hand, out of instinct, Iris glanced at Cane, but the Alpha didn’t seem to pay attention to them, as he talked away with Haco. 
"Yes, I have applied some ointment," Iris mumbled, feeling embarrassed and shifted her attention to the conversation between Cane and Haco. 
The sorcerer looked so old, his white hair had grown much longer from the last time she had seen him. 
"... Like you already know, black magic leaves traces and I can feel it here," Haco said. "Whoever performed it, they left in a hurry and maybe thought no one would find this place at all, so they left behind a lot of evidence." Haco waved his hand around this area. 
"What kind of black magic?" 
"I am not sure, whatever they performed, it’s a powerful one." 
Cane’s brows creased. He then looked at Iris beside him. "Can you feel it?" 
Iris nodded. She could feel it, despite her embarrassment, since this ominous feeling had been bothering her ever since they came closer to this hut. 
"Aria said she met with a dark sorcerer in this pack when she tried to break the mate bond between you and Iris," Jace said, reminding them of this fact. 
"Yeah, probably this is the same sorcerer..." Haco contemplated, but then he waved his hand for them to follow him. "I think there was a pregnant woman here." He took a piece of paper and handed it to Cane. Jace and Iris tried to look at it as well. "Your healer said it is a prescription to strengthen a baby in their mother’s womb, this woman must have a difficult pregnancy." 
"The same woman in our pack?" Jace immediately jumped to this conclusion. 
Haco shook his head. "At first, I thought there was a connection between the two, but I have seen the woman. There was no trace of black magic on her. She is naturally pregnant." 
Grace cleared her throat, as she asked sheepishly. "May I know who the father of that baby is? Or is it Alpha Gallot’s trap?" 
"Redmond’s," Jace replied immediately. Right now, the warrior must be sulking somewhere, as he couldn’t find him anywhere when they were supposed to go to this hut together. 
"Ah..." Grace mumbled. 
"And there is another thing," Haco said again and pulled down a tapestry from a wall, where they could see a symbol. It was a complicated rune. 
"A rune?" Jace asked. He was clueless about magic and whatnot. 
"No." Haco shook his head. "It looks like a rune, but this is a symbol that has faded too much. If I am not mistaken, since I saw it a long time ago." 
"Where?" Jace asked again out of curiosity. He only heard a few things about Haco from the report Ethan sent him, but only recently he met with him in person. "In the Holy Kingdom?" 
"Yes." 
"What kind of symbol is that?" Cane finally spoke. He narrowed his eyes, as he felt this strange feeling... anger? He was not sure why he was angry to see the symbol. He felt like this was not the first time he saw it, but at the same time, he knew this feeling didn’t belong to him. Was it... the lycan? 
Haco looked hesitant before he answered him. "I am not sure, I can be mistaken, since this symbol is in a forbidden part of the Holy Kingdom." 
"What are you doing in the forbidden part of the Holy Kingdom?" Jace asked casually, curious about this sorcerer, who had tied Cane with the lycan that originally belonged to him. 
"It’s not me, it’s the lycan," Haco replied. The lycan, who told him to go to that part and made him read the forbidden book. "This symbol belongs to Decratic." 
"What is that?" 
None of them had ever heard such a weird name. 
"I have told you about the story of the lycan and his mate. And, Decratic lived in the same period of time as them. He is a mind controller."
###Chapter 387: SOMEONE CALLED HER NAME
Chapter 387: SOMEONE CALLED HER NAME
"Decratic lived in the same period of life as the lycan and his mate, but also at the same time as the first Serafim. It was the first Serafim that had defeated him and purified his power. The magic Decratic had was purely evil and only the Serafim could really kill them." 
"What is this Decratic? Is it a creature?" 
Haco shook his head, his brows creased tightly. "He is a powerful dark sorcerer. I am not sure, since there is not much information about him, the information about him is even rarer than what was known of the lycan. But, from what I read and remembered, Decratic fell in love with the first Serafim and wanted her for himself, so the Holy war happened. The first Serafim won it and she locked and erased all the information about him." 
"Fell in love? What is it? A romantic history?" Jace frowned. He stared at the symbol on the wall, a few parts of which had faded. "Are you sure it’s the same symbol? After all, some parts have disappeared." 
"I am sure, here." Haco pointed his finger to the middle of the symbol. "This is the symbol of five swords." 
"It looks like a flower to me." 
"A Serafim is protected by five special Holy Knights. They act as her personal guards, later on, when the first Serafim passed away, she gave her power to her five Holy Knights, which was in turn restored inside their swords and the swords are passed down to the holy knights from the next generations to protect the next Serafim." 
Haco tried to recall the history of the Holy Kingdom in the Andelus continent, since it was normal that they were clueless about the story of another kingdom and their knowledge about the other continent only grazed the surface. 
Even the people from the same continent were not really aware of the story, mostly because they couldn’t read, or they didn’t care about what happened in the past. 
"It is known that the first Serafim is the most powerful one in the history." He touched the symbol where the five swords were drawn in a circle, which made it look like a flower. "Decratic put the symbol of the five swords in the center, while surrounded it with his own symbol, as he tried to depict the Serafim was within his grasp, or in some literature, he was trying to say black magic surrounded the divine power and the Serafim was trapped inside it." 
"He must be a sick guy," Grace mumbled. 
"Probably, but the amount of sorcerers and magic people was not small. He could have won the Holy War, if it was not for the Serafim who decided to kill him and his worshiper." 
"What choice would she have if it’s not to kill him?" Grace was immersed in the story as well, as she and Jace asked a few questions here and there. 
"The problem is; when the Serafim touched dark magic, she absorbed it and absorbing a tremendous amount of Decratic’s demonic power along with his worshipers’ led her to her early death." Haco narrowed his eyes. "She died around a month after the war, but a new Serafim had appeared two days before her death." 
"How can they decide on a new Serafim?" Jace asked. "I thought, the title of Serafim passed down to their children, no?" 
"Sometimes, it happened that way, but some Serafims appeared outside of the Holy Kingdom and they needed to find her. Apparently, a Serafim would have this five swords symbol on their back and the five Holy Knights would be able to sense her divine power, after all, this is the person they had to give their lives to." 
"What a complicated thing..." Jace stopped thinking about that altogether, since that was not their problem. 
"Why is this symbol here?" Cane finally spoke. If Decratic came from a different continent, why was his symbol here? 
"I don’t know," Haco answered truthfully. 
"You know, it has nothing to do with us," Jace stated. They had another problem to take care of, they didn’t have time to indulge themselves in another continent’s problem. 
"Yeah, I know. I am just saying. I only wanted to show you this, since this is also so weird for me to find this symbol here." 
And after that, they talked about a few more things, as Haco and the rest confirmed how Iris could sense black magic and purify the dark magic stones. 
The sorcerer excitedly created a harmful dark magic stone, which none of them should touch. Cane looked conflicted when Iris was about to touch the stone, since Haco warned them the last stone he wanted to test on Iris was a powerful one. 
"Are you sure this is safe?" Grace looked a little bit worried. Even she herself dreaded the sight of the stone. 
"Of course, it is not. This magic stone is filled with black magic after all," Haco replied nonchalantly, as he extended the stone for Iris to purify it, just what he called the thing Iris did to the stone. 
"What would happen if she touched it?" Jace asked, concerned. He glanced at the Alpha, but it was hard to read what was in his mind, since he was as stoic as ever. 
"She could die." Haco didn’t look sorry when he replied to the Beta, if anything, he looked excited, as if he was very sure such a thing would never happen. 
"Are you crazy?!" Jace and Grace shouted at the same time, they looked mortified with the sorcerer’s statement. "Are you trying to kill her? We still need her!" 
"Enough with this, let’s go back," Cane said, as he took Iris’ hand and turned around. 
However, Iris did something unexpected and grabbed the stone from Haco’s hand and a dark wisp burst out from the stone. It was so thick it swirled around them, as if it was a living thing, before a warm light engulfed it and the ominous thing vanished. 
But then, Iris lost her consciousness and the last thing she knew, she was able to hear someone calling her name frantically.
###Chapter 388: THE WRATH OF THE ALPHA
Chapter 388: THE WRATH OF THE ALPHA
’I will protect you within the shadows of the dark. I will always be with you. I will find you no matter where you are. You are mine to protect, you are mine to love. Even when death tears us apart, I will find you again.’ 
This was the first time for Iris to hear someone’s voice, saying a long sentence that she could hear. His voice was so deep and solemn, as if he was saying a sacred and beautiful vow to her. She was even able to hear the determination in his voice. 
But, whose voice did it belong to? 
Iris felt the darkness that engulfed her was not as scary as it used to be, instead, it felt warm and peaceful. Not like the cold and eerie attic, where Mason used to lock her in. She didn’t mind staying here for a little bit longer... 
Meanwhile, someone got into big trouble when Iris didn’t wake up for two days straight. 
"She is still alive! I swear she will be fine once she wakes up!" Haco cried in frustration when he received Cane’s wrath. 
The Alpha didn’t raise his voice, nor did he cuss him out, but the murderous intention that radiated from him was enough to make anyone inside the room suffocate. 
Grace grimaced, she lowered her head, as she cowered in the corner of the room. She was a healer, but she was clueless about treating Iris, since her healing power didn’t really have any effect on her. 
Cane even called Ardand over to the Riverside pack, though he knew this old healer was also hopeless. He didn’t know what caused Iris to fall into a deep slumber and he had done the best he could by concocting medicines to strengthen her vitality, but it didn’t show any effect on her.
In the end, Ardand was sent back to the Howling Wolf pack, since there was no healer there. 
"Then wake her up," Cane said coldly. He was standing beside the bed where Iris had been lying down for the past two days. He didn’t leave her side and gave orders to Jace from this room, while Grace was not allowed to leave. She had to check Iris’ condition every few minutes. 
Meanwhile, Haco had been sitting in a corner, curling himself in fear, as he could feel his life was in danger. If something happened to Iris, he knew by heart he wouldn’t make it either. 
But, he was sure Iris would wake up. The dark magic stone was so powerful, but if she failed to purify it, she would have died by now. 
"Alpha..." Haco said in a coaxing tone. "The dark magic stone is so powerful, I think she needs time to rest and gain her strength back, more so, it is good for her to sleep. She has gone through a lot ever since she arrived here. I think this is a good thing, she could rest." 
Cane narrowed his eyes dangerously, which made the sorcerer cower back to the corner. Not only the Alpha, but he could also feel the anger from the lycan leak out. After all, he had been a vessel for the lycan for five decades, of course, he could tell that much, and it made the Alpha look even scarier. 
"How long?" 
"Pardon?" Haco asked, but then he realized what the Alpha meant. "Give her two more days. I think four days will be enough for her to regain her strength." 
"Hm." Cane nodded. "On the fifth day, if she still doesn’t wake up, I will cut one of your fingers for each day, until she does." 
Haco gasped in shock, so did Grace who heard that. Despite Cane not raising his voice, nor him talking in a threatening tone, you could still see how feral and aggressive he was right now. 
Shock was an understatement for what Jace and Grace felt to see the way their alpha acted around Gerald’s daughter. They knew Cane treated her well, but not this.... well, as if he took her seriously as his own mate. 
Right at that time, someone knocked from outside of the bedroom. It was one of the Howling Wolf pack’s warriors, he informed Cane that the entourage of the Red Claw pack had arrived at the border and Jace left to receive them. 
"Prepare rooms for them and bring Hanna and Ethan here immediately." 
"Yes, Alpha." 
================================ 
Jace was very impatient to wait for the entourage from the Red Claw pack to arrive and when their scents were carried over by the wind, he could hear the sounds of the movements of a hundred beasts. 
In front of the massive group was Alpha Dristan, his beast was in the color of dirty brown and the biggest among the others, as he was the Alpha. 
Alpha Dristan shifted into his human form and greeted Jace, they exchanged a few pleasantries, but from the corner of the Beta’s eyes, he could see Ethan dragging Redmond to the side and this made him frown. 
What was Ethan going to do with Redmond? If it was not for taking care of this entourage, he would be the one to drag Ethan away to interrogate him. 
Meanwhile, Ethan and Redmond were back to their usual squabbling, while Avid and the rest could only sigh to see this familiar scene again. 
"Shouldn’t we go over and stop them?" One of the warriors asked Avid, worried the two of them would fight again. "They could kill each other." 
"Let them kill each other," Avid said nonchalantly and followed the entourage to enter the Riverside pack. 
On the other hand, Ethan dragged Redmond away from the crowd. "What do you think you are doing?!" Ethan hissed viciously when the two of them were out of earshot. 
"What?!" 
"How can you get her pregnant?! You only make trouble, you dimwit!" 
"I just had sex with her, mutt! Who would have thought she wouldn’t take the Dragonheart?!" 
"Damn it! Why should you multiply yourself!? You alone are enough of a headache for this realm!" Ethan scowled.
###Chapter 389: THE RED CLAW PACK HAS ARRIVED
Chapter 389: THE RED CLAW PACK HAS ARRIVED
Ethan and Redmond were hissing through gritted teeth, looking like they were going to bite each other’s necks off at any given moment, as they argued endlessly. 
"I can’t imagine having another person like you in this realm!" Ethan scowled, which made Redmond throw a dagger look at him and cuss him out. 
"It’s absolutely way better than having someone like you!" Redmond growled back at him. 
Two warriors stayed behind to make sure the two of them didn’t really kill each other during their yet another fight, but they didn’t know how to approach their gamma and the warrior. 
"I pity your destined mate, oh, but I think you need to take her as your woman once everyone learns the baby is not the Alpha’s!" Ethan retorted. 
"I don’t want that woman, the Alpha can kill her for all I care!" Redmond’s eyes then dimmed slightly when he added. "You don’t need to pity my destined mate, she is dead." 
Ethan immediately clamped his mouth shut when he heard that and Redmond turned around and left. He walked past the two warriors and glared at them. 
"I didn’t know that..." Ethan mumbled, as he followed behind Redmond with the other two warriors. 
The two of them could finally sigh in relief as Ethan and Redmond ended their fight without resorting to any violence, but the atmosphere was a little bit awkward. 
Because of the long journey, Alpha Dristan didn’t demand to meet with Cane right away, as they needed to rest. They still could meet at dinner later. More so, from what he heard from Cane’s beta, Luna Iris was sick again and the Alpha had to stay by her side. 
He found this a little bit incredulous, since in his opinion, Cane had a lot of people that he could order to stay with his mate. There was no need for him to bother himself to take care of her, but then, he also heard the rumor about how much the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack loved his mate. People praised him for that, because it was so scarce for a man of his status to only have one woman by his side. 
Women would gush about how they wanted to have a man like Alpha Cane, who chased down a lycan to save his mate. 
By now, this cheesy story had spread throughout the continent. Made people more interested to talk about the Alpha and the Luna from the Howling Wolf pack, instead of the new crown prince, who was none other than the grandson of the King, which meant, the King skipped a generation to select the next person for the throne, causing a new problem within the royal family. 
"Alpha, you called for me?" Ethan entered the room with Hanna behind him, he looked around and found Grace. He waved lightly at the healer cheerfully and then saw Haco, curling himself into a ball in the corner of the room, as if he was trying to be invisible. "What is wrong here?" The Gamma mumbled, as he approached the bed. Cane was sitting down on the edge of it, while Iris was fast asleep. 
Hanna immediately came forward to check on her missy, but stopped in her tracks once Cane turned around to look at the two of them. 
The Alpha was so... terrifying! 
His aura alone was enough to make her stop in her tracks and lower her head, her instinct told her the danger that came from this alpha. What was wrong? She heard her missy was sick again. She thought it was only her usual sickness... 
"Stay here with my mate and Grace." Cane stood up. He told Hanna and then shifted his gaze toward his gamma and the sorcerer. "You, come with me." 
Haco whimpered, as he stood up from his corner and followed Cane and Ethan out of the room, while Hanna finally could see her missy and Grace was there to tell her what had happened. Of course, the healer wouldn’t tell Hanna about the dark magic stone she touched. She only told her how Iris had fallen sick all of a sudden, which was not something uncommon to happen to Iris. 
Cane brought the two of them out of the bedroom to have this private talk. He leaned his body against the closed door behind him, he didn’t go anywhere.
"Report to me." Cane looked at Ethan, who immediately told him everything that he didn’t write in the letters, because this kind of information would be too risky if someone else read it. 
More or less, it was the same news, but with more details. 
"Alpha Dristan sent the White Diamond Tiger back to his pack and our people managed to find their secret place where they run experiments on the magic users. Most of the magic users they got were from the black market, or from the Andelus Continent directly by exchange, magic stones for magic users." 
It was almost the same thing as what happened in the Karam continent, where people there would buy children and men for them to work to build stronger ships, as that continent was known for trading. Most of the merchants came from the Karam continent. Lou was from that continent as well. 
Cane listened to that and Ethan gave him more information he gathered in their journey with the Red Claw pack. 
It would be hard to get any information directly from the Alpha or Koda, but their warriors were not that hard, especially after they mingled for more than two weeks together, though the information they got from their warriors was not really significant. 
"Cane... what are you planning? Why did you kill all the alphas?" Ethan had wanted to ask this. He was shocked to hear the news. "You made it so obvious with you as the only alpha left in the south now. The King is planning to come down here, but it is still in discussion, what are you going to do?" 
At that time, Haco cleared his throat. "I only want to remind you, tonight is a new moon."
###Chapter 390: WHO ARE YOU?
Chapter 390: WHO ARE YOU?
"I heard there will always be a welcoming party for every guest who came to the southern pack and the parties will be even more appealing than the ones the royal family held," Koda said, as they attended the dinner with Cane sitting at the head of this long table and his beta was by his side, while Alpha Dristan sat on his left. "I am looking forward to it." 
"I thought you came here to demand justice for the unjust death of your grandson, not with a party in your mind." Cane sipped his drink, as he stared at the dark sky outside. It was less than four hours before midnight. "More so, it’s a little bit insensitive to hold a party at a time like this." 
Cane just executed those five alphas less than a week ago and the famine was still lingering in the southern kingdom because of how those alphas amassed the food in their own storages. 
Cane wouldn’t throw any party and probably would never do it in the future either. It was a change that he aimed for, falling back to the same practices didn’t align with his ideas. 
On the other hand, Alpha Dristan could feel Cane was a little bit off tonight, as if a little nudge could set him off, thus he changed the topic tactfully, seeing how Koda was a little bit embarrassed with Cane’s reply. 
"I need to thank you for delivering justice for the fourth prince," Alpha Dristan said. "You have done justice for our pack too by getting revenge on behalf of Prince Vemion by killing the five alphas, only I hoped I could have come faster, so Koda and I would be able to see life leave their bodies." 
"I was dealing with black magic from the five alphas, I didn’t have time to think about your convenience to torture them when my own life was on the line. Black magic is unpredictable, I could have died if I didn’t act fast." Cane’s voice was filled with sarcasm and Alpha Dristan realized he had phrased his words wrongly. "And now you are complaining I didn’t give you the satisfaction of torturing them while I still had to deal with the King demanding an explanation about the death of the five alphas." 
"My apologies to you, Alpha Cane, I didn’t mean it that way. Of course, we are very grateful for what you have done for my grandson. What Alpha Dristan meant is; we wish we could have come faster to help and assist you, since it is indeed very dangerous to deal with black magic," Koda chimed in, trying to redeem his earlier comment, he could feel Alpha Cane’s foul mood. 
Alpha Dristan then added. "Don’t worry about the King, me and my pack will stand by you. You have my word." 
Cane said nothing, but his gloomy expression didn’t change, which made the situation a little bit awkward. 
On the other hand, Jace didn’t understand what Cane was trying to do. Was he just pretending to look upset or was he really mad? From what Jace saw right now was; Cane didn’t want to be in this room. Maybe because tonight was the new moon, so he was a little tense and worried? 
"I hope I can rely on you in time of need," Cane replied shortly, as he sipped his drink again, glancing at the gloomy sky. 
"Absolutely," Alpha Dristan assured him and Cane nodded politely. 
However, Cane knew better than to rely on anyone. 
"I heard you have done something remarkable feeding the poor in the five packs," Alpha Dristan said, trying to change the topic. "It was something an alpha had never done before." 
"Maybe you can try it yourself. After all, we need those people to run the pack. They are more valuable when they are alive than dead." 
Cane’s answer was very callous and unfeeling, which made Dristan and Koda’s opinion about him shift again. 
They thought Cane was as kind and just as his father, as they still remembered how Alpha Josh treated his people along with his mate, Cane’s mother. 
But, this cold and calculative reply from Cane made them second think their opinion about him. He was not like his father. Alpha Josh would never say something like that or view people like commodities. 
"Yeah! I agree with you!" Alpha Dristan guffawed. 
He was satisfied with the answer and glad Cane was nothing like his father, since it would only give him a headache to deal with a highly moraled person like Alpha Josh. He was too idealistic and this world didn’t work that way. 
After entertaining Alpha Dristan and Koda with some light conversation, Cane excused himself with the reason he needed to check on his mate. 
"There are a lot of women you can have, why would you want to look after someone who is constantly sick?" Alpha Dristan was a little bit drunk when he asked this question. 
Cane stared at him for a while before he answered that. "Because she is mine. I take care of what is mine." Cane nodded politely at them. "My beta will accompany you." 
And after saying that, he left without waiting for Alpha Dristan’s reply. 
Jace grimaced, he had been waiting for a chance to corner Ethan and interrogate the shit out of the Gamma, but now he had to deal with this drunk alpha. 
On the other hand, Cane went straight to his bedroom. This was a guest room, since he didn’t want to sleep in the Alpha’s room, the same room that had been used by Alpha Gill where he bedded countless women. 
"Leave," Cane said, once he entered the room. "All of you," he added when Haco and Grace didn’t move. 
Hanna, Grace and Haco immediately left, leaving Cane alone with the unconscious Iris. 
The Alpha went to the bed and sat down on the edge of it, as he stared at Iris’ sleeping face. He extended his hand to touch her cheek. 
"Who are you?" He asked softly.
###Chapter 391: THE INNOCENT GAMMA
Chapter 391: THE INNOCENT GAMMA
Iris was a runt, that was what everyone including himself thought in the beginning, but at this point, after witnessing what she could do, he was not sure about that anymore. 
There was not much information on runts, but based on the little knowledge he had, no runt could perform magic. They couldn’t shift, nor did they have magical ability. 
Yet, Iris proved time and time again that she had some special ability and Haco himself told him how he mistook her for a magic user when he saw her for the first time. 
But, how could it be? Both Iris’ parents were shifters, there was no doubt about that... 
"Where did you get this color from?" Cane pinched a flock of her fluffy, curly hair, as he twirled it between his fingers. 
Iris had mentioned this before, she got this color from her maternal side, but she was not sure about it either, because at that time, it was her nanny who explained it to her when she was still a child. That piece of information was not really reliable. 
Cane had asked Mason about what happened ten years ago and about Iris, but he didn’t know much about his sister either. 
Cane narrowed his eyes, as he contemplated something. His jaw hardened, he was deep in his own thoughts, while staring at his mate. It was hard to tell what was running through the depths of his mind, until midnight came and his body started to shift into his lycan form. 
This transformation was not as painful as before he met her. The pain was bearable and Cane could keep his consciousness to a certain level as long as he was close to Iris, as if the lycan didn’t want to do anything and was content enough to blanket itself with her scent, allowing Cane to take control. 
The night was silent and the lycan snuggled closer to the sleeping woman, craving for warmth and peace... 
============================= 
Once Jace could get away from the drunk alpha Dristan and Koda, he immediately hunted down Ethan’s whereabouts.
As it turned out, he was guarding in front of the Alpha and the Luna’s bedroom, as tonight was a new moon and no one was allowed to enter. 
Thankfully, with the dinner going well and Alpha Dristan and Koda being too intoxicated, no one would interrupt Cane at this moment. 
"Ethan!" Jace rushed toward the Gamma once he learned he was here. 
Ethan jolted when he heard Jace’s fierce voice calling his name. "Wh- what?" he stuttered, afraid to see the Beta’s expression right now. Did he do something wrong? But, he just arrived, how could he incur his wrath when he didn’t do anything? 
"Tell me everything!" Jace demanded, his voice was stern, he was literally hissing at Ethan to keep his voice low, but he couldn’t hide the urgency in his tone even if he tried. 
"T- tell you what? What do you want to know?" Ethan tried to get away from this beta out of instinct, his body turned defensive when Jace grabbed his shoulder to keep him in his place. "What is it? You are scaring me." 
"Tell me what happened to the Alpha, tell me why he changed so much!" 
"Calm down, calm down." Ethan tried to push Jace away. He was so close and their positions would only look misleading if someone were to chance upon them right now. "Can you move away? You are breathing in my face!" Ethan became a little bit irritated. 
Realizing their positions, Jace immediately took a step back, but he didn’t stop demanding the answers. 
"Explain to me why the Alpha is so attached to her. I heard they sleep in the same bedroom, the same bed." Even in the pack house, they had different bedrooms for the Alpha and the Luna, more so, Jace knew how much Cane disliked having someone else in his bed, let alone sharing it with another woman. 
"Oh, right... they sleep in the same bedroom," Ethan replied lightly, as if there was nothing wrong with that fact, as if he was used to it by now, but it was a different case with Jace. 
"I saw... I saw them kissing..." Jace looked like someone had stolen the air he was breathing when he mentioned it. 
Ethan frowned. "I have never seen them kissing, but I am sure they did more than that behind closed doors." 
Jace gasped in shock. "You know how Cane is. I can understand if they have sex every now and then, after all they are mates, he did that with Aria too, but you know... kissing is... Cane repulses it." 
Both of them remembered how it went down with Aria everytime she tried to initiate it, thus Ethan must know how big of a deal it was for their alpha to let Iris kiss him. 
However, to Jace’s surprise, Ethan didn’t look shocked at all learning about that, as if it was already expected. 
"Yeah, I know. It must be weird for you to see Cane’s change, because you just met him after a few months, but for me and the rest of the warriors, who have been witnessing the interaction between Cane and Iris every day, such a thing is not surprising at all." 
"What?!" Jace widened his eyes. "Tell me, tell me everything!" 
Ethan’s eyes glinted with mischief when he saw how flabbergasted the Beta was. He thought he would spend the rest of the night standing in front of the door, counting stars and staring at the moon, but as it turned out, he got company. 
"Sure!" Ethan said cheerfully, he was ready with his storytelling skills. He sat down on the floor and leaned his back against the closed door behind him. "Come here, sit down. This will be a long story, you better sit comfortably. Oh, wait, wait! Don’t sit down yet! It will be nice if we have a bunch of snacks and drinks! Why don’t you go and fetch a few for us from the main hall? " 
"Are you kidding me? Are you ordering me around? I am the Beta!" 
"Do you want to hear the story?" Ethan blinked his eyes innocently.
###Chapter 392: A GENTLE KISS IN THE MORNING
Chapter 392: A GENTLE KISS IN THE MORNING
Iris felt her whole body as feather as a light, as if she was floating. At the same time, she felt so warm and she immediately found out the cause behind it when she tilted her head to the side. 
There was this huge lycan by her side, laying down comfortably with its muzzle resting on her shoulder. The lycan was awake and their eyes clashed with each other’s, until the creature shifted back into its human form. 
Outside, the sky became a little bit lighter and the sun appeared on the horizon, but the silence continued to dwell inside the room, as the two people stared at each other without a word. 
’How are you feeling?’ Cane mouthed the question, knowing Iris would read it anyway. 
Iris didn’t immediately answer his question, she stared at him sleepily, still reeling from her deep slumber. "I had a dream," she said finally in a low voice and then shifted her body to face Cane. The Alpha wrapped his arms around her waist instinctively, their bodies moved in sync, as if knowing what the other person needed. 
"What dream?" Cane mindlessly drew circles on her waist with the tips of his finger. 
Probably, it was her habit of telling Cane about everything. She had nothing to hide and she didn’t want to hide anything from him. 
"I was in a huge hall, the place was so beautiful, but it was empty. There I saw these five swords when I climbed this tall podium in front of me. I walked closer and had this urge to touch the swords. An urge and curiosity... somehow, my legs guided me there without me realizing it." 
Cane’s eyes dimmed slightly, but his voice was soft and light when he asked. "What do these swords look like?" 
"I don’t know, there was light coming from the swords and also... a woman." 
"A woman?" 
Iris furrowed her brows. "I saw her from afar... from across the hall." 
"Since when have you been having this dream?" Cane traced her back, running his fingers along her backbone and shoulder blades. 
"I am not sure... but, I think it started after you marked me..." Iris was sure before she met Cane, she had never had this kind of dream. 
And then silence befell upon the two of them, as they fell deep in their own thoughts. The sun rose and the light spilled into the room through the opened windows. 
"Why did you touch the stone?" Cane asked. He stared at Iris intensely. He was sure Iris saw what Haco said at that time, the sorcerer explained how dangerous the stone was, as it was suffused with dangerous black magic. 
Iris averted her eyes from him, something she would do when she was reluctant to answer Cane’s question, but she was literally trapped in his arms and had nowhere to hide. 
Gently, Cane put his finger under her chin and made her look at him. "What is it?" He could see the complicated look flashing past her beautiful blue eyes. 
"Why didn’t you want me to touch the stone?" 
"You can be hurt," Cane answered in a matter of fact. 
"You don’t want me hurt because you need me?" Iris asked and this made the Alpha furrow his brows. He felt there was another angle to her question. 
Cane said nothing for a moment, as he saw the complicated look in her eyes turn into sadness and he figured out where Iris got this idea from. 
"Yes," Cane said, as he leaned over and pressed his lips against hers. It was nothing like the drunken and reckless kiss Iris gave to him, nor was it like the rough and impulsive kiss they shared that night, which was filled with frustration and anger. This time, it started so gently... "I need you," Cane whispered against her lips, though Iris wouldn’t be able to know that. 
Iris was surprised when Cane started kissing her, but she didn’t push him away and this gave the Alpha enough prompt to deepen their kiss. He bit her lips lightly and brushed his tongue against her lips, as he coaxed her to open her mouth. 
This was something that Iris was not familiar with, but it didn’t mean she would reject this step in their relationship. She could feel when he was being so careful with her, knowing what had happened to her recently, but then Iris also knew, this was not easy for Cane either given his past. 
Both of them tried to take it slow, tearing down the walls that surrounded them, letting the other person in... 
And right at that moment, someone knocked on their door and the spell was broken. Cane pulled away from Iris almost immediately and she lowered her head, blushing, feeling embarrassed because Cane stopped abruptly. 
What happened? Iris thought she did something wrong, but then Cane kissed the tip of her nose and got off the bed. The Alpha opened the door and Iris peeked through her messy hair to see Jace and Ethan were there. 
The Gamma waved his hand at her, but Iris immediately hid under the blanket, while Cane slammed the door close behind him. 
"What is it?" 
"She is awake? Should I call Grace and Hanna?" Ethan asked, he looked cheerful to see Iris was finally awake. Jace was kind of freaking out to see Cane refusing to step out of the room and taking care of Iris by himself. Well, that was not news for the Gamma... 
"You go and find them," Cane said to Jace instead. 
Confused, Jace went away to get the order done, though he felt a little bit off with this, since the Alpha could order a warrior to do such a thing. 
"What is it?" Cane asked Ethan rigidly, asking what he was going to report to him about. 
"The King decided to come to the south." Ethan looked a little bit conflicted. "I think the King had heard about Sofia and now he wants to make sure the woman is indeed pregnant with your baby." 
"Who is coming with him?" Cane couldn’t care less about the King’s motives.
###Chapter 393: THEY ARE COMING TO THE HOWLING WOLF PACK
Chapter 393: THEY ARE COMING TO THE HOWLING WOLF PACK
Cane couldn’t care less about the King’s motives, since he had expected his journey to the south, even if it was not to confirm whether the woman was carrying his baby or not, the King must demand an explanation from him for executing the five alphas. More so, there were five packs without a leader now and Aeon needed to do something about it. 
What concerned Cane was the people who would come with the King. 
"From the report I received, it will be the King and Lady Cyan, while the Queen will stay behind in the palace to receive the people from the Holy Kingdom, who will be arriving in the next month, just in case the King couldn’t return in time to greet them." 
"Lady Cyan..." Cane said her name in contemplation. Somehow, he had guessed it. There was something fishy about this woman and his suspicion only grew stronger after seeing the way she interacted with the King and Alan. It was a power play that she showed at that time, though it was very subtle. 
Cane didn’t pay close attention to her because she kept a very low profile and was rarely seen in the public, yet right when they found the black magic stones in Princess Osana’s palace coupled with the matters of the lycan and black magic resurfacing, she made a public appearance. 
"But, it has not been decided yet. It can be changed." Ethan immediately added. 
"Hm." Cane was sure, no matter who joined the King’s entourage later on, Lady Cyan would definitely tag along. He remembered Haco mentioning there was a dark sorcerer within the palace, who prevented him from cursing Princess Osana. 
"Oh, and the merchant, Lou, will also arrive in the Howling Wolf pack within this week, our men spotted him a few days away from our pack." 
"I told him to go to the Blue Moon pack." Cane looked so cold to hear that. 
"But, our man saw him take the route that was closer to the Howling Wolf pack rather than the Blue Moon pack." 
Cane knew this merchant would be trouble. "Where is Haco?" 
"I think he is in the hut. Last night, he asked one of the warriors to accompany him there," Ethan recalled. "I assume he is afraid you will make him sit in the corner again." 
"Send someone to call him back, tell him Iris is awake." 
"Okay," Ethan said, he was about to order one of the warriors when Jace returned with Hanna and Grace. 
The Alpha told the two women to go inside the bedroom to check on his mate and take care of her needs. After that, if Iris was strong enough, she could come and meet him in the main hall this afternoon. "You go and find Haco, tell him to come here right away," Cane ordered Jace instead to find the sorcerer by himself. 
============================= 
Iris looked so beautiful when she approached Cane. She had her lunch inside her bedroom when she learned Cane was having lunch with Alpha Dristan and Koda to discuss the matters at hand. She didn’t feel like meeting them, thus she joined Cane when she heard he was going out to meet with the people of this pack. 
She was wearing a beautiful white dress that contrasted with her auburn hair, half of which was tied into a bun on top of her head. She had this calm and peaceful aura around her when she walked, while talking to Hanna by her side with Redmond following closely behind her. 
Cane stared at his mate and was glad to see her returning to her usual self. It was a relief to see how Iris didn’t dwell on what happened to her, whether she forgot about the event, or she simply pretended something like that never happened, whatever way she chose to cope up with it, it was fine. 
Cane extended his hand and pulled her closer to him, as he kissed her forehead when she was close enough. "Feeling better?" he asked gently. 
Iris was a little bit flustered, as she blushed when Cane showed such a display of affection. Recently, he had been so free to touch and kiss her in public. She was not sure whether this was for a show, or he was genuine with his gestures, but then she remembered their kiss this morning... no one was inside the room, thus there was no need for Cane to fake such affection, in that case, could she assume this was a genuine gesture? 
"Yes," Iris replied. 
"Luna Iris, it is a pleasure to see you," Alpha Dristan said, as he approached the two of them, while Koda was following slightly behind him. 
"The pleasure is mine," Iris replied politely, she smiled softly at the Alpha.
"I heard you are sick." Alpha Dristan engaged her in a small conversation. "You really know how to make Alpha Cane so worried about you." 
"I am fine now, thanks to Alpha Cane for taking care of me," Iris replied. 
"Yes, I can see how beautiful you are right now." Alpha Dristan didn’t lie when he said that. If it was another woman, he would try his way to get her, but of course, at times like this, he wouldn’t want to have a conflict with Alpha Cane. Having this alpha as an ally was way more important than having a taste of a mere runt like her. 
"Thank you." 
"We are going to leave now," Cane said, as he helped Iris into the carriage. 
They went to the main street, where Oliver and some people worked together to distribute seeds so they could start growing something to eat, aside from going hunting in the mountains. The same thing happened in the other four packs. 
Cane finally got a hold of their fortune, but without something useful enough to buy, all that gold was useless. At this point, he indeed needed the merchant. It was a good thing Lou went to the Howling Wolf pack, but Cane was not happy to see him. 
"In a fortnight, we will return to the Howling Wolf pack to receive the King." Cane let Iris know about this beforehand.
###Chapter 394: THEIR INTERACTION
Chapter 394: THEIR INTERACTION
Cane had expected the King to come, or at the very least, himself to be summoned back to the capital city, to be questioned about the execution of the five alphas, but he thought it wouldn’t be this fast. 
Since people from the Holy Kingdom would arrive, Cane assumed the King would receive them first before he took care of the matter in the south, since time would be so tight to travel back and forth. Moreover, there were a lot of problems within the royal court surrounding the new crown prince’s appointment. 
But, as it turned out, Aeon made a hasty decision. This move didn’t feel like him... Cane could feel how out of character his plan to visit the south was. If it was the King that was in charge, he would have focused on the matters involving the court first. 
The King didn’t even show himself when the Howling Wolf pack was dragged under the Blue Moon pack control to avoid people’s wrath over the power shift. 
"The King is coming?" Iris moved in her seat uncomfortably. Cane said they didn’t need to return to the pack until the woman gave birth to the baby those people assumed was his. "Why?" 
"Because of the execution of the five alphas," Cane replied lightly. He stared at Iris and closely studied her expression. 
"Or, is it because he wanted to see his future grandnephew?" Iris couldn’t help it, her voice sounded so bitter. She felt this suffocating feeling again, where she couldn’t control her anger and this showed on her expression. 
Cane extended his hand and caught her hand that pulled at her hair nervously. "Something is in your mind?" 
"Nothing." Iris freed her hand from his grip and stared out the window, indicating she didn’t want to talk anymore. 
Silence befell upon them until they arrived at their destination and as usual, Cane helped Iris get off the carriage and kept her close to him. 
"We will walk from here, because the carriages couldn’t go through this road," Cane informed Iris after he squeezed her hand to get her attention. 
Iris looked around, there were a few warriors carrying boxes after boxes and she recognized them as the former warriors of the Riverside pack, with a warrior from the Howling Wolf pack being the person in charge of them. 
Some of the warriors waved their hands at Iris, as they came here along with the Gamma and the Red Claw pack entourage. 
Iris smiled at them. She recognized all of them. There were around ten warriors who came here from the capital city as the rest stayed behind with Aderan. 
On the other hand, Jace frowned to see the interaction between the warriors and Iris. Ethan had told him what happened during their time in the capital city, but knowing the Gamma, as he had this tendency to exaggerate things, he didn’t believe him right away. 
Yet... what was this? 
Cane walked ahead with Alpha Dristan and Koda, while Iris and Hanna walked side by side behind them. Thankfully, Hanna had prepared a simple dress for this muddy road, so it would be easy for her to move around. 
Along the streets, Iris could see many people staring at them with curiosity while children hid behind their parent’s backs. They tensed up when Cane and Alpha Dristan walked past them, since their presence as alphas was so strong. 
Hanna nudged Iris to get her attention. "I was like them, miss, before you found me." She smiled at her with tears welled up in her eyes. "Thank you." 
Iris smiled back at her. "Thank you for staying with me all this time." 
They walked further, it was a small entourage with a lot of boxes in the end of this not so big group while the Alpha walked upfront. 
Iris saw Will, walking beside four warriors, while carrying one of the boxes, making sure they did their job well and then glanced at Hanna. 
"How is it between you and him?" Iris asked in a small voice. 
Hanna glanced at Will and looked so gloomy. "Nothing," she mouthed. Her eyes dimmed and Iris could see the deep sadness in her eyes. 
Hanna couldn’t stop crying when she was finally reunited with her, thinking Iris had been kidnapped by the lycan and she would end up going missing like Prince Vemion, she felt so relieved to see her safe again. 
On the other hand, Iris felt bad because she was fine all this time, but she couldn’t tell her about that. 
"Why?" Iris asked again, wanting to know more. 
"I don’t know. He didn’t want to talk to me, but he kept protecting me when we were attacked by monsters. I know he asked a few warriors to look after me, but why doesn’t he want to talk to me directly? Did I do something wrong?" Hanna ranted, she felt annoyed, sad and frustrated. She didn’t know what went wrong between them. 
"Oh, Hanna... I am sure he will come around." 
Hanna shook her head sadly. "I don’t even know if I want him anymore. I think I am on the verge of giving up. He didn’t want me, so why would I want him?" 
"Of course, he wants you. It’s just his brain is not braining at this moment." 
Both Iris and Hanna were shocked to hear Ethan’s voice above their heads all of a sudden, because they were too engrossed in their conversation they didn’t realize the Gamma had been eavesdropping. 
"You can’t give up. If it’s not you, who else could knock some sense into his mind? He needs someone to tell him how wrong it is to ignore the person who cares about you." Hanna and Iris frowned to see this sudden intervention. "What?" Ethan looked confused to receive such a look from them. 
"Since when have you been here?" Hanna asked sullenly. 
"What? Am I not allowed to join?" 
"Why do you want to join in a conversation between two women?" Redmond chimed in as well, which made the two of them start bickering again. 
Not too far, Jace was dumbfounded at their interaction.
###Chapter 395: IRIS WAS TRYING TO FIGURE OUT CANE’S PLAN
Chapter 395: IRIS WAS TRYING TO FIGURE OUT CANE’S PLAN
Ethan had told him about a lot of things, he had emphasized how the warriors had warmed up to Iris and how she helped them to read and write. They saw her in a new light now, especially when the relationship between her and their alpha turned out to be so great. 
Cane openly showed how important she was to him and it was not the first time for him to stay with Iris when she did not feel well. The Alpha even brought her with him almost wherever he went, even for the secret meetings. 
Yet, Jace simply couldn’t wrap his head around the idea that Cane took this relationship with Iris seriously, aside from him needing her because of the Blue Moon pack. 
Not to mention the warriors. 
They didn’t state it bluntly, but definitely, Iris was not their favorite luna. If there was someone else, they would rather choose the other person than the daughter of Gerald, because seeing her brought back a lot of bad memories. 
They accepted Iris only out of respect for their alpha, nothing else. Most of the warriors back in the Howling Wolf pack shared the same sentiment as them, but the warriors that followed them to the capital city looked like they had a different thought now. 
Last night, Jace overheard a warrior bragging about how he could write and read because of Iris. 
Jace was flustered. 
This entourage arrived at a vast area, where there were a lot of people, covered in dirt and dust. They looked so skinny, as if they only had skin and bones left in their body. 
"Who are they?" Iris asked, she and Hanna stared at Ethan, waiting for his explanation, since he had been walking with them. 
"They are all shifters. They must have been taking Rottingbane, which might have prevented them from shifting into their beasts." 
"What are they doing here?" Hanna asked again with so much curiosity. 
They had this kind of place back in the Blue Moon and the Howling Wolf pack too, but it was because the people there were working in the magic stone mines, while here, there was no place like that, so what were they doing here? 
"Riverside pack didn’t have a magic stone mine, but they have been working on a crosscut between the Riverside pack and the Crystal Moon pack. Alpha Gill wanted to dig a tunnel at the feet of the Goffa mountain, so they will be able to cut down around two days’ journey from this pack to the Crystal Moon pack." 
Crystal Moon pack, Diandem pack, Bloody Wolf pack and Silver River pack were on the other side of this mountain, so it was indeed a good idea to make a shortcut by digging a tunnel under the mountain to cut the journey to the other pack. 
"But, isn’t it dangerous? Goffa mountain is full of a lot of monsters, especially at times like this." After winter, the monsters would be very active, Iris knew that much about it. 
"Yes, that’s why, this project has not yet been accomplished even though it has been five years since it was started." 
"Five years?" Iris was dumbstruck. 
"Hm. Can you imagine how many people had died? Have you realized how many children are here?" 
Iris didn’t realize that, but she indeed saw a lot of children, more than one would find on the streets usually. 
"Alpha Gill had this sick idea to force the women to give birth to a lot of children in order to replace the people who died here." Ethan’s eyes turned dangerous when he spoke again. "Alpha Gill took all little girls, who are of suitable age to get pregnant, to the pack house. We found a lot of pregnant girls around the age of fifteen to seventeen there, all of them were pregnant." 
They found them after they executed the five alphas. This shocking revelation barely touched the surface of the depth of their heinous and abhorrent activities. 
Hanna clutched at her chest. "How do you know that? You just arrived." She frowned at Ethan’s ability to gather so much information in such a short period of time. 
Ethan smiled smugly at her, which made Hanna regret asking. "Of course, because I am so capable at gathering information!" 
Hanna and Redmond rolled their eyes at the same comment. "You know that much because you spent your time gossiping with that beta last night," Redmond said disdainfully. 
"That’s what you call exchanging information!" Ethan retorted. 
When the two of them started bickering again, Cane took Iris’ hand and walked with her, while Oliver talked something with Alpha Dristan and Koda, roaming around this area. 
This vast land was almost as big as a magic stone mine, but they were so close to Goffa mountain, where Iris could see the tunnel Ethan had mentioned before. 
"Cane..." Iris tugged his sleeve to get his attention. "What are you going to do with these people? You will stop this, right? They could all die because of this impossible project." 
Cane looked at his mate and shook his head. "No. I will continue this." He could see the surprise crossing her features. "Digging this tunnel to make a shortcut to the other pack is indeed the only good idea Alpha Gill had." 
"But, Cane... what about these people? You know the monsters will be so active at this period of time, right?" Iris was so anxious. She knew she didn’t need to remind Cane of this fact, since he must be well aware of it more than her. 
"Right." 
"They could die." 
Cane stared at his mate for a while. "I will never promise to be responsible for everyone’s life. I will never be able to fulfill that promise, nor am I going to try." 
Iris was shocked to learn that and just like what Cane thought, she was still that softhearted woman, despite what happened to her, but then she narrowed her eyes. 
"What are you planning to do?"
Cane could see how she was trying so hard to figure it out. "Guess." 
Iris frowned and she was indeed trying to think of what Cane had planned for these people that could benefit him.
###Chapter 396: YOU TRICKED ME!
Chapter 396: YOU TRICKED ME!
Iris frowned. Cane seemed to be in a good mood. He held her hand, as they walked toward the tunnel and looked around this vast area. He waited for her to answer her own question. 
Meanwhile, people stared at them secretly, as the sight of Iris and Cane walking together peacefully was a rare sight to see. Women had never been in this area, even if they were, they were brought to fulfil the desire of the wardens. 
Or recently, when they were forced to impregnate as many women as possible, as the Alpha wanted to have a lot of members in the pack. Alpha Gill thought about doubling the population of his pack because a lot of men died during this project, but he failed to think about improving the quality of their lives, since in his mind, no life was more important than his own and ironically, he lost it. 
"You are planning to continue this project..." Iris mumbled to herself, contemplating the reason why Cane wanted to continue digging the tunnel that had made a lot of men meet their demise. "Why?" Iris asked herself. She looked around and then turned to the tunnel. 
The warriors put down the boxes they had been carrying and as usual, they distributed food among them, but this time, they brought clean clothes as well, as the men here were only wearing ragged clothes and pants. 
There was a commotion when they tried to get their hands on clean clothes and food, but Sir Elijah controlled the situation well. He ordered his men to help as well. 
Hanna also helped, but Will took something from her hand and talked to her, gesturing for her to stay behind, yet Hanna looked mad and glared at him, as she snatched back the box from Will’s hand and walked away. 
And here, Iris couldn’t figure out what Cane was planning to do with this tunnel. "I don’t know." Iris shook her head. 
"If you can answer this, I will grant you one wish." 
"It’s unfair," Iris immediately rejected it. "No one knows what is in your mind, not even your beta and your gamma." 
"Aren’t you my luna?" 
"But, it doesn’t mean I know more about you." Iris started to talk back to Cane. If it was in the past, she would lower her head timidly and wouldn’t dare to retort. "You never say anything about yourself." 
"Fine." Cane nodded. "I will give you a clue, but if you still can’t answer this, you will grant me one wish." 
Iris’ brows furrowed deeply. "Why do I feel like I will fall straight into your trap?" 
Hearing that, Cane couldn’t help but laugh, which surprised all of the people there, since they only saw his serious and vicious side. After Cane executed the five alphas and put their head on the spikes, they knew him as a coldblooded alpha, but no one ever thought they would witness this side of this cruel alpha. 
"Do I need to trap you?" Cane asked, oblivious of the attention gathering on them right now, but Iris seemed to be aware of it and started to feel uncomfortable to be in the center of their attention. 
"No. I have been trapped with you for the rest of our lives," she mumbled. 
She didn’t mean it in a bad way, but that was how it sounded in Cane’s ears, as he pinched her chin and lifted her head to meet his eyes. "You don’t like it." 
All of a sudden, the playful atmosphere between them turned serious, as Cane’s laugh vanished and his eyes stared at his mate sharply. 
"I never said that. Let’s be trapped and rot together, as long as I am with you, I am willing," Iris said playfully, but there was a trace of determination in her tone. "I promised to be with you, let’s see the end of it together." She promised him and also his late mate when they went to see his family and she intended to keep it. 
Cane lowered his hand and all of the spectators sighed, they didn’t realize they were holding their breaths, thinking Cane would turn violent because Iris had said something wrong that could incur his anger. It was easy to assume so when they were raised while being stuffed with such ideas in their mind. 
"So, what is the clue?" Iris grabbed his hand instead and Cane intertwined their fingers together, as they continued walking, leaving those people to continue looking at them weirdly behind. 
"The rations for the food distribution in this pack comes from the Crystal Moon pack." 
Iris nodded. "Yes, I read about that, because Crystal Moon pack is the only pack with a harbor in the south kingdom, before winter they amass grains and dry meat from the merchants, as they bring the commodities on ship from Karam continent." 
Iris stopped talking and blinked her eyes, as if something crossed her mind, but then... 
Cane smiled at her explanation and could see she was so close to realizing the answer, but when she stopped talking and tried to rearrange her theory in her mind, he leaned over and kissed her cheek. "Continue," he whispered, until only his warm breath was all Iris could notice. 
Iris blushed when Cane suddenly kissed her. He had been very weird lately with his sudden displays of affection in front of so many people. 
"And... mmh..." Iris forgot what she was going to say! Ugh! What was it?! "That’s... uhm..."
"I want the harbor. It will be helpful during the next winter, so there is no need for us to go to the black market again." It would save them a lot of effort, time and energy if they could build the tunnel and he got his hands on the deal between the Crystal Moon pack and the merchants from the Karam continent. 
"Ah! I am going to say that!" Iris was fuming. She stopped walking and glared at Cane, but the Alpha was as calm as ever. "You tricked me!" 
"In what way did I trick you?" 
"You..." Iris stopped herself. "...Kissed me." Her voice trailed off. 
"Hm?" Cane tilted his head. "How can you count that as me playing a trick?"
###Chapter 397: SHE COULD LISTEN TO HIM FOR HOURS
Chapter 397: SHE COULD LISTEN TO HIM FOR HOURS
Iris was dumbfounded to read what Cane said. She was utterly speechless. Was he being cunning with her too? 
"You kissed me!" Iris insisted with her reason, but she couldn’t elaborate further, as her face turned bright red. Probably, it was because of the harsh sun... 
"I have done that several times now." 
"Are you being... ingenious with me now?" Iris asked sullenly, since she didn’t know how to call him out on tricking her with a kiss without sounding weird. 
"You need to learn how to compose yourself." Cane brushed her bangs and caressed her rosy cheek. "You are always so easy to read." 
People around them watched this interaction and how gentle the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack was with his mate. In their minds, someone, who was capable of executing the five alphas and treating their bodies so cruelly after that, wouldn’t have a single gentle bone in their body, nor would they be able to find in themselves to be kind. 
Yet, what they were witnessing right now was something that was completely different from what they imagined... 
While they were receiving all the things that they needed, such as food and clean clothes, the Alpha and the Luna were being affectionate with each other. The Alpha treated her so respectfully and he did it naturally. It was unheard of for a man of his status to treat their woman so well, especially when the woman had not yet conceived their child after such a long time. 
Not to mention the dark story behind the two of them... 
"Don’t you think he is being overly affectionate with that woman?" Alpha Dristan asked Koda, as the two of them stood out of anyone’s earshot. 
"Hm. it’s not normal," Koda replied, his eyes glued to Cane, who was smiling at his mate. She looked sullen. They didn’t know what they were talking about, but from their standing point, it looked like the Alpha was being playful with his luna. "Knowing him, he must be up to something." 
The two of them agreed that the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack was too cunning. They couldn’t lower their guard, or else, it would be them who became the sacrifice in whatever plan he had in his mind. Alpha Dristan didn’t completely trust Cane, so didn’t Koda. 
After all, there was no such a thing as complete trust between the alphas of two different packs. It would be so na?ve of you, if you thought such a thing existed. 
A person’s heart could change and there was no such thing as loyalty that would last forever in this realm, there were only benefits and self interests, and greater than that was a pack’s chance to profit. 
All of them knew that and even those poor five alphas understood it to a certain level. 
"Is it really a bad thing to be easily readable?" Iris asked, as they walked toward the tunnel, while people either avoided them or lowered their heads submissively, not wanting to provoke the Alpha. 
"In this battle, yes. You don’t want your enemy to know what is in your mind or how you are feeling in a certain situation." Cane was exceptionally chatty today, as he explained things to her. Things she should learn, things she should remember, things she should do. 
Iris frowned, but then she stood in front of Cane, forcing him to stop walking. For a moment, she just stared at him, but he could sense how a myriad of questions swirled inside that pretty head of hers. 
"How can you easily read people? How do you know what their motives are? You always seem to be able to be two or three steps ahead of them." Iris was still fascinated by how Cane could advance this far within less than a year since he freed himself and his people from the slavery. 
Would it be possible that their pack would have never fallen into slavery if he was the Alpha at that time? Cane was only a little bit older than Iris right now when their pack fell into her father’s hands. 
Cane smiled softly at her question. If it was someone else, he wouldn’t waste his breath to answer such a question. "I don’t know how to read people’s motives, Iris. I pay close attention to their personalities." 
Iris furrowed her brows. "How so?" 
"People tend to use themselves as a measuring stick while viewing others. It will be easy to predict the next move of a person who behaved rationally and was motivated by something, you need to pay close attention to what motivates them, it will be either power, money, or woman... there must be something that moves them. Even the actions of people who are purely motivated by their emotions could be easily read after careful observation." Cane tapped the tip of her nose. "Observe your surroundings more." 
Iris felt her mind swirling, she had never thought in that way. When Cane said people tended to use themselves as a measuring stick while viewing others, it rang a bell in her mind, because she did exactly that. 
Meanwhile, Cane could see how Iris was starting to grasp what he was saying, thus he didn’t bother her when she was deep in her own thoughts and took her hand to continue walking. 
"Have you never been afraid before?" 
"Of course, I have been." Cane stared at her. 
"How can you pretend that you are not?" 
"My father told me this; weakness is a guise, wear it when you need to use it for your own benefit, but never when you feel it." Cane chuckled lightly, but there was no humor in it. "At the end of the day, all of this is about profit." 
Iris didn’t realize this before, but right now, she felt like she would never get tired of talking with Cane, as if she could talk to him all day and they wouldn’t run out of topics, or she could listen to him for hours without being tired. 
And then, she remembered something. "I saw it." Her expression darkened. 
"Hm? What did you see?" Cane asked.
###Chapter 398: IS SHE A RUNT TO BEGIN WITH?
Chapter 398: IS SHE A RUNT TO BEGIN WITH?
Cane was on alert when he saw the sudden change in her expression. "What did you see?" He was clueless as to what Iris was going to say. 
Iris bit her lips and stopped walking again. "The wisp." 
"Wisp?" Cane instinctively glanced at his hands, thinking it appeared again, but there was nothing. It would ruin a lot of things if it appeared now under hundreds to thousands of watchful eyes. Deep down, he had this belief; as long as he was with her, the dark wisp would never appear. "What do you mean by the wisp?" 
"I... I was... he was... he was touching me when I saw it..." Her tongue failed her when this disgusting feeling rushed back to her mind as she tried to recall that particular moment, when she revived the moment she wanted to forget the most. 
If it was not for that weird thing and the feeling she felt upon seeing the wisp, she would have forced herself subconsciously to forget everything that happened to her, but that certain moment prevented her from doing so. 
"What wisp did you see?" Seeing her reaction, Cane immediately knew which moment she was trying to talk about, thus he wanted her to focus on the wisp, instead of anything else. "You saw a wisp?" 
Iris nodded. "The wisp was in the color of grey, dark grey..." 
"It’s different from the wisp that came from me?" 
"It’s different." 
Cane’s jaw hardened. "Tell me more." 
Iris tried to recollect her memories and only focus on the dark grey wisp. How the wisp took a wolf’s shape and how she felt when she saw the wisp. She felt this deep hatred and disgust as her instinct told her to kill it. 
She didn’t know how to kill a smoke that was in the form of a wolf, but she did it instinctively. 
"... it caused pain to him." Iris balled her fists to keep her emotions in check, until she could feel her nails embedding into her palms. "He was in pain." 
Cane’s eyes dimmed slightly, as he watched how Iris was struggling to remember the details of that horrendous moment, but at the same time, he recalled Alpha Gill’s last moments. They tied him with silver chains to prevent him from shifting into his beast. 
But, what was about the dark grey wisp that took the shape of a wolf? Was that... was that even possible? 
Cane put his hand on the back of her neck, massaged her nape to let her relax a little bit and then dragged her back in the direction of their carriage. 
"Where is Haco?" Cane ordered his beta to call the sorcerer earlier. 
"He is at the back of the entourage." Jace glanced at their intertwined fingers. He had brought Haco, but because Cane had not yet called him over personally, so even though he came along, he tried his best to hide himself from the Alpha. 
It seemed, Cane’s threat had shaken him so badly. Not to mention he had nowhere to go now and he was so afraid to be found cursing Princess Osana so, he relied on Cane heavily. Even though he was afraid of him now, he couldn’t leave him. 
"Tell him to come inside the carriage," Cane said and helped Iris into their carriage, waiting for the sorcerer to come. There were a lot of things he wanted to confirm with him. 
It didn’t feel right. The more Cane thought about it, the more he was sure there was something more to Iris. Now he doubted if she was even a runt, or a shifter to begin with. 
On the other hand, Alpha Dristan and Koda looked at each other when Cane and Iris entered the carriage but didn’t leave. They came here to discuss this tunnel and the prospect of conducting business in the future between their packs, since only the Crystal Moon pack had a harbor in the south. 
Cane would need an immense amount of resources to get this task done and the Red Claw pack was the richest pack in this continent, not to mention the two of them held the only two magic stone mines in this realm. The collaboration between the two would definitely shake the royal family, which would make even the King hesitate before doing anything reckless to either of their packs. 
It would solidify the position of the Crown Prince from the Red Claw pack, giving the baby the strongest support he could get. This alone would shut the noisy voices inside the court, who were still against them. 
The Crown Prince was indeed still a baby and had a long way to go before he could sit on the throne, but this would also give the King a reason to enjoy the crown on his head a little bit longer. 
"What are they doing?" Alpha Dristan narrowed his eyes on the carriage. "Send someone to go closer and see if they could find something." 
Koda nodded and went to get the order done. He glanced at the Alpha for a brief moment and greed lit up his eyes. 
One day, he would be the King’s grandfather and he wouldn’t have to accept any orders from anyone anymore. 
Meanwhile, it took Haco a little bit longer to get his ass to the carriage, as he dragged his feet to meet with Cane. He had heard that Iris had woken up, which meant he could keep his fingers intact. He had also seen her walking around fine earlier, but he still dreaded the threat from the Alpha. He knew Cane meant every word he said at that moment and that was terrifying. 
"Took you long enough," Cane said when Haco finally entered the carriage. This carriage was spacious enough to accommodate six people inside and the decoration was very extravagant, since Alpha Gill was really into luxurious things. 
While Cane and Iris sat side by side, Haco sat in front of them.
"I am already very old, I can’t walk so fast, my back is killing me, my vision is blurry. I am so weak now," Haco said pitifully.
###Chapter 399: THE LYCAN AND HIS MATE
Chapter 399: THE LYCAN AND HIS MATE
Haco was trying to pull a pitiful card, seeing how compassionate Cane was toward these people, there was no way he would harm a vulnerable and powerless sorcerer like him, right? He was only an ordinary old man without the magic stones, as the Alpha was always very careful before giving him too many for him to accumulate power he could use to go against him. 
It was just Cane being careful enough, though he knew Haco would be too afraid to expose himself out there if word got out about him being a dark sorcerer. 
"Are you done?" Cane asked in the middle of his whining. Haco immediately clamped his mouth shut and shifted his attention toward Iris. 
"I know you will pull it through, you made the Alpha worried! But, I have no doubt you can make it! I have never been wrong with my observation! Never have I doubted you or the power you hold in the slightest!" Haco praised Iris instead. 
"Tell me more about her power," Cane said immediately, since that was indeed the topic he wanted to discuss with him. 
Haco tilted his head, he contemplated for a while and then extended his hand to Iris, asking her hand. "I don’t know what you meant by telling you more about her power, but I am sure she is not a runt." 
Iris extended her hand and Haco grabbed it. His hand was so callous and bony, she felt like she could break his fingers, but at the same time, it was strong and firm. 
Probably because of the stress Cane had caused him, he looked a little bit older and haggard than usual. Cane’s threat must be so dreadful until it made him feel on edge. 
Haco was silent for a while, as he held her hand. "I am sure she is not a runt. No runt can perform magic, though I can’t say her ability falls into the category of performing magic either." He contemplated for a while, still holding her hand. 
"Are you checking on me?" Iris asked. 
"Hm." Haco nodded. 
"Will your hand be cold like this while you are checking on me?" 
"Magic users, who perform black magic mostly have cold hands," Haco explained it simply, because the exact explanation would be more complicated than this, since magic was a vague entity. 
"Lady Cyan has cold hands too." Iris recalled when lady Cyan grabbed her hand and how uncomfortable she felt. 
Hearing that, Cane’s eyes dimmed. "Would she be able to develop the same predictions about her as you?" 
Haco blinked his eyes. "Well, if she is as powerful as me, probably..." He narrowed his eyes, as if he remembered something. "The dark sorcerer in the palace... if she really checked on you, then she must be the dark sorcerer in the palace." 
It was still an assumption, but the possibility of it was pretty likely. 
"So, she is as powerful as you?" 
"No one is as powerful as me." 
"In that case, she couldn’t pinpoint my mate’s ability?" 
Haco looked hesitant when he answered this. "I am not sure..." 
This possibility didn’t cross his mind and here he was, missing the important part, which put his mate and his plan at risk. 
No. He even got the Holy Kingdom involved in this matter. He was not sure if this would be a good thing or not. 
"Maybe she knew, but maybe she is not that powerful... she managed to prevent me from cursing Princess Osana further, but she made a lot of sacrifices to do so. At best, you should be careful with her. No dark sorcerer will bring you anything good." Haco caught the way Iris looked at him. "Except for me, except for me, I am good. I became a dark sorcerer because of that damn lycan, okay?" He became a little bit defensive. 
"Can you help her figure out her ability?" Cane asked Haco. "There is something more to her ability." 
"I am not sure..." Haco felt so incompetent to repeat the same answer over and over again. It hurt his pride. "I am not familiar with her ability, it does not feel like magic, yet it is similar at the same time, but of course it is not black magic or something like that either." Haco then leaned over in curiosity only just realizing he missed the last piece of information Cane told him. "What do you mean by there is something more to her ability?" 
Cane told him briefly about what Iris saw and talked a little bit more about the dark wisp that sometimes would emanate from him, while Haco listened to him seriously and Iris was stunned with the way Cane hinted she could be a magic user or something. 
"There is so much evidence that proves she is not a shifter, nor is she a runt," Cane said at the end of his explanation. 
"Wow... that’s a wild theory..." Haco lamented. 
"But, does it make sense?" 
Haco massaged his forehead because what Cane said was so wild, yet it opened a lot of possibilities, especially with such evidence. "It can be..." 
Silence ensued inside the carriage, as the three of them busied themselves with their own thoughts. Iris felt like they were talking about someone else instead, because never in her wildest dreams, did she think of the possibility of herself being something more than a deaf runt... 
Did she really have that kind of ability? What could she do with it? 
And the first thing that struck her mind was; how could she help Cane with it? 
"Look for more stories about the lycan and his mate." Cane broke the silence with an uncommon request. 
"Huh? What about the lycan? Aren’t we talking about her?" Haco nodded at Cane. 
"The lycan recognized her as his mate, there must be a reason for that." 
"Maybe because she is beautiful and caught the lycan’s attention?" Haco tilted his head. 
"Scram and do what I said!" Cane growled at this dense sorcerer, who immediately hurried out of the carriage.
###Chapter 400: IRIS WAS BEING ANXIOUS
Chapter 400: IRIS WAS BEING ANXIOUS
There must be a reason why the lycan chose Iris and recognized her as his mate and if the lycan was so powerful to attach his soul to someone else in order to find his mate, there was a high possibility this said woman was not ordinary either. 
That was what was in Cane’s mind when he ordered Haco to look for more information on the lycan and his mate. 
But, this dense dark sorcerer had to open his mouth and irk him with his reckless comment. 
"I am going, I am going, you don’t need to be so upset with me, what have I done?" Haco whimpered, as he scrambled out of the carriage, afraid the Alpha would snarl at him again. 
Meanwhile, outside of the carriage, Jace had two of his warriors drag a warrior from the Red Claw pack straight to their alpha. The man looked helpless as he was caught red- handed eavesdropping on the conversation inside the carriage. 
"May I know, what do you mean with this, Alpha Dristan?" Jace asked, he didn’t raise his voice into an accusatory tone, but it was firm. 
"What do you mean, Beta Jace?" Alpha Dristan feigned innocence when he saw that his man had been caught. His expression didn’t change, nor did he show any surprise, he looked completely clueless. 
"I caught one of your men outside of my alpha’s carriage, trying to eavesdrop on their conversation," Jace said in a matter of fact tone. He looked Alpha Dristan straight in the eyes and watched how his innocent expression morphed into a surprised one. 
"Really?" Alpha Dristan was in disbelief. He glared at the man behind Jace. 
"I don’t know anything about that," Alpha Dristan said. "I do not condone such behavior." 
"Are you trying to say, he did something without your order, Alpha Dristan?" Jace asked, his expression was as stoic as ever. "A warrior makes a move only if he is ordered." 
"Beta Jace, the way you talk about it, it sounds as if you are trying to picture me as the villain here. Why would I breach the trust that Alpha Cane has in me? We are only starting to have a collaboration, there is no way I will risk that." 
[Did you find something?] He asked the warrior through the mind link. 
[My apologies. No. I wasn’t able to hear anything, Alpha.] The warrior replied through the mind link as well. 
Alpha Dristan then nodded at his personal warrior, who was standing next to him, as he moved so fast past Jace and snapped the head of the warrior. It happened so fast, Jace didn’t even have time to react, nor did the two warriors, who were holding the dead body now. They didn’t expect this. 
Once the job was done, Alpha Dristan’s personal warrior returned to his side. He didn’t show any emotions and from what Jace gathered, his name was Warren. 
"Like I said, I do not condone such behavior. I will discipline my men in the future, so they will not cause any trouble. You can rest assured, Beta Jace, and my apologies for the inconvenience." 
Not only did Alpha Dristan kill the warrior, but it was also a show of power that his personal warrior had displayed. 
Jace only nodded politely and then left, leaving the poor, dead warrior on the ground. His body was motionless and his neck was craned into a weird angle. The Beta let them deal with the dead body, as he left to report this to Cane. 
On the other hand, Alpha Dristan’s eyes turned dim. He had startled them with this reckless move, which would now make them act cautious around him and yet, he got nothing. 
"Next time, think twice before you give me advice," Dristan said to Koda in a low and vicious tone, as he suppressed his anger. 
Koda said nothing and only lowered his head when the Alpha walked past him, while the dead body was being taken care of by the other Red Claw pack’s warriors. 
Later that day, after they inspected the tunnel and Cane discussed a few things about it with Alpha Dristan, they returned to the pack house before sunset. Jace told him about what happened before Iris and Cane got in their carriage. 
Cane didn’t look concerned and only nodded at the Beta, but it was Iris who was being anxious. 
"Are you not concerned whether or not the warrior had listened in on our conversation?" Iris asked once they were inside the carriage and Cane sat down next to her, instead of the opposite seat. 
"No," he said simply, as he went back to reading his secret missives. 
"What if he heard something?" 
"He didn’t." 
"How can you be so sure?" 
Cane put down the report and looked at his mate, he was so patient with her when he explained. "Because Haco had done something to this carriage, no matter how loud you are inside this carriage and no matter how close someone was trying to eavesdrop, they will not be able to hear anything from the outside." 
"Really?" Iris’ eyes widened in surprise and admiration. "There is magic like that?" She looked interested. "What else can magic do?" 
"Hm." Cane nodded and continued with what he was doing. "You need to ask Haco about that." 
"If I can use magic, can I do things like that too?" Iris looked so excited. For someone who spent all her life called useless, she finally found something incredible about herself. Iris felt so good. 
"I don’t know. You need to ask Haco about that." 
And Iris was being her cheerful self and asked a few more questions related to magic, over which Cane didn’t have any knowledge. 
"Iris," Cane called her name calmly and put down the report in his hand for the second time. 
Iris immediately clamped her mouth shut, realizing how she had talked too much, while he was reading, but somehow, she liked it every time she knew he called her name. "Okay, I will not say anything." 
Iris leaned her body against the seat, but then Cane pulled her closer and pressed her head to his shoulder, as he continued
###Chapter 401: I WANT YOU TO STAY
Chapter 401: I WANT YOU TO STAY
Iris was surprised by his gesture, but she didn’t deny how happy she was to be this close to him. She could smell his scent, as if it engulfed her senses and stared at his side profile, while he continued reading seriously. The scar on his face didn’t look as scary as the first time she saw him. 
Probably, the scar on his face and also how cold and collected he was had a major say in making people think twice before they tried to approach him. But in reality, it worked to Cane’s benefit as well, as he didn’t want anyone to approach him recklessly. 
In the end, drunk by the sight of her mate, Iris fell asleep and Cane could tell the moment she slipped deeper into her slumber as her breathing became even. He then used his right hand to hold her head in place, so she wouldn’t fall when the carriage shook because of the rough road. 
Once they arrived at the pack house, he picked her up gently and carried her toward their bedroom right in front of everyone’s eyes. 
The sight of it made Jace’s jaw hit the floor. 
"What’s with that expression?" Ethan frowned to see Jace gobsmacked. He and some other warriors didn’t find the sight surprising whatsoever, as they had long gotten used to it. 
"He carried her." 
"She is sleeping, right?" 
"He can wake her up." 
Ethan stared at Cane’s retreating back, as Iris’ auburn hair spread on his shoulder. "Nah, I don’t think he can wake her up. She is a heavy sleeper." 
Because Ethan would always be there whenever they went on a long journey, he knew Iris would often fall asleep, even when she was on horseback, as if she could sleep anywhere she wanted. 
"I have told you everything, why are you still surprised?" Ethan patted his shoulder and then left to take care of something, leaving Jace still reeling at the sight. 
Not long after, a warrior approached him and told him there was a letter for their alpha from the Celestial Moon pack, precisely Alpha Derick. 
"How do you know this is from Alpha Derick?" Jace frowned at the additional information. 
"It’s written on the envelope," the warrior replied innocently. 
"You can read?" Ethan had told him about it, but it was easy to brush it off when it was the Gamma who told him the story, since he knew how he usually was. 
"I can." The warrior looked so proud of himself when he admitted that. He lifted his chin with his eyes lit up. 
Jace raised the envelope to his face and told him to read it and he did. After that, he found another report for him to read, which he did, though some words were difficult for him, he could still understand the gist of it. 
"Luna Iris taught me and a few warriors who went with her to the capital city how to," he said. His name was Eron and he was definitely one of the warriors who had stayed in the orphanage and been taught by Iris herself before she went to the Riverside pack. 
Jace waved his hand. "You can leave... leave..." he said in a tired tone, while Eron frowned, wondering what he did wrong. 
============================= 
The next few days went uneventfully, as Cane spent his time with Alpha Dristan and Koda inspecting the tunnel, while Iris and Hanna spent their time either inside the pack house or outside, interacting with the members of the Riverside pack. 
They looked a little bit wary with Iris’ presence at first, but then when they saw how the children could approach her easily, they started to warm up to her as well. 
Most of the time, Iris and Hanna would play with the children or have small talk with the people. Iris taught the woman how to make trinkets, something that she learned when she was in the orphanage in the capital city. The older girls would make trinkets to sell in the market, though the money they got through it was not much, it was more than enough for them to buy small things they wanted. 
She was free to go out of the pack house as long as Redmond and at least two other warriors accompanied her. Usually, it would be Eron and Dyne. Both of them had known Iris since they went to the capital city, thus Cane assigned them for her, since she looked more comfortable with the people she knew. 
On the other day, Cane took Iris to the Crystal Moon pack and met with the people there. They stayed for two days before returning to the Riverside pack again. 
But today, Cane said something that made her frown. 
"You can’t go out today, stay inside." That was the first thing Cane said when Iris greeted him with a ’good morning’. 
She was still sleepy, thus she thought she misread what he said. "Pardon?" She blinked her eyes to look at him more clearly, but Cane simply repeated the same thing. "But, why?" 
Both of them were still in bed and it was still early in the morning, where the sun peeked over the horizon, brightening up the gloomy sky. 
"Lou will be here," Cane replied. 
Iris needed a few more minutes before she discerned what he meant by that. "I will avoid him." 
But, Cane shook his head. "No. It will be better if you stay inside. We will return to the Howling Wolf pack tomorrow." 
As soon as he heard Lou had arrived at the Howling Wolf pack, he sent Jace to fetch him to the Riverside pack. The poor merchant didn’t even get a break whatsoever as he would arrive this morning. 
Of course, Lou followed the Beta without so much as a verbal protest when he learned Iris was also in the Riverside pack. 
"But..." 
"No ’but’s, stay, Iris. I want you to stay behind for today." 
"Okay..." Iris relented to see how serious Cane was.
###Chapter 402: THE MOOD WAS RUINED
Chapter 402: THE MOOD WAS RUINED
"Okay..." Iris relented to see how serious Cane was, but she couldn’t help asking again. "But, why?" 
In her mind, it would be fine if she simply avoided the merchant. She did the same in the palace as well. Moreover, Lou would spend most of the time with Cane. 
"He is a sorcerer, just like what you said." And he didn’t want Lou to be any more interested in Iris than he already was. 
Reading that, Iris understood and dropped the matter. It was not a problem for her to stay inside the room, it was something she was used to after all. "Why is Lou here?" 
"Because I want him to do something for the tunnel." 
"Magic devices?" Iris guessed and Cane nodded. She seemed to understand what he had planned. "It will help the people, and there wouldn’t be many deaths while they were working there." 
"Hm," Cane nodded. He stared at his mate, who looked relieved to know about it. "Iris," he called her name softly, only if she could hear him, she would be able to sense a trace of hesitation in his voice. He pulled her closer into his arms, as Iris snuggled against his chest in contentment. 
"Hm?" 
"Are you still afraid of me?" Cane asked out of the blue. 
At this time, the sunlight spilling through the window illuminated every corner of this room. The warm light touched Iris’ blue eyes, which were filled with surprise at this sudden question. 
Was she afraid of him? 
Iris shook her head. "I used to, but not anymore." 
"Because you trust me not to hurt you?" 
Iris didn’t know what he aimed for with this conversation, but she answered him truthfully. "Yes." She then added, because her answer sounded a little bit na?ve. "You hurt me before, but I know, that’s not your intention. You were in pain." 
"Is that an excuse you made for me to justify what I have done to you?" 
Iris was surprised when Cane saw it from that perspective. "Is it wrong? Did you have the intention to hurt me?" 
"Yes." Cane admitted. He could feel her body tense in his arms, yet he continued. "Your father hurt my family and I wanted to hurt you as badly." 
Iris didn’t say anything for a while and Cane waited to let his words sink in. "Because you thought I was Gerald’s daughter? You wanted to hurt me because I am his daughter?" 
"Yes." 
"What about now?" Iris put her palm against his cheek, as she stared into his eyes. "Do you still want to hurt me?" 
"No." 
"Even if I am his daughter?" 
"Even if you are his daughter." 
Iris smiled to get that answer. "And that’s it. That’s all I need to know. I don’t dwell on the past, it’s not a place I want to visit. So, you don’t need to either." 
No, Cane didn’t bring this up because he wanted to test her or check her reaction or something, he brought up the topic because it had been weighing on his mind. 
He didn’t want her to forget what he had done, not because he wanted her to remember such dreadful moments, but because she looked so easy and comfortable around him. How could she do that to her aggressor? 
The more she was being nice and smiling at him, the more his heinous acts continued to plague his mind. It was definitely so wrong on so many levels for Cane to seek comfort from her, but she was the only person who could give him such a feeling. 
Iris understood this conversation to a certain level, but she failed to notice how this matter had disturbed Cane’s mind all this time. 
Cane closed his eyes and put his hand over hers against his cheek. "Can I kiss you?" He opened his eyes to see how she blushed under the light of the morning sun. She looked so beautiful and her hair looked like it was on fire. 
Iris didn’t answer him right away. How could she answer such a question? But, when she saw Cane waiting for her answer, she mumbled. "You did that before..." 
Cane chuckled to get that answer and Iris didn’t pull away when he leaned over and came closer to her, but before she could feel his lips on hers, he suddenly stopped and his eyes dimmed slightly. He even looked annoyed. 
"Wh- what happened?" Iris asked, embarrassed because they were so close. 
Iris couldn’t hear it, but the banging on the door and Ethan’s voice that called him really irked the Alpha, as this gamma could be so persistent. 
"Alpha! Cane! Are you okay? Should I come inside?" Ethan asked, frowning. Cane would usually come out after just a few knocks. He must be up by this time, right? He didn’t usually oversleep. "Cane?!" 
Inside the room, Cane grabbed a pillow and hurled it so hard at the door, it made the strong piece of wood shake with the force. Iris was startled as well, as she realized someone must be knocking on the door. 
On the other side of it, Ethan was taken aback, he took a step back when he heard something hit the door so hard. 
"Wh- what is that?" Ethan widened his eyes in disbelief, while Jace took a step back with him as well. Both of them looked shocked. "What does that mean?" 
"I think the Alpha doesn’t want to be bothered at this moment..." Jace said absentmindedly. 
"But, why? I want to give him a report..." Ethan felt wronged. 
"Well.." Jace cleared his throat. "Maybe they are in the middle of it." 
"In the middle of what?" Ethan turned his head to look at the Beta and finally his brain started working. "Ah!" 
"Let’s come back later," Jace said, as he dragged the Gamma out of the scene. 
Yet, inside the room, the mood was ruined and Cane only gave her a peck on the tip of her nose, as he got off from the bed and Iris looked a little bit disappointed. 
That was not a kiss...
###Chapter 403: BOTH OF THEM WERE BEING RECKLESS
Chapter 403: BOTH OF THEM WERE BEING RECKLESS
Cane asked for a kiss from her and a peck on the tip of her nose was nowhere close to a kiss... Iris felt a little bit disappointed. 
Iris followed Cane to the door once they were done having their breakfast, engulfed in a comfortable silence. 
Outside, Hanna had been waiting for Cane to leave, so she could accompany her missy all day. She knew the merchant would come and the Alpha wouldn’t allow her to go out, which Hanna thought was a good thing, because she didn’t like the merchant either and he was used to appearing out of nowhere in front of her missy, every so often. 
Thus, it would be safe for her missy to stay inside. 
"Be good, don’t go out," Cane said before he left her in the bedroom. 
"Okay," Iris mumbled. She fiddled with her fingers and before Cane turned around and opened the door, she tiptoed and tried to kiss his lips. 
Unfortunately, her height proved to be the problem, because even after tiptoeing, she still couldn’t reach his lips, which made her position look so awkward. 
Blushing, Iris immediately backed away, while Cane stared at her with amusement dancing in his eyes to see how his mate was trying to give him a kiss. She became bolder and bolder. Should he call this a good thing? 
"Take care." Iris waved at him clumsily, while avoiding his gaze. 
Instead of leaving, Cane took a step forward and leaned his body forward, so they were on the same eye level, yet he didn’t make the move. "Didn’t you want to kiss me earlier?" 
Iris blushed even more, as she was caught red handed. Well, that was pretty obvious actually... 
"You are the one who told me you wanted to kiss me," Iris retorted, but she glanced at his lips and this was enough for Cane to know she wanted it too. 
This time, Cane pressed his lips gently against hers, which made her body stiffen, but he cradled her head and massaged her nape to make her relax, as Iris reciprocated his kiss clumsily. Her soft lips felt so right against his. He ran his tongue over her lips and coaxed her to open her mouth. 
When Iris didn’t get the cue, Cane squeezed her bottom, which made her gasp and he plunged his tongue deep into her mouth. He could taste the sweetness when he sucked her little tongue. 
At this moment, their bodies were pressed against one another’s, as they could feel the beating of each other’s hearts. They were breathing heavily and Cane’s eyes dimmed slightly, as he lifted Iris’ body and slammed her against the wall. 
"Ah!" Iris screeched because her head hit the sturdy wall and this made Cane realize what he had done. He abruptly took a step back, which made Iris lose her balance. 
However, before she could fall to the floor, Cane held her by her elbows to steady her again. His eyes darkened when he checked on her. 
"Are you okay?" He asked stiffly. His whole body was strung up, knowing he almost lost it for a moment there. 
"I- I am fine..." Iris felt a little bit dizzy, not because of the collision with the wall, but because of the kiss earlier, though her back and the back of her head hurt a little bit as well. 
Cane rubbed the back of her head to alleviate the pain. 
Only when Iris was slightly better, did he put some distance between them again. "I need to leave, stay inside." And this time, he didn’t wait for her response before he left. 
For a moment, Iris only stood there, staring at the closed door. She forgot about this. Cane could be very rough and harsh during sex. Amee had told her how the slavery had messed up with him. Not only had her father caused his infertility, he also made it hard for him to get his release, unless it was through violence. 
Only because Cane didn’t do anything all this time, despite them sleeping in the same bed and cuddling every night, it didn’t mean that part of him was gone. Cane managed to hold himself back around her. But, once he was aroused, he must get the deed done and Iris knew it would be a painful experience for her. Even when she was in heat, it was still so painful to do it with him... 
Iris lowered her head. Is it possible to take that step? Would she be able to handle it, knowing it would be painful? She didn’t want to be in pain... 
Right at that time, Hanna entered the room, she looked cheerful, but her smile immediately faded away when she caught Iris’ gloomy expression. 
"What happened, miss?" she asked, approaching Iris, whose face was still so red. "Are you sick?" Hanna frowned and put her hand over her forehead. 
"I am fine," Iris said lightly, as she pushed away her hand. 
"Ah!" Hanna’s eyes filled with amusement. "Did the Alpha just kiss you? That’s why you are still blushing now?" She teased her and Iris simply turned around and looked for her lizard. 
She hoped what happened earlier wouldn’t make everything they had worked for between them thus far suffer a setback.... 
============================ 
When Cane arrived at the site, where they would work on the tunnel that connected the Riverside pack and the Crystal Moon pack, Lou and Alpha Dristan were having a conversation. 
Both of them turned their bodies around to greet Cane. 
"Good morning, Alpha Cane," Dristan greeted him politely, smiling, as if it was a great pleasure for him to see Cane. 
"You are late," Lou grumbled, though he was also smiling, but Cane dismissed him. 
The merchant looked a little bit messy because he just arrived at this pack an hour ago while he didn’t get enough sleep last night. His red cloak fluttered against the wind. 
"Have you told him about our plan?" Cane asked Alpha Dristan. He didn’t even spare Lou a glance. 
"Yes, he had told me about your plan." It was Lou who answered Cane’s question, drawing his attention toward himself. "I don’t agree to cooperate."
###Chapter 404: ARE YOU AFRAID?
Chapter 404: ARE YOU AFRAID?
"I don’t agree to cooperate," Lou said smugly, as he smirked at Cane, who finally met his eyes. "I don’t think the deal will benefit me." 
There he was, trying to provoke Cane again with his antics. 
"Sir Lou, I don’t get it. Which part do you think won’t benefit you?" Alpha Dristan asked politely, but Cane could sense he was going to lose his patience with this merchant. 
It had nothing to do with the deal, it was just Lou being difficult on purpose. 
"Alpha Dristan, can you leave us alone for a while?" 
"I have explained to him in a simple way," Alpha Dristan retorted, thinking Cane assumed his method of explanation was not good enough to make the merchant understand what they were trying to offer to him. 
"It’s okay. A simple way from you still seems too difficult for him to understand, therefore, you should lower yourself to the level of his way of thinking," Cane said calmly, as if he was not insulting the merchant openly right now. 
Alpha Dristan was surprised with the way Cane talked about Lou and when he looked at the merchant, he was sure the latter would have shifted into a beast if he was a shifter. Lou’s expression was beyond dark. 
Was it alright to talk like that about this merchant in such a way when they needed him to accomplish this project? They just discovered this tunnel and it was Cane who made up his mind to continue building this shortcut to the Crystal Moon pack. 
But, with all those monsters around the Goffa mountain, this project would be stuck, just like when it was under the command of Alpha Gill. It would only be a waste of time and resources without the help of this merchant. 
"Leave us for a while," Cane said before Alpha Dristan could interrupt him again. 
Still clueless about what Cane was going to talk to the merchant, Dristan left them alone. They were in the middle of this vast land, so he simply returned to his own carriage. 
Meanwhile, Lou was very irritated with how Cane had underestimated his intelligence. Wasn’t he too much? This alpha must know that he only teased him. 
Unfortunately, Cane was not in a good mood. His mood was never good whenever he was in his presence. 
"Which part is not good enough for your own benefit?" Cane cut straight to the point. His patience was running thin with every second he spent with him. 
"I think you are intelligent enough to know that’s not the problem here," Lou said, he looked so proud of himself to be able to jab Cane with his words, after what he had said to him earlier. 
"You are just wasting my time. Take it or leave it." Cane didn’t fall into his game, as he took back the control over this conversation, steering it back to the main issue here. 
On the other hand, Lou’s smile fell, he looked at the Alpha disdainfully. "You know I am going to take this." The benefits he would get from it were far too tempting for his greedy ass. "But, I want to ask you one question." 
"Shoot." 
"What is it between you and the lycan? How do you know you can survive and save your mate from that cursed creature? How do you know when the creature will appear?" Lou asked, his expression turned serious, as he waited for Cane’s answer. 
"That’s three questions, can’t you count?" 
Lou gritted his teeth. This alpha was really annoying. "Can’t you just answer me?" 
"I never agreed to answer your question." Cane turned around, about to leave. "Do your job and we all will benefit from it." 
Yet, Lou was not willing to drop the topic. "Was it you who summoned the lycan?" 
Cane stopped walking and turned around to face him. "Don’t say something so recklessly. At times like this, the topic is too sensitive." 
Lou chuckled to hear that. "What? Are you afraid I will trick you?" 
Cane scoffed, he stared at the merchant disdainfully. "I am afraid you don’t have the ability." 
After saying that, Cane continued walking toward Alpha Dristan’s carriage, leaving the merchant fuming mad. He could hear how he was cursing him under his breath, yet he couldn’t care less about it. 
Cane had let Lou get involved too deep and he started to get suspicious. The merchant held an important role on his chess board, but he couldn’t let him get closer than this. 
He read the situation and the problem with cunning people like Lou was, they could be a double edged dagger. They were very useful, but if you didn’t use them carefully enough, you would be the one who would end up bleeding to death. 
After Cane left to approach Alpha Dristan in his carriage, Lou followed him begrudgingly to settle the deal between the three of them. 
Of course, the merchant wouldn’t miss this, a chance to strike a deal with two packs, which owned the only two magic stone mines in this realm. He would be crazy to reject the offer. 
Well, at least, people thought there were only two magic stone mines... 
Moreover, Lou could see how greedy Cane was; it was very obvious he wanted to swallow the whole southern kingdom by himself, but no one would blame him for executing the five alphas because his reason was judicious and with the golden stamp in his hand, he indeed had the ability to make a call for justice. 
"Damn it! What did I get myself into? Gerald should have killed him when he got a chance. This alpha is too devious to deal with," Lou mumbled to himself. 
Even so, the merchant couldn’t turn down his offer, which only irked him further. 
Lou looked around, but he couldn’t get a glimpse of the auburn haired girl. He rushed here without resting with Jace in hopes he could see her again after so long, but to his disappointment, the Alpha didn’t bring her along with him. 
"What is it? He usually takes her everywhere he goes." Lou frowned, feeling dissatisfied.
###Chapter 405: IRIS WAS EXCITED
Chapter 405: IRIS WAS EXCITED
Iris was holding the lizard in her hands, while waiting for Cane to return. She perched on the windowsill, hoping to catch a glimpse of him. 
Meanwhile, Hanna was lost for words, as she once again reminded her missy that the Alpha would probably return late because he was participating in a serious discussion about the tunnel with the merchant and the Alpha from the Red Claw pack. 
Yet, Iris didn’t listen to her, because she wanted to let Cane know something as soon as possible. This was something important too. 
And when she saw Cane walking in the hallway, she immediately went out of her bedroom. She approached him, which surprised him. He frowned. 
"What happened?" Cane’s mind went to the worst possible thing that could happen while he was away, because that was how he saw the situation. It was almost like an instinct to him. 
"Come, come with me, I want to show you something." Iris tugged his sleeve, so he could follow her, though without her pulling him around like this, Cane would eventually arrive at their bedroom. 
Meanwhile, Jace, who walked with Ethan slightly further back, stared blankly at the sight. 
"I don’t know when I will get used to seeing this sight..." Jace shook his head. "I still can’t wrap my head around the idea of Cane being affectionate with her." 
"Get used to it," Ethan said nonchalantly, he didn’t find the sight weird. 
On the other hand, Iris took Cane into their bedroom and Hanna immediately excused herself, leaving the two of them alone. 
"What do you want to show me?" Cane saw Iris looking for her lizard around the room. It seemed when she stood up abruptly earlier, the lizard took the chance to free itself from her grip and hide. 
"Wait, I need to find the lizard first," Iris mumbled to herself, as she looked at every corner of the room. 
But, even after ten minutes of hectic searching, she still couldn’t find the little creature, which only made her grow frustrated. She had been waiting for this moment all day, but the lizard had to disappear. 
Without saying anything, Cane walked toward the door and said something to the guard out there before he returned to the room and beckoned Iris to sit down. 
"Cane, you will not believe it! I found something amazing about the lizard! I don’t know how to explain it, that’s why I need to show you!" Iris was very excited and frustrated at the same time, her face bright red. 
"Just sit down," Cane said patiently, while his mate was still roaming around the room looking for the little creature. In the end, Cane carried her by her waist and sat her down, which left Iris flustered. 
Right at that time, someone knocked on the door and the guard gave Cane a plate of meat, which was still so hot. The piping steam wafted in the air. The smell of it was so delicious. 
Cane brought the delicious meat inside and soon after, the room was filled with this appetizing smell. 
"You have not eaten yet?" Iris asked. It was already close to midnight. 
Cane cut the juicy meat which made Iris lick her lips. She had had her dinner, but the meat before her eyes was still a welcome sight. 
Cane then stuffed a piece of meat into her mouth before she could start drooling. Her appetite had improved recently. "I have." 
Iris munched and felt happy with how delicious the meat was. 
On the other hand, Cane stood up and walked behind her, while Iris continued to eat the meat, but when he returned to sit down on the seat across from her, he had the lizard in his hands. "What are you going to do with this thing?" 
It was still a mystery how the lizard could end up in Iris’ hands. The fire stone was with Arthur and the other spies for years, but only when it fell into Iris’ hands, did it hatch into this salamander. 
This creature was supposed to be extinct after the great monster attack fifty years ago, as the Serafim used them for protection. 
Fifty years ago... 
Cane frowned at that time line. Fifty years ago was the first time the lycan attached itself to Haco. Was that a coincidence? 
"Oh, I will show you something!" Iris put down her fork and knife, as she extended her hand to grab the lizard, which was now struggling in Cane’s grip. Its small eyes glared at the Alpha, but it didn’t dare to spew fire at him. 
The lizard was a little bit bigger than Iris’ palm now and its color had turned dark red. She grabbed it with her left hand, went to the table and took a parchment before she sat down again. 
Meanwhile, the lizard struggled to get to the meat on the table. The smell was so delicious and tempting for it to miss it. 
Cane pulled away the plate, like a mean person, to make sure the lizard wouldn’t get any. "What are you going to do with that?" Cane didn’t hold any regard to the creature. The lizard was only an animal in his eyes, convenient enough to take with them when they were outside. 
"I was thinking about it this morning, if the lizard was one of the Seraphim’s mythical creatures, then it must hold some awesome power, don’t you think?" Iris was so excited with her explanation, as she tugged Cane to come with her to the fireplace, while her other hand held the lizard and the parchment. She looked so busy somehow. "And based on what that mysterious man showed me about the lizard’s ability, I did some experiment with it." 
Iris then stuffed the parchment into the lizard’s mouth and tossed it to the fire in the fireplace. The lizard would have cried by now if it could.
After that, Iris tugged Cane along with her to go out and found the first brazier. She lit it up and the lizard appeared with the parchment in its mouth. 
"See!? The parchment is not burned!"
###Chapter 406: DIFFICULT CONVERSATION
Chapter 406: DIFFICULT CONVERSATION
The parchment in the lizard’s mouth indeed did not burn, it too moved along with the lizard, from one place to another. 
Cane lifted the creature with his fingers and stared at it for a while, as his mind went over a lot of possibilities. Suddenly, the value of the lizard increased in his eyes. 
"You have done a good job," Cane said, he kissed the tip of her nose gently, which warmed Iris’ heart, so did her face. 
After what happened this morning, she was afraid whatever progress they made in this relationship thus far would suffer a setback, but Cane giving her small kisses like this without being awkward made her feel relieved again. 
"We need to train the lizard." Cane returned the lizard to Iris and reminded her she needed to keep it with her, out of people’s sight, though because of her recklessness, half of the pack members already knew about the lizard’s existence. 
After that, Cane was generous enough to order another plate of meat for the lizard to enjoy, so the creature wouldn’t sulk and hide itself again. 
"Sleep, we will go back to the Howling Wolf pack tomorrow," Cane said, as he held Iris in his arms on their bed. It was already past midnight. 
At this point, Cane got used to sleeping in a bright room, though he preferred to sleep without any light. Because Iris was afraid of the dark, he adjusted himself. 
There was one time when the fire in the fireplace died out and Iris was woken up in the middle of the night, shaking and hyperventilating because of the darkness that surrounded her. 
After that, Cane made it a habit to check the firewood in the fireplace before falling asleep, always making sure it was enough for the night. 
"How did your conversation go?" 
"Everything’s going well," Cane replied. Though Lou was trying to act cool and being a bit difficult in the negotiation earlier, his greediness leaked out from every pore of his skin. All he wanted was benefits and he got a lot of profit from the deal, while Cane made sure to feed his greed constantly, weaving an invisible leash around his neck without him realizing it. 
"Will he start to build magic devices?" The original plan was to build magic devices around the Blue Moon pack first, but looking at the change of the situation, of course, the plan should be changed as well. 
"Yes, it will take a month or two to complete it. Once it’s done, they can continue digging the tunnel." 
Iris’ eyes lit up. Cane had said that it was impossible for him to take any responsibility for other people’s lives, but it didn’t mean he would be completely careless with their lives either. 
"Sleep, Iris. We need to wake up early." Cane caressed her earlobe, which made her squirm as she held his hand away from her ear. 
"Do I make you uncomfortable?" Iris suddenly asked. 
Probably because the night was so quiet and this made both of them become more comfortable and vulnerable, but Iris liked the conversation they had before they fell asleep, as Cane became a little bit open about his own thoughts and feelings. 
"No. It’s the opposite." 
"Don’t you think it is the lycan?" Both of them knew how calm the lycan was in her presence. Therefore, there was this slight doubt in Iris’ mind that the comfort Cane seeked from her was because of the lycan within him. 
"I know my own feelings." Cane was sure when he felt anger that was not his. Such strong emotion was easy to distinguish. That was also the first time the lycan’s feelings resurfaced aside the nights of the new moon and when he was in the lycan form. 
"Is it okay for you to hug me like this?" 
Cane immediately knew what she wanted to talk about. After what happened this morning, she must be worried about being physical with him. 
"It’s fine. I am sorry for this morning, your head still hurts?"
Iris shook her head. "It’s not hurting anymore." Cane kissed her head as a reply. She was conflicted whether to bring this topic up or not, she didn’t think this was the right time to talk about it. 
"Sleep, Iris. Today was so tiring." 
The honest confession from him made Iris swallow her question and close her eyes, as she snuggled closer to him. 
She wanted to ask, because they had made some progress thus far and if the day came when they would have sex, would Cane be violent with her? Iris still dreaded her previous experience with him. 
This morning they took a step further, yet it didn’t really end up well. 
But then, Iris realized she didn’t know how to bring this matter into a conversation with him... 
With that thought in her mind, Iris fell asleep in her mate’s arms, she had another dream about the five swords and the woman inside the empty hall. 
Meanwhile, the people from the Holy Kingdom were less than a month away from the continent. 
After a quiet night, the morning came and the first thing Iris realized was that Cane had been up for some time. His side of the bed was cold. 
Not long after that, Hanna came into her bedroom to help her prepare for today’s journey back to the Howling Wolf pack. She was talking about Sofia and her worries that the Alpha would take his pregnant mistress’ side, because from what she heard, the people in the Howling Wolf pack had welcomed her warmly. 
But, Iris was only paying half attention to that. 
While Hanna was worried about Sofia bearing the Alpha’s first child and tried to console Iris over that fact, her missy was worrying about something else entirely, since she knew Sofia was carrying Redmond’s seed, not Cane’s. 
Meanwhile, on the other side of the pack house, there was a certain merchant, who was being crabby. 
"Damn you, Cane! Damn it!" Lou rushed to the Riverside pack in hopes to see Iris, but when he was finally here, Cane was leaving to the Howling Wolf pack with her.
###Chapter 407: THEY FOLLOW YOU
Chapter 407: THEY FOLLOW YOU
Not only did Cane bring Iris along, but he also took Alpha Dristan and some of the warriors from the Red Claw pack as well, leaving only Koda in this pack. He was an insignificant person in this whole project, he was no longer even the Beta of the pack. 
Sir Elijah and his warriors also left to the Howling Wolf pack, which meant, all the hard labor and everything related to the building of magical devices around the tunnel would fall under Lou’s responsibility. 
It would be a long entourage and there would be a welcoming party for the King in the pack. 
At this point, Lou felt like an abandoned child, who was being left behind to get the chores done. He felt sick to his stomach, knowing he walked straight into Cane’s trap and now he was trapped here! 
"Damn you, Cane! Damn it!" Lou threw anything that he could reach and smashed it against the wall, while Sabian tried to calm down his master. 
"Master, you need to calm down, you need to calm down, or else, someone will hear you cursing the Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack," Sabian said desperately. He had warned Lou about this, but the latter didn’t take him seriously, believing he could counter whatever scheme Cane threw at him, but as it turned out, Cane was too cunning for him to handle. 
Moreover, people from the Riverside pack were in favor of the Alpha after being fed and clothed by him. The Luna also contributed with some effort and was on good terms with the people in this pack. They would be in trouble if they heard Lou cussing the Alpha out. 
Lou grumbled, pacing back and forth, his skin was itchy, as a burning rage crept all over his skin. 
"Master, why are you so hung up on that woman? You know the Alpha likes her. You will only put yourself in trouble if you pursue her, right?" Sabian couldn’t understand this. His master was usually very cautious and never acted out of impulse, but right now, he chased a woman like a madman, disregarding who that woman belonged to. 
"I want her," Lou grumbled in frustration. 
And that was the answer he would give Sabian whenever the latter asked. Ending the conversation. Only Lou himself knew why he really wanted Iris in the first place and no one could pry the truth out of his mouth if he was not willing. 
========================== 
Iris entered the carriage and was surprised to see the inside. "Is this... the same carriage as before?" 
The interior and the exterior of the carriage had been changed and even the crest of the Riverside pack had been changed to a black wolf, which was the symbol of the Howling Wolf pack, but Iris was sure this was the same carriage. 
"Yes," Cane nodded, as he entered the carriage as well and sat down next to her. 
Iris tilted her head at him and frowned. "Why? You took the carriage of the Alpha from the Riverside’s carriage? I thought, you didn’t want this thing because..." Iris’ voice trailed off, but Cane understood what she wanted to say. 
"I have asked people to clean and change a few things in this carriage, Haco has also done his job cleaning up everything," Cane explained. "Moreover, this carriage is made of some rare and expensive wood, it will be a waste if I don’t use it." 
This carriage must have been used by the Alpha to sleep with countless women during his journey here. It was kind of disgusting, but it was built of expensive wood, designed beautifully and built in such a way, which made the passengers feel comfortable traveling in it. 
Cane didn’t like wasting such good things. Moreover, Haco had put a few spells around this carriage as well. It would be simply a waste of effort if he threw it away. 
"So, this carriage belongs to you now?" 
"This is the official carriage for our pack." 
Iris was slightly taken aback with the way Cane said ’our pack’, and the Alpha immersed himself in all the reports that flooded in from all the spies that he put in various places. 
Aside from the former six spies, Arthur had trained more spies for Cane to use, that was what Iris had learned when she read his reports. Cane knew she was reading them and didn’t mind it. 
"I didn’t know that you are into luxurious things," Iris stated. 
"Everything has its own value." That was how Cane saw things. 
And with that, the half day journey to the Howling Wolf pack began. They would finally return to the pack after almost four months. 
If Iris was correct, that woman would be around six months pregnant. It would be another three months before the baby could be born and they found out the truth that it was not Cane’s baby. 
But, during that time, all the pack members would treat that woman like a savior, just because they thought she was carrying the firstborn of their alpha, his heir. 
An heir was so important for a man in this world, that was why many men in high positions usually had more than one woman, aside from their own mate. 
"Cane." Iris tugged his sleeve, calling his name in a small voice. 
Cane knew how to read people, that was how he could often get himself out of troubles, thus he knew when Iris was being conflicted and something was bothering her mind. 
"What is it?" He put down the report in his hands and gave her his whole attention. 
"I don’t think your pack will accept me." 
"Because of that woman?" Cane didn’t even mention her name. He watched how Iris nodded. "You are their luna, you don’t need their acceptance. They must follow you." 
Iris was frustrated to read what he said. It was easy for him to say that when people followed him without a second thought. 
"People assume she is carrying your child." Iris grew agitated when she mentioned that.
###Chapter 408: HE DIDN’T KNOW WHICH ONE
Chapter 408: HE DIDN’T KNOW WHICH ONE
"Let them assume whatever they want, the higher they let their hopes up about something unreal, the harder they will fall," Cane said that lightly, as if this was not something that should bother Iris. 
However, it only confused her further. "Don’t you care about your people? I mean... they will be really upset and sad when they finally learn the truth. Shouldn’t you give them some warning?" 
"Iris, just like what I said before, I can’t save all people’s lives, much less their hearts. If you try to placate all the people around you, you will only put yourself through misery. You will only suffer, but for what? To please them? That’s the most ridiculous kind of torture you put yourself through." 
Cane pinched her chin and stared deeply into her eyes. He could understand the conflict in her pretty head. She must have heard how well the people in the pack treated Sofia. Cane was also aware of how the members of his pack had not yet fully accepted her and we’re still skeptical over her role as their luna. Moreover, with her being away so often and not having enough time to bond with them didn’t help with the progress either. 
"You are their luna, my equal. If they direct any disrespect toward you, it only means they disrespect me too. They need to learn that." 
The members of his pack had gone through so much, but it didn’t mean once they freed themselves from the slavery, they could put a stop to the effort to survive. They needed to learn something from it, at the very least, they needed to not trust so easily and he was not here to coddle them and teach them such basic survival instincts. 
Let them get hurt if they could learn from that. It also baffled Cane how they welcomed a stranger into their pack so easily. 
Iris was silent, she was processing what Cane said and he left her at that. 
The rest of the journey, neither Iris nor Cane said much, but it didn’t bother either of them, since it was a comforting silence that engulfed them. 
They only stopped once for lunch and after that, this long entourage headed toward the Howling Wolf pack again. Iris stayed inside the carriage, while Hanna attended to her when Cane left to have a brief discussion with Sir Elijah.
Iris had this inkling that Cane wanted to use him, but she was not sure for what or what his plan was with the warriors from the border. 
But, when Iris was having her lunch with Hanna inside the carriage, Haco sneaked inside and told Hanna to leave them alone. 
"Did the Alpha allow you to come here?" Hanna frowned. She didn’t want to leave her missy with this strange sorcerer. 
"You can call him here if you want, leave first, there is something important I want to discuss with her," Haco said, waving his hands impatiently at Hanna. 
"It’s okay," Iris said to Hanna, to which she nodded and left, but she was sure she would tell Cane right away that Haco sneaked into the carriage. The woman couldn’t stop gushing over how well Cane treated her, how different he was from all the alphas. "What is it?" 
"Here." Haco fished out a magic stone from his pocket and Iris immediately frowned. 
She had felt that ominous feeling from Haco, but because he was a dark sorcerer, she didn’t think much when he carried one or two black magic stones. Yet... 
"Why are you giving me that?" Iris didn’t take the black magic stone from his hand. 
"Don’t worry, this curse is not as powerful as the one before." Haco reassured her. He wouldn’t be so reckless as to incur the Alpha’s wrath again by giving Iris a stone suffused with a powerful curse. 
"You want me to purify it?" Iris tilted her head, not understanding. 
"I want you to not purify it," Haco said and this made her frown. 
"I don’t know how to." She didn’t even know how she purified the stone, it just happened and now Haco wanted her to do the opposite. 
"Try, I want to make sure about something." Haco extended his hand with his palm open, where the black magic stone sat coldly. 
Right at that moment, Cane entered the carriage. His expression was as stoic as ever and when his gaze fell on the magic stone in his palm, his eyes turned so cold, as if he could expunge the black magic stone. 
"Don’t worry, this is harmless, this is harmless!" Haco cried out to see the dark expression on Cane’s face, as he quickly explained what he was doing there. 
Cane sat down next to Iris and said nothing, while the sorcerer rambled on. "Is that possible?" 
"I think so," Haco replied, he shook his hand, indicating Iris to take the stone. She did and the stone was immediately purified, as the black wisp came out of it. 
"It worked?" Cane was clueless about magic, thus he didn’t know how things worked. 
"Nah, she purified it." Haco leaned his back against the seat. 
"Purified it..." Cane repeated the words. "Are you sure she purified it?" 
"A hundred percent," Haco said with confidence. "The curse is gone and the stone is only a stone." He crushed the stone between his fingers, as it had no use anymore. 
"Are you sure she purified it and not absorbed it?" There was this glint of complicated feeling in his eyes. Haco tilted his head, seemingly trying to discern what Cane was trying to say. "It’s two different things. Did she purify it, or did she absorb the curse?" 
Getting such a question, Haco fell deep in thought. The curse had gone because of Iris, but now Cane raised another question, he couldn’t distinguish the difference either. 
In the end, Haco couldn’t give him a definite answer and left the carriage because they needed to continue with their journey. 
Iris stared at Cane, deep in thought. 
It was night when they finally arrived at the Howling Wolf pack.
###Chapter 409: HOWLING WOLF PACK
Chapter 409: HOWLING WOLF PACK
It was around an hour before dinner when they arrived and all the members of the Howling Wolf pack welcomed their alpha back enthusiastically. At one point, they crowded him and talked about all of his achievements in the capital city and how he managed to reveal the evil deeds of the five alphas. 
Kaz, the steward, had tears in his eyes, while Amee and Grilla stood close to him, both women were crying, as they thought of Cane more than just an alpha for them. 
On the other hand, Cane was as collected and reserved as usual, he would answer some of their questions briefly, but he quickly dismissed the commotion, as they had guests. 
It was pretty hectic to say the least, since a lot of people came to the Howling Wolf pack. There were the Red Claw pack’s warriors and the border troupes that were led by Sir Elijah. It would be quite packed in the warrior’s quarters. 
As the Alpha of the pack, Cane was busy making the arrangements, not to mention there was another alpha too. 
On the other hand, Iris stood at the side, as the members of the pack would only nod politely at her, acknowledging her presence, but not enough to make her look like an important person. 
Iris could see how desperate Kaz and Grilla wanted to tell Cane about Sofia, but because Cane was walking with Alpha Dristan, they couldn’t approach him carelessly. 
Currently, they were still standing at the gatehouse, as they slowly walked toward the building. Iris and Hanna followed behind Cane and Alpha Dristan, while the other people followed behind them. 
Iris glanced over her shoulder to see Kaz beaming, seemingly impatient to have some time with the Alpha and give him a report on Sofia, or that was how Iris saw it. Probably, her irritation had clouded her judgment. 
Iris walked slowly, staring at her feet, counting the leaves on the ground. It was already spring and the weather was warmer, so she didn’t wear a very thick cloak, which usually made her look like a weird creature, but she looked so gloomy, as if there was this dark cloud hovering above her head. 
She had this feeling again, the feeling when she felt everyone stared at her judgmentally, she felt no one liked her and she was just a nuisance. She fought back the urge to walk at the end of this entourage and make her presence as minimal as possible, so they wouldn’t notice her. 
Or, she could walk faster and reach her bedroom and hide in there. All the intrusive thoughts rushed to her mind and this was suffocating. All of a sudden, the air turned thicker and her anxiety increased. 
"Miss, watch out!" Hanna was not quick enough to hold Iris back, which made her bump into Cane’s chest. 
They had reached the entrance door and the Alpha turned around to talk to his mate, but because Iris was more interested in the ground beneath her, she was not aware of what was in front of her. 
"Oh, I am sorry..." Iris said, holding her nose. She was not hurt and it was not painful, but she felt embarrassed for how clumsy she was, especially in front of these many people. 
Cane held her by her waist and steadied her. "Tired?" 
Iris nodded. That was a perfect excuse for her at this moment. 
"Go back to your room and rest." Cane pulled her hand, which was covering her nose, down and kissed it. 
If only Iris could hear, she would have known how people gasped so loudly to see that. Their eyes bulged out of their sockets to witness such a domestic gesture from their alpha. 
This couldn’t be... something like this would never happen between the two of them, even in their wildest dreams. In their minds, their alpha only saw the value of the Blue Moon pack on Iris. She was the Luna because of the Blue Moon pack and the deal with the King. 
But, what kind of affection their alpha was trying to display right now?! 
They were in denial and too shocked to process what happened next. 
"Y- yes, I will..." Iris stuttered a bit, she couldn’t hear their gasps, but she could feel their stares just fine, as if they would drill a hole in her back. 
"I will see you later," Cane said, but because Iris wasn’t looking his way, he lifted her chin and pecked her lips. "I said, I will see you later." He repeated his words. 
"Oh, y- yes... okay." Iris blushed profusely, she could feel this warm feeling slither over her skin. Crimson color covered her neck and the tips of her ears. 
After petting Iris’ head, Cane turned around and walked with Alpha Dristan, who nodded at Iris politely, but the woman was too dumbstruck to realize or return it. 
Kaz, Amee, Grilla and a few other people of the Howling Wolf pack, who followed here, were floored. They couldn’t utter a single word, as their minds tried to process everything. 
However, seeing their reactions, Hanna smiled smugly, she looked so bright and cheerful that Alpha Cane didn’t hold back from showing his affection toward her missy in front of all these people. 
Hanna was not the only one, who looked so delighted to see these people had ’what is going on?!’ kind of expressions, as Redmond also smirked arrogantly to see them, until he remembered he was in a weirdly dire situation and his smile immediately fell, as he groaned in frustration. 
"You know what?" Ethan elbowed Jace, who was standing beside him. 
"What?" The Beta frowned. 
"Your expression was the same as their current one every time you saw Cane being affectionate with Iris," Ethan chuckled and then tried to mimic Jace’s dumbstruck expression, as he opened his mouth widely and widened his eyes, which made his face look hilarious. 
"I didn’t look like that!" Jace was furious, he wanted to grab Ethan’s collar, but the Gamma dodged him while laughing.
###Chapter 410: DON’T TOUCH ME!
Chapter 410: DON’T TOUCH ME!
Still blushing and with Hanna constantly teasing her, Iris reached her bedroom. 
Cane’s bedroom was right next to hers and both rooms were connected by a door and a bathroom, but this would be the first time for them to sleep separately and somehow, Iris was a little bit unsettled with the fact. She didn’t like sleeping alone, especially when she could sleep better with Cane close to her. She felt safe with him... 
However, Kaz stopped them before Iris could open the door. 
"Luna Iris, wait!" Kaz shouted, as he rushed toward them. 
Iris caught sight of him from the corner of her eye and turned around, while Hanna frowned because of how loud he was shouting at them. 
"What happened?" Hanna asked when Kaz was already in front of them. The old man was slightly panting. 
"I forgot to tell you that this is no longer your room, Luna. Come here, I will take you to your new room." Kaz looked polite, but there was nothing polite about what he was saying. 
"What do you mean this is no longer her bedroom?" Hanna became defensive on behalf of her missy, while Iris stayed quiet. She stared at the head steward, studying him. "This is the Luna’s bedroom." 
Kaz shook his head, looking apologetic, but it was a fa?ade and Iris could sense it. 
"You are wrong about that, Hanna," Kaz said. "Come with me, I will show you to your new room, and don’t talk here, there is a pregnant lady inside, she needs to rest." 
Iris’ heart sank to read what he said. She felt disrespected not because Sofia occupied her bedroom, since she figured that must be the reason Kaz stopped her, but because of the blatant contempt from him that she could sense. 
"Do you think the Luna does not need to rest?" Hanna narrowed her eyes, she became protective of her missy. She knew something like this would happen sooner or later the moment she heard about Sofia and how the people in the Howling Wolf pack still felt uneasy with Iris. Her being away from the pack often and not having time to let them know about herself was not helping in creating a bond between them either. "We have traveled so far, from the Riverside pack to the Howling Wolf pack, in a carriage the entire morning and afternoon, do you think she is not tired?" 
Kaz looked a little bit annoyed by Hanna, he huffed scornfully. "This is the Luna’s bedroom. It belongs to someone, who will carry the firstborn of the Alpha, but because it is someone else who is currently pregnant with the alpha’s firstborn, she should stay here, since the Alpha will love to be close to his firstborn. You should understand this luna." Kaz looked at Iris, as he spoke slowly, as if she couldn’t read what he was saying if he talked too fast, which was a degrading act from him. "You. Can’t. Be. Here. Because. It. Is. Not. You. Who. Is. Pregnant. With. The. Alpha’s child." 
Hanna was floored by how insolent Kaz was. In the past, she didn’t have much interaction with him, but they were, at least, on amicable terms, yet right now, Hanna straight up hated him. 
Kaz frowned because Iris didn’t say anything and then talked to Hanna instead. "Could she understand what I am saying?" He didn’t mean it as an insult, but he was too ignorant to say that the Luna was a dumb person. 
"Of course, she can understand!" Hanna snapped at him. She was very furious. "Get that woman out of the bedroom, if the Alpha knows about this, he will be furious with you for treating his mate this way!" 
"Lower your voice! Sofia is sleeping right now!" Kaz hissed viciously and then shook his head helplessly. "I know this looks unfair for you, but this is the decorum of our pack. Alpha Cane’s destined mate, Lady Leane, occupied this room when she was pregnant with Alpha Cane’s firstborn. The previous luna and alpha moved to a different room, because lady Leane is carrying the future alpha of the pack. The same thing is happening now. Sofia is carrying the future alpha of the pack, so this is a very important matter." 
Kaz mentioned Leane a few times and the importance of the situation, he highlighted the fact that Iris was not pregnant right now. 
Because in the past, even when Cane had not gotten the title of the Alpha of the pack, there was no doubt he was the next in line, therefore, when his mate fell pregnant, they occupied these bedrooms that were exclusively for the Alpha and the Luna. 
However, here Kaz was, using Sofia’s pregnancy to make Iris step down, since that was what the previous luna did for the woman, who carried the next heir of the pack. 
"I hope you can understand this," Kaz said, trying his best to look apologetic, but he only looked impatient to get them away from there. 
"We will not go anywhere. You can ask the Alpha first what he thinks about this matter!" Hanna said, intentionally raising her voice so the pregnant woman would wake up, get her sleeping time disturbed. She was confident Alpha Cane would take her missy’s side. 
Yet, Kaz scoffed. "Do you think the Alpha will choose her over the woman who is pregnant with his child?" He talked in a low voice condescendingly, thinking Iris wouldn’t understand what he was saying. 
"I am tired, Hanna," Iris finally spoke and she could see how Kaz’s eyes lit up. 
"Come here, I have prepared a nice room for you, Luna." Kaz would have dragged Iris with him if he could, thankfully, he was still aware of his position. 
However, instead of going with Kaz, Iris turned around and started toward Cane’s bedroom. 
"No! You can’t go there! That is the Alpha’s bedroom!" Kaz tried to stop Iris, but she swatted his hand away before he could grab her. 
"Don’t touch me!" Iris said coldly. Her blue eyes flashed with unconcealed anger.
###Chapter 411: SHE IS MY WOMAN
Chapter 411: SHE IS MY WOMAN
Kaz was taken aback by the animosity Iris displayed. She didn’t say anything earlier and he thought that, because she couldn’t understand the conversation or because of her soft nature, she rarely spoke up. 
However, seeing how she was seething right now made Kaz flinch. For a moment, he was afraid of her. 
Even Hanna was surprised her kind- hearted missy could be this fierce, but she was also happy. Her missy finally became so brave to stand up for herself. 
"Lu- luna Iris," Kaz stuttered, but then he cleared his throat and straightened his back, as if he was trying to get back his control. "Luna, the Alpha will be beyond mad if he knew that you entered his room without permission, let alone sleep there." 
It was well known that Cane hated when someone else stepped into his bedroom, even Aria was not allowed to sleep there after their intimate moment, let alone Iris. In their eyes, the two of them were together only because of the circumstances that forced them to. 
At this point, Iris had entered the bedroom and didn’t want to be bothered by the old steward anymore, because she was so tired and she didn’t have the energy to bicker with him. There was a lot on her mind. 
On the other hand, Hanna stood in front of the door, facing Kaz. 
"Why not? They have been sleeping together during their time in the capital city," Hanna stated arrogantly and took satisfaction in seeing the shock on Kaz’s expression. The man tried to wrap his head around that statement. 
However, what came from his mouth was something so hurtful. 
"In that case, why is she not pregnant yet?" Kaz mumbled, but it was clear enough for Hanna to hear, which made her snarl at him. "If they were sleeping together so often, she should have been pregnant by now." 
Hanna was seeing red at this point. "Because my missy is not so cheap to trick the Alpha into getting herself pregnant! Not like that woman there!" Hanna pointed her finger at the Luna’s bedroom. "How can you believe the woman is pregnant with the Alpha’s child when she is the former mistress of another alpha?!" 
Kaz’s face darkened. Deep down, he knew there was that possibility, but then Alpha Cane had never denied it. "If that’s not the Alpha’s child, then why didn’t he deny it?"
For that question, Hanna didn’t have the answer. She could see how Alpha Cane treated her missy so well, but then, he got another woman pregnant. In the end, he was bound to have a mistress or two, it was only a matter of time. 
What Redmond and Hanna worried about, happened. Another woman was carrying Alpha Cane’s firstborn and the whole pack turned its back on Iris. 
"The fact the Alpha didn’t say anything about it, means they slept together and there was a high chance it’s indeed his child!" Kaz snapped back to see he got on her nerves. "Maybe the Luna is not pregnant yet, not because she is taking Dragonheart to prevent it, but because she doesn’t have the ability." Kaz didn’t say it in a vicious tone, but more like he contemplated the idea. 
"I will tell the Alpha about what you said!" Hanna growled at him. 
Hearing that, Kaz chuckled. "Don’t worry, I will tell him that myself. After all, I need to explain to him why there is a woman inside his bedroom. You can attend to her." 
After saying that, Kaz walked away with the intention of telling Cane about all this, while Hanna stood there, dumbstruck. When the seriousness of the situation finally sank in, she wondered if the Alpha would really take her missy’s side over his people. 
With that, she went into the bedroom and told Iris everything that happened, yet she didn’t say anything about the hurtful things Kaz had said about her, like why Iris had not yet gotten pregnant. 
"It’s okay. I am tired. I want to sleep. Can you ask someone to move my things here?" Iris looked tired, her mood dour. She could feel this tightness in her chest ever since she entered the pack, as if the atmosphere here had drained her energy, probably because she was being sensitive as they were very polite to her and she could feel the distance they put between her and themselves. 
And from the way Kaz acted just now, she knew it would be a lot of work if she wanted them to accept her and she was not sure if she wanted to keep up with them. 
At this point, she thought living in the Riverside pack was a better choice, since the members of that pack welcomed her. 
"Are you sure, Miss? You want me to bring all your belongings here?" 
Iris nodded. 
Cane wouldn’t get mad, right? After all, they had shared a bedroom together for months. 
Meanwhile, Kaz indeed went looking for Cane after his encounter with Iris and Hanna. He was very sure the Alpha would be mad and order him to get her out of his bedroom, but instead, Cane was half listening to his complaints, as he inspected all the valuable things he took from the Riverside pack. Well, he was not a thief... he was responsible for the pack, right? 
"And then?" Cane asked Kaz simply at the end of his report, which left Kaz flabbergasted. 
"Alpha, I can make her get out of your room if you give me the order." 
"Why should I?" Cane didn’t even look at him as he continued to inspect the several chests, which contained gold and diamonds. 
"Alpha, you don’t like women in your bedroom," Kaz said with bewilderment. 
At that, Cane finally shifted his attention to his steward and talked calmly to him, but his tone was very firm. "She is my woman and you will treat her as the Luna she is." 
Kaz widened his eyes in disbelief upon hearing what the Alpha said. He even forgot to mention Sofia, while the Alpha acted like the pregnant woman didn’t even exist in the first place.
###Chapter 412: THE BEATING HEART
Chapter 412: THE BEATING HEART
After Cane sorted out a few things and settled Alpha Dristan, Sir Elijah and their men, he went to the bedroom and found Iris already fast asleep. She curled herself on the edge of the bed, while her auburn hair scattered on the pillow. 
Cane approached her and kissed her forehead, as he shifted her to the middle of the bed, worried she might fall if she slept too close to the edge. 
After that, he cleaned himself and went to bed with her. 
He pulled her closer to him and buried his face in the crook of her shoulder, breathing in her scent, as Iris let out a small whining voice, while still asleep. 
Only then, Cane felt at peace and he could get the rest he needed. 
In the morning, Cane was woken up by an unfamiliar smell, as he felt someone enter the bedroom. Thinking it must be one of the maids, who brought breakfast, he didn’t think much of it. 
However, when this person came closer, Cane was alerted, he opened his eyes and didn’t move at all. Iris was still fast asleep by his side, comfortably snuggling into his chest, as her warm breath caressed his skin and her lips stayed glued to his neck. 
Cane’s dark eyes turned sharp when he felt this person walk closer and closer and before whoever it was could touch him, he caught their hand and pushed them away. 
"Ah!" Sofia screamed when she was pushed away suddenly. Thankfully, she could steady herself in time before she could fall and harm the baby in her stomach. "Al- alpha!" She stuttered to see Cane was already in a sitting position, glaring at her with so much viciousness. 
"Who allowed you to come here?" Coldness trickled from his words. It was clear to see the Alpha didn’t appreciate the fact he was woken up by her. 
Sofia whimpered, as she caressed her bulging stomach. She was already six months pregnant, so it was showing now. "Alpha, I brought breakfast for you," she said in a small voice. 
She was so excited when she heard the Alpha would return last night, but because of her pregnancy, she was very sleepy and missed welcoming him when he arrived. 
"Get out," Cane said in a deep voice, while Iris was still sleeping, she was not even aware of the predicament of the other woman. 
"Alpha... I... you almost harm our baby..." Sofia said in a low voice, as she rubbed her stomach in the most gentle way. 
Cane’s eyes dimmed when he saw it. For a moment, he said nothing, as if there were a lot of things that swamped his mind, thus Sofia took this as a cue to approach him. 
"Alpha. Do you want to feel the baby? The baby started moving. Here, you can feel it." Sofia remembered that passionate night they spent together. 
She remembered every kiss and satisfaction he gave to her. She had never been so satisfied when she had sex with Alpha Gallot, as the Alpha only cared about his own satisfaction, but that night... every time she replayed the passionate night in her mind, she would get aroused. Even now, the sight of Alpha Cane made her so wet. Probably, it was because the baby wanted to be close to its father. 
However, there was only one sour sight, which was the auburn haired woman that was sleeping on the bed. Sofia also remembered the girl was supposed to be in the room, because the Alpha took her with them, thinking he wanted to have three ways with them both. 
But as it turned out, the Alpha only focused on herself, which left her elated. She didn’t think too much about the absence of the other woman, since both of them had an intense love making session at that time and the blindfold tuned out most of her surroundings. 
"Alpha. Here, you can feel the baby..." Sofia extended her hand to take Cane’s hand, so she could put it over her stomach. 
"I told you to get out." Cane lifted his eyes and they were so dark, as if they were a pair of bottomless pits. "Don’t ever come into this room without my permission." He said that through his gritted teeth, as if he was fighting back the urge to snap her neck, which made Sofia take a step back and cover her stomach with her arms instinctively, trying to protect her baby, it was a mother’s instinct if one could say. 
"Al- alpha... but..." Sofia was taken aback by how cold the Alpha was, he was so different. She thought he would be ecstatic to see her, especially when she learned Luna Iris had not yet conceived. This would be his first child and Sofia’s footing in this pack would be solid, especially after how warmly all the people welcomed her. She liked being here. "Alpha, I am carrying your child..." she whimpered, as tears rolled down her cheeks. 
However, what she said only aggravated Cane even more. 
His child?! 
The word triggered something inside of Cane, as he let out a dangerous growl. 
Seeing how enraged the Alpha was, Sofia was so scared for her own and her baby’s lives, she decided to leave the room hastily. She was crying because this was not what she expected. She thought Alpha Cane would be happy for their child. She even occupied the Luna’s bedroom and everything was going so well ever since she arrived in this pack. 
"Cane?" Iris opened her eyes to find Cane seething. Probably sensing his distress, she woke up. "What happened?" 
Iris looked around her, but she couldn’t find anything that could make him look like this. Was it a nightmare? He was having his nightmare again? 
Thinking that was it, Iris pushed herself into a sitting position and cradled his head against her chest, as she ran her fingers through his hair. 
"It’s okay... it’s okay." She patted his tensed back, as Cane hugged her so tightly, listening to the beating of her heart.
###Chapter 413: HIS SOLACE
Chapter 413: HIS SOLACE
Cane didn’t know he could hate something this intensely, but then he didn’t know where to direct this hatred. Was it because the sight of Sofia had triggered something he wanted to bury and didn’t want to remember again? Or, was it how everything around him felt so suffocating? 
He felt this uncontrollable anger and hatred in his heart and wanted to destroy everything around him. He wanted to kill someone, anyone, to quench his murderous desire. He wanted that person to die a miserable death, have their flesh torn bit by bit, screaming in agony, so they would understand his suffering. 
He played in his mind how he would kill this faceless someone, until he felt Iris’ arms wrap around his body and cradle him in her warm embrace. 
Her steady heartbeat was akin to a blanket that doused his dark side with a piece of peace that he craved. He held onto her so tightly, because he didn’t want to be the person in his head right now. 
Cane didn’t want to completely lose himself in the midst of his revenge and kill someone just for his satisfaction alone. That was not the person he wanted to be. 
"Iris..." Cane called her name, squeezed his eyes shut and held onto her like she was his only way to keep his conscience intact. 
Meanwhile, Iris kept holding him tightly in her arms, while patting his stiff shoulders and caressing his head. She tried to ease his tension and desperately wanted to reach out for him, because she felt like he was slipping from her. 
She gave him small kisses on the top of his head, just like how he used to do for her, hoping this would help him come back to her from whatever nightmare he was trapped in. 
Gradually, Cane became a little bit relaxed and his breathing evened out, as he fell asleep in her arms. 
He was akin to a child, who was having a bad dream, holding tightly onto the only person, who he thought could give him protection. 
It was a little bit odd, since he was the strongest one between them two, yet he looked for shelter from her. His solace... 
Cane finally got some peace, after all the turmoil in his head and mind that he tried to hide from the world. It took him three hours to finally wake up and by that time, it was almost time for lunch and Iris’ arms had turned numb. 
"You should have laid me down," Cane said with a frown, while Iris was whimpering when he massaged her numb arms. 
"It didn’t cross my mind," Iris said meekly. She didn’t want to lay him down on the bed, because she liked holding him, but she overestimated her own endurance. Cane’s body was, no doubt, heavy, but she liked his heaviness. 
Cane looked helpless to hear that. "Better?" Iris nodded. "Let’s find something to eat." He glanced at the sun that was already so high. Jace and Ethan must have entertained Alpha Dristan when he did not appear for breakfast. 
He caught a glimpse of the tray of food on the table when Iris moved to get some. His eyes turned violent to see it. 
"Let’s find something to eat," Cane repeated what he said and pulled Iris to her feet, before she could get something from the tray. 
"But, someone already brought us breakfast." She pointed to the tray. 
"It’s cold already." And before Iris could protest, he pecked her lips, which conveniently silenced her, and took her hand. 
============================ 
Aria was already close to six months, her stomach looked so big, as one could see the movement of the baby inside of her, yet her body was still slim and her cheeks were hollow. She was always wearing loose dresses, because she didn’t like the sight of her pregnant belly. She hated the thing inside of her. 
She hated the baby, knowing it was not the seed of the man she loved. She loathed herself for still having these pitiful feelings toward the man that had killed herself. 
Aria remembered her helpless state and how he gave her a death sentence. She remembered how the rope tightened around her neck and her desperation to catch one last glimpse of him before she left the world, leaving her bleeding heart to ache for the last time. 
But then, he didn’t show up. He didn’t even want to see her for one last time. After all they had gone through, after everything she had done for him, after everything she had to endure... he didn’t even show up to see her, until she breathed her last. 
"Lady, do you want me to call the master?" Letto asked. He was a young boy around the age of seventeen and was extremely loyal to Dexter, but right now, his main task was to focus on Aria. 
Aria stared at him without saying anything. She hated them. She was an aggregation of hatred and bitterness, filled with hostility and the thirst for vengeance. 
"Yes, tell him I need his blood." Her voice was so cold while her eyes were so red, almost the color of blood. 
"Yes, yes..." Letto said with a sweet smile. "The baby should be born in around three months from now, the baby would be a healthy and a happy baby." 
Healthy and happy? 
Aria scoffed. Could she even call this a baby when this thing was conceived by dark magic and was carried by someone, supposed to be, dead? 
Whatever it was, she wanted her revenge and if this thing called a baby could give her that, just like what Dexter told her, she would carry it to its full term. 
And the baby moved in her stomach. 
============================= 
"What is it?" Cane asked when Iris suddenly turned around and stopped walking, as she searched for something. He also turned around, but couldn’t see anything that could catch her attention. 
"Nothing." Iris rubbed her nape unconsciously. She was not sure what she felt a moment ago. It was an ominous feeling that lasted just for a brief second...
###Chapter 414: BEING CONSIDERATE
Chapter 414: BEING CONSIDERATE
Because the King would arrive in three days, they were arranging a small welcoming party for him, since it was a custom to greet the sovereign. 
But, using the current situation as an excuse, so as not to provoke tension in the public, they decided to hold the welcoming party moderately. Especially after the death of the five alphas and with the five packs’ problems they needed to sort out looming over them, toning down a little bit on having his lust met would also help make the King look good. 
After all, he brought Lady Cyan and Nala with him, accompanied by his chief of royal guards, Leon. 
Iris’ mood turned even sour when she heard Nala’s name among the entourage of the King. She was not so dense as to not see the desire in that woman’s eyes for her mate. 
Her mood became even more dour when Kaz suggested her to be the coordinator of the party, since it was her job as the Luna of the pack and she couldn’t refuse it. 
It would look bad on her if she rejected the suggestion, especially when that old steward brought it up in front of Alpha Dristan and Sir Elijah. 
People were already seeing her as a failure because she couldn’t conceive a child with Cane even after all this time, not to mention all the time they spent together, thus she didn’t want them to see her fail in her position as the Luna of the pack as well. 
"You don’t need to do it if you don’t want to," Cane said. Unconcealed amusement danced in his eyes when he saw how Iris pulled at her hair in frustration. 
They were inside the Alpha’s study, where Cane was overwhelmed with a lot of things that needed to be done. He didn’t seem to have time to rest and tended to spend most of his time in the study room rather than in his own room with Iris. 
Both of them sat side by side, as Cane asked someone to put an extra table beside his for Iris to use, so she could handle all her paperwork, too. 
"No, I can do it," Iris replied curtly. 
At this point, she looked like an upset little kitten that didn’t want to be touched, as it wouldn’t hesitate to claw your hand if you did. But, when Cane extended his hand and caressed her cheek, she mewled. 
Iris closed her eyes, before she realized it and pushed his hand away from her ear when he started to rub her earlobe. 
"You are distracting me," Iris grumbled. 
"Need help?" 
"No." 
Later on, Iris noticed the different treatment she received from the Howling Wolf pack members compared to Sofia even clearly. 
They gave her the hardest parts of arranging the party like purchasing all the food from the merchants, meeting them one by one and thinking about the activities that they would do as long as the King would be here; to entertain him and some of the important figures who would come with him. More so, Cane had a special request for it. 
Iris thought she would dread her meeting with the merchants, where she had to haggle for the first time, but thankfully, Cane sent his beta and Jace showed her how it should be done. Only then, she realized how petty the Beta was when it came to money, because he would haggle for every penny. 
Meanwhile, Sofia used her pregnancy to not lift a finger while walking around commenting on things Iris did and amazingly, she could find all kinds of flaws in whatever she did. 
Iris had enough of that. 
"Why will everything start after dinner?" Sofia complained again when she saw the new arrangement. "I heard people in the south usually have parties from the morning until late at midnight." 
Sofia confronted Iris in the hallway when she saw her. Beside her, there were two omegas from the Howling Wolf pack and one young woman, who came with Sofia as her personal maid. 
"Because, that’s how it is done in the capital city," Iris said lightly. She stared at Sofia thinking how she felt bad for her in the beginning, but after the way she always tried to find ways to provoke her, she threw her sympathy out of the window. 
Redmond didn’t even want to see her. He stayed away from the pack house and Iris had not seen him ever since they arrived in the Howling Wolf pack. 
"But, this is the south," Sofia said firmly. She lifted her chin, as if they were on equal footing. "You should prepare it the way southerners usually do." 
"What do you know about the south when you are not even a southerner?" Iris kept her voice even. She didn’t lower her head like she used to, nor did she feel timid in front of Sofia. If anything, she felt annoyed by her constant insistence to criticize her work. 
Cane knew what she was doing and he didn’t say anything about it. And for her, as long as her mate didn’t complain, there was nothing wrong with her arrangements. 
"Luna... she will be part of us..." Maria, the head of the kitchen, prompted from the side. 
Iris remembered her from when she spent her time in the kitchen with Ethan and Joel before she left to the capital city and she treated her quite nicely, but it was such a disappointment as she clearly took Sofia’s side, nursing her with the same quality food that she gave to the Alpha, if it was not better. 
"Then why doesn’t she help with anything?" 
"As you can see, Luna, I am pregnant. I really want to help if I can, but currently, I am pregnant with the Alpha’s first child and I have to take good care of our baby," Sofia said softly, as she caressed her stomach gently. 
The sight irritated Iris. 
"Luna, you need to excuse her and be considerate," Maria chimed in timidly. She was being polite to Iris, but it was obvious she just wanted to shield Sofia. 
Something inside Iris turned cold. She had the same gaze just as after Alpha Gill disgraced her.
"I have been considerate enough to let her walk over me countless times when she is only a mistress and the Alpha doesn’t even acknowledge her presence." 
The last statement struck Sofia’s nerves.
###Chapter 415: YOU STILL THINK AS ONE
Chapter 415: YOU STILL THINK AS ONE
Due to her pregnancy, she was used to sleeping early, thus she would fall asleep right after dinner, which meant she wouldn’t be able to attend the real party, because it would only commence after dinner time. 
That was why she was very upset, knowing the southerners usually held parties from morning to morning. That was their custom, after all. Along with an endless sex marathon. 
Sofia wanted to use this as a chance to relive her passionate night with Cane. She really missed the way he manhandled her. 
But, the party would start after dinner, let alone with no sex and neverending alcohol? What kind of party was that? 
"Luna, please calm yourself down, you don’t need to talk so harshly to Sofia. The Alpha is very busy with Alpha Dristan and needs to sort out a few things, but it doesn’t mean he forgot about her." Maria frowned when she heard what Iris said. She looked uncomfortable around Iris, because she was so different from the last time she saw her. "You will hurt her heart." 
Iris stared at Maria coldly. It was fine if Sofia hurt her, but it was not okay when it was the other way around? 
"Are you saying that I am being heartless?" Iris asked, her expression was devoid of any emotion. At this point, she was probably right that she had indeed turned heartless. 
Maria gasped, she put her hand over her chest. "Luna, you are putting words in my mouth." She shook her head. "I will never say something like that." 
"The Alpha has approved everything, if you want to complain, you can go and find him, see if he wants to change it." Using Cane was the best way to get out of this situation, to end this meaningless argumentation, because this strayed too far. 
"Luna, the Alpha is busy right now... and it is you who is responsible for this. Why aren’t you the one who suggests it?" Jemma, Sofia’s maid servant, finally spoke, seeing how Maria could argue with her. 
Iris shifted her attention toward the brown-haired girl, who was standing next to Sofia. She was around her age and was slightly taller than her, but her eyes reminded Iris of Nala. The way she looked at her was also the same as that woman. Someone, who couldn’t remember their own status. 
"Is this the decorum in the East? A maid can talk and even argue with the Luna?" Iris’ voice trickled with viciousness. For a moment there, she felt this sudden anger that rose up within her. The anger she felt when she stabbed Alpha Gill ruthlessly. 
It seemed, Iris was not as unbothered as she tried to hide how she felt about whatever that transpired with Alpha Gill. Seemingly because she always suppressed her own feelings and memories, she looked fine on the surface, but the trauma was still there, messing up her mind. 
"Luna Iris, we used to be slaves," Jill said grimly, she was another omega, who was with Maria, following Sofia everywhere. 
Maria nudged the girl beside her, because she knew what she was trying to imply and this conversation had gone too far from their initial intention to meet with Iris. 
"And you still think as one," Iris replied darkly and turned around, leaving them behind her, because she could feel she was going to lose control over her anger. 
This feeling was a mixture of the disrespect they showed toward her and her unaddressed trauma. Her whole body was shaking when she walked away from them. 
"I can’t believe she said something like that!" Jill got irritated when she was called a slave. "She knows very well what her father had done to us, right?" 
Maria nudged her again to shut her mouth. 
Meanwhile, Sofia glanced at Jemma, who then tried to placate Jill. "It’s okay, she is probably very tired from a long journey." 
"What tired? She has been running around here and there," Jill scoffed, crossing her arms in front of her chest. "She even tried to emphasize her status as the Luna of the pack, as if the people in the pack would look at her twice if Alpha Cane didn’t mark her." 
"Jill!" Maria warned her sternly and then she tried to change the topic and console Sofia, because she couldn’t attend the actual party. "I will make your favorite food, okay? Don’t be sad." 
Sofia nodded meekly, while caressing her stomach. 
============================ 
"Are you not going to do anything about this situation?" Jace asked Cane, as they walked back to the pack house from the training ground. Arthur reported about something important related to the spies that he put in the Celestial Moon pack. "I thought you care about her." 
"She can handle it." 
Jace was talking about the blatant favoritism that the pack displayed. They were very clear in showing how they favored Sofia more because she was supposedly carrying Cane’s child. 
"Are you sure?" Jace frowned. He couldn’t understand the Alpha at this point. 
Cane obviously showed Iris’ importance for him, as he didn’t hold himself back from being affectionate with her in public, only he didn’t do anything to stop them and let Iris handle it. What was he trying to imply with his actions? 
"She doesn’t need help." 
Jace frowned even more. "Why don’t you tell them all that Sofia is pregnant with Redmond’s baby? You can make things clear sooner and the woman can stop flaunting her bulging stomach." 
Hearing that question, Cane simply glanced at his beta and walked away, rendering Jace speechless because he couldn’t get anything out of his mouth. 
"A little bit of explanation will be nice, you know," Jace grumbled. 
In the Beta’s mind, the reason why Cane kept mum was, of course, because with this the King would stop pestering him about the deal of producing an heir for the pack. It would also disperse the small whispers about his infertility, since they knew what Gerald had done to him, though it was not a big issue, being limited just to a few whispers here and there. 
But, Jace was not sure about the details of his reasoning.
### 
Meet me on instagram @jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 416: DISRESPECT
Chapter 416: DISRESPECT
They knew what Gerald had done to him and there were whispers here and there about his infertility because Iris had not yet conceived. 
Moreover, Cane didn’t need to explain where he had gone that night, the very night he was supposed to spend with Sofia. 
Jace knew that Cane also noticed, by keeping Sofia close and not revealing the fact that the baby was not his would put Iris in a difficult and uncomfortable situation. In addition, with this, they could buy some time for themselves to strengthen their stronghold before everything went down. 
Because if the Alpha’s infertility was exposed, the King would see it as a chance; as there would be no reason to let Cane be the Alpha of the pack anymore, since that was the same reason Cane used to drag down Mason from stepping up to the Alpha’s position, pinpointing he couldn’t have an heir of his own. That was how important an heir was for someone like him. 
It was not the right time yet. They were not strong enough to wage a war against the royals. The forces they assembled thus far were not enough. 
At the very least, that was how Jace saw the situation. 
"Where is my mate?" Cane asked, as he walked toward the pack house with Jace following behind him. 
"I think she must be in the kitchen, overlooking the making of the dishes that will be served for the King later." Jace didn’t know Iris’ schedule to the smallest detail, but from what he learned, since Cane would often ask about her, she must be there right now. 
Cane nodded and walked into the pack house. 
Needless to say, the Beta could guess where he would go, but the sight when they just arrived there, simply made Jace’s blood run cold. Three omegas were confronting Iris. 
The three of them were the help in the kitchen. Jace knew them quite well, as he used to come to the kitchen and ask for food in the middle of the night, since his work did not allow him to sleep peacefully. 
"Luna Iris, it is not fair for you to exclude lady Sofia from the dinner with the King." Aira looked at Iris with a frown, as she dared enough to talk to the Luna with such an attitude. 
"She can come if she wants." Iris’ reply sounded unbothered, she looked at them one by one. Her blue eyes were slightly dim. "I never ed to her coming." 
"But, the dinner is so late, you know lady Sofia will be asleep by that time," the other omega chimed in. 
Because of her pregnancy, Sofia started to sleep very early, that was why she had not bumped into Cane during dinner. And during breakfast, she didn’t dare to pull the same trick as before after seeing how scary the Alpha could be. Moreover, Cane preferred to have his breakfast delivered to his bedroom, so he could have a quiet breakfast with his mate. 
Iris looked so aloof when she explained this, as if she was reading a book. "The King usually has dinner around that time." 
"How do you know that?" Aira didn’t look satisfied with the explanation. 
"Because I have had dinner with the King a few times." Iris didn’t show any emotions and she answered their questions one by one with composed detachment. This was akin to an interrogation if one could say. 
"But..." 
"Do you want me to ask the King to adjust his schedule for Lady Sofia?" Iris tilted her head. "That sounds a little bit arrogant." 
Meanwhile, outside of the kitchen, Jace stared at Cane. He couldn’t tell what was running in his mind while overhearing this conversation, but he knew the Alpha didn’t appreciate the way those omegas spoke to his mate. 
The Beta had finally come to terms with the importance of Iris in Cane’s heart. It was not just on the surface, as Cane truly cared about her. 
"Don’t you want to intervene?" Jace asked Cane, but the Alpha didn’t budge. He just kept listening. 
Actually, this quiet Cane was pretty intimidating and rather scary. 
"That’s not what we want to say," Aira said immediately, then she scoffed. "Jill is right, you always put words in someone else’s mouth. You know I don’t mean it that way." 
But, before they could argue even more, their bodies stiffened, as they turned around out of instinct after feeling a strong presence. Their hearts thumped wildly inside their chests to see the Alpha standing not too far from them. The doorway framed his figure perfectly, as his dark eyes fell on them. 
He walked into the kitchen and the atmosphere became tense. 
"Any problem here?" Cane asked, he kissed Iris’ forehead and could feel how tense his mate was. She was clearly holding back her emotions. 
"No, not really, Alpha." Aira shook her head, followed by the other two girls. They were trying to find a way to escape, as they resigned themselves. 
"Did I allow you to leave?" Cane asked. He didn’t raise his voice, but his tone dripped with so much coldness. 
Their bodies stiffened hearing the question, as they immediately lowered their heads. 
Cane pulled out a chair for Iris and told her to sit down, but then he mouthed to her. ’Need help?’ This time, Iris lowered her head and stared at her fingers. She didn’t answer him. 
Cane had asked the same question several times before, but she would always reply with a firm ’no’, yet it hurt her to see how she couldn’t handle the situation the way she wanted. 
Not only did they not accept her, they didn’t even try to warm up to her on the surface. The only thing they needed to do was be polite to her, since she was the Luna, yet they couldn’t do that. If anything, they became a little bit rude to her. 
"Call all the omegas who work in the kitchen. Maria especially," Cane ordered Jace, who immediately gathered all the people Cane wanted. 
Meanwhile, Iris sat on the chair with Cane standing behind her as he placed his hands on her shoulders. He looked at the three omegas callously and then went to brew a pot of tea for himself. 
When one of them tried to help, Cane glanced at her sharply, which made her stop in her tracks as she immediately lowered her head and fell beside the other omegas. 
### 
Meet me on instagram @jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 417: THE TITLE OF THE MISTRESS
Chapter 417: THE TITLE OF THE MISTRESS
It didn’t take long for Maria and all the omegas, who worked in the kitchen, to gather there. They wondered why they were called over, but immediately quieted down when they saw their alpha’s dark expression. 
But, despite that, it was the Alpha himself who served a cup of tea for his mate, who had been very quiet all this time. 
Cane glanced at her briefly, but he couldn’t figure out what was going on inside that pretty head of hers. He couldn’t read her expression, which was devoid of any emotion. This fact alone bothered him. 
Around forty omegas stood before the Alpha, waiting anxiously to learn the reason they were called here. They could sense something was completely wrong with this whole situation. The tension in the air was very suffocating. 
And when the Alpha finally swept his dark gaze over all of them, they felt their hearts stop beating. The Alpha was crazy angry. If not mad enraged. They lowered their heads even more, until their chins touched their chests. The three omegas, who confronted the Luna until a few moments ago, were no exception either. 
Aira and the other two felt self conscious. They realized they had crossed their boundaries as omegas by criticizing their luna rudely. 
"Is there something you want to say about the arrangements the Luna made for the dinner with the royal family?" Cane asked, he was firm, as his voice echoed in this quiet kitchen. 
Jace himself could feel how thick the air was right now. The tension was so real. The Alpha was mad because of the disrespect the pack members had constantly shown to Iris. 
Never in his wild dreams did he think Cane would be so livid like this because of Iris. 
No, Ethan indeed didn’t exaggerate Cane’s affection toward Iris, because the Beta had never seen the Alpha would be so mad at his pack members like this. He tended to not make a fuss over small mistakes and made it clear what he liked and disliked, but he never gave off a threatening aura like he did right now. 
Jace carefully recalled his actions toward Iris, just in case, he got on the Alpha’s bad side without him knowing it... 
On the other hand, half of the omegas were still confused, but some of them knew what the problem was, especially Maria. Her heart skipped a beat, realizing what this was about. She squeezed her hands anxiously and her heart dropped to her stomach when Jill raised her hand to voice out her opinion. 
Cane’s dark eyes fell on the said omega. 
Maria tried to tug at her sleeve, reminding her as usual how inappropriate it was. Among all the omegas there, Jill was the person who was particularly vocal about her dislike toward Iris. If she spoke all of the things she said to her, Maria was afraid she would be punished severely. 
Unfortunately, the young omega didn’t believe the Alpha would do that to his pack member for a woman like Iris. She was a runt and deaf, someone who was not a match for the Alpha. 
"Alpha, the Luna is intentionally excluding Lady Sofia from the party," Jill started, raising her head. For an omega, she was quite brave. It was a pity, she was not really sharp to read the room. "We only asked her to reconsider the arrangement because Lady Sofia will be so sad if she can’t attend." 
"Lady Sofia?" Cane narrowed his eyes at her choice of words, which made the omega cower. "Since when did she become a lady of this pack?" 
The title was for the mistress of the Alpha and they assumed she was one of Cane’s mistresses, since it went without saying, she was carrying the Alpha’s firstborn. 
"She is pregnant with your child, Alpha... so..." Jill bit her lip, she felt dreadful and under the pressure when the Alpha stared at her so intensely like this. Her voice trailed off. 
"Who told you to address her as such?" Cane stood next to Iris, who was still sitting on the chair, she seemed to have tuned out her surroundings. Without her looking at them, there was no way for her to know what they were talking about. 
The only thing she knew was, Cane was mad. He reprimanded them on her behalf, but then what? No matter how brilliant Cane was, he couldn’t make them like her, especially by punishing them. It would only fuel their dislike toward her even more... 
Iris felt like she was walking on eggshells in this pack. People would hate her no matter what she did. Whether she stood up for herself or Cane was the one who did it, it didn’t matter, they wouldn’t see her as part of them. 
One of the reasons why she wanted Cane to stay away from this. 
"Sir Kaz... Sir Kaz told us to be respectful to la- to Sofia," Aira replied, because Jill couldn’t find her voice anymore, as she was so afraid to utter even a single word under the Alpha’s sharp eyes. 
Hearing that, Cane turned his attention to Jace again. "Call Kaz here and a few warriors." 
"Yes, Alpha." Jace was not sure why he wanted a few warriors to be there, but he knew Kaz would need an excellent explanation to douse the Alpha’s rage. 
Meanwhile, the silence inside the kitchen was very suffocating, they thought they would lose their voices if this continued. 
The only sound they could hear was the crackling firewood in the firepit, which made the room become so warm, they started sweating, yet they didn’t even dare to wipe their sweat off, as they stared at the floor solemnly. 
It didn’t take long for Kaz to enter the kitchen, followed by two warriors. One of them was Stone and the other was Avid. Grilla and Amee came as well when they heard the Alpha called all the omegas that worked in the kitchen. 
"Alpha." Kaz approached Cane, he looked around him and fear crept up his skin, as he didn’t know what was waiting for him, since Beta Jace didn’t say anything. 
"You put that woman in the Luna’s bedroom and then you told everyone to call her ’Lady’?
### 
Meet me on instagram @jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 418: YOU ARE NOT MY PEOPLE
Chapter 418: YOU ARE NOT MY PEOPLE
"You put that woman in the Luna’s bedroom and then you told everyone to call her ’Lady’?" 
The question came as a statement instead. At this point, all of them could see how livid the Alpha was to hear someone pronouncing a woman as his mistress. 
Kaz was once again dumbstruck by Cane’s reaction. He couldn’t understand why the Alpha was so different, or maybe he simply didn’t know his alpha enough to begin with. 
"Alpha... she is..." Kaz swallowed his saliva with difficulty, as he glanced at the Alpha briefly, but he regretted it immediately, as all words deserted his mind. The sight of Cane’s expression right now was so terrifying. 
"You did that?" Cane emphasized his question. 
"Y- yes, Alpha..." Kaz stuttered, he stole a glance at Iris, who said nothing the whole time. What was this? Was this because the Luna complained to the Alpha about something? What did she say to make the Alpha so mad at them? 
Even Jace had a hard time understanding Cane’s affection toward Iris, even with the help of Ethan’s explanation and warnings, let alone these people, who saw their alpha as a cold and calculative man. 
It never crossed their minds that their alpha would genuinely care about Alpha Gerald’s daughter, especially when he and Iris just arrived four days back and both of them were so busy with a lot of things. 
"Lady Sofia... she is pregnant with your child, Alpha... she is blessed by the moon goddess to carry your heir." 
And then, Kaz made a huge mistake by glancing in Iris’ direction again. It was very subtle, but when someone as observant as Cane was paying his full attention to you, such a gesture wouldn’t go unnoticed by him. 
His anger turned his eyes golden, which made all of them kneel before him, begging for his forgiveness, though some of them were not sure what the exact reason behind his anger was. 
Amee was mortified, because she could understand what Kaz was trying to imply. She had warned him not to think that way because there was no proof the baby in Sofia’s stomach was Cane’s child. She knew it was not Cane’s, but she couldn’t tell anyone about it. 
Yet, Kaz was very sure, his argumentation was; the Alpha didn’t reject the woman and didn’t say anything about it. 
Yes, the Alpha didn’t reject the woman, but he didn’t acknowledge her either. In fact, he completely ignored her existence. 
Amee had warned Kaz, but the old steward didn’t bother to listen to her. 
"Throw him into the dungeon!" Cane was livid beyond words, what Kaz did triggered him; he implied how Iris was not able to conceive his child. 
It was him. The problem in this matter lay with him, but Iris was the one who took the brunt, and here she was, saying nothing about it when they disrespected her in such a way. 
Had they done the same in front of her, too? Talked to her directly about it? 
And the fact no one was suspicious about his infertility was proof enough that Iris didn’t say anything to defend herself. 
"Alpha!" Kaz lifted his head, feeling dreadful for himself. 
"Throw him into the dungeon and the four of them as well!" Cane was seeing red. He couldn’t control his anger at this point. He felt the anger and humiliation consume him. 
"Alpha! Please, forgive me! Forgive me!" Kaz pleaded with Cane, as did Aira, Jill and the other two omegas, who confronted Iris, while the rest of them trembled in fear. This was the first time for them to see this side of their alpha. 
Because all this time, the Alpha had been a kind and caring person, someone, who would protect them and they could follow blindly. 
And now Cane’s harsh decision evoked a mixture of emotions within them. They were afraid of him more than ever. 
His golden eyes were a clear evidence of how livid the Alpha was right now. His beast came to the surface, which was the cause of his eyes turning gold. It was only seen in the shifters of royal bloodline when they showed a deep emotion and at this moment, it was anger. 
"Alpha! Please! Luna! Forgive me!" Jill and Aira along with the other two omegas called for Iris, but soon they realized it was a waste of energy, since their luna was deaf. If she wasn’t looking at them, she couldn’t hear them. 
"Alpha, I am sorry! Please, not the dungeon! Not the dungeon!" 
Being thrown into the dungeon was not a simple punishment, as it brought back a lot of traumatizing memories for all of them. It was a place they didn’t want to visit, and now the Alpha was being so cruel by sending them back there for a simple matter. They didn’t even hurt the Luna! 
Avid and Stone were having a hard time hauling the five people, who refused to leave, away. Seeing this, Jace called ten more guards to help. 
The Beta grimaced at this sight, but of course, he was wise enough not to question Cane’s decision and plead with him for him to reconsider their predicament. 
When the commotion grew, Iris stood up, she felt so suffocated to be there even a little bit longer. She didn’t even touch the cup of tea Cane brewed for her. 
Seeing that, Jill and Kaz immediately approached Iris, as they knelt down in front of her, gripping the hem of her dress. 
"Luna, please! This is a misunderstanding!" Kaz wailed. "You are so different from your father, you need to tell the truth to the Alpha that we didn’t do anything outrageous!" 
"Luna! We didn’t do anything to harm you! This punishment is too cruel." 
Iris stared at them, but she didn’t show any emotions when she finally spoke. "You never thought of me as your luna," she stated and took a step back, so they could release her dress. "I don’t think of you as my people either." 
Her statement shocked everyone there, including Cane. 
After saying that, Iris turned around and left the kitchen. 
### 
Meet me on instagram @jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 419: THE NEW REALIZATION
Chapter 419: THE NEW REALIZATION
Cane realized something new about Iris now. 
Whenever she was very hurt, she numbed herself and turned very cold, aloof to her surroundings. It almost looked like she could see someone bleed to death and not even give a damn about it, while her normal self would have cried her heart out looking for help. 
She turned herself into that emotionless and callous person, as she tuned out the world completely. 
Iris’ statement earlier not only surprised Cane, but the small crowd as well, since they didn’t think the timid and soft spoken luna could say such a thing. 
In the back of their minds, seeing how Iris was not an insensitive person, they thought she would help Kaz and the others when they begged her for help. 
Probably, what she had done for them had backfired until these people thought she was a pushover. They always thought she was ready to help them, because she felt guilty for what her father had done to them and would swallow everything that was thrown at her if they showed her a little bit of kindness back. 
"Take care of the people here," Cane said darkly to Jace, as he followed Iris out of the kitchen. He ignored Kaz and the others’ plea to show some mercy on themselves. They apologized for their behavior, but it was a little too late for them to do so. 
More so, the apology should be directed to the Luna, not the Alpha. They still had their remorse misplaced. 
"Yes, Alpha." Jace nodded solemnly, too afraid to look at Cane right now, because he really took the role as an alpha now, the Beta was too afraid to even call him by his name. 
Kaz, Jill and the others wailed, struggling to fight Stone, Avid and the other warriors, who dragged them toward the dungeon. It was less than a year since they were finally free from that place, but now they had to go straight back there. 
"Alpha! Alpha! Have mercy on us! Alpha!" 
The pleading soon disappeared as Cane walked a distance away from them, following Iris closely, but he didn’t approach her. He maintained ten steps distance from her, enough for his mate to know he was there, but also gave her the space she needed right now. 
All the people that she met along this hallway, would give her a small nod out of politeness, or straight up ignore her, as if she was invisible, but then, Iris didn’t seem to care about their attitude at all. She simply walked ahead aimlessly. 
Meanwhile, the people who saw Cane would stop and bow their heads solemnly and even greet him warmly. 
This was a stark difference that Cane could see. Now he finally saw how bad the situation with his pack members was. The old traumas and wounds had prevented them from seeing Iris for who she was and with her of often being away from the pack, they didn’t really bond with her well. 
This was a flaw on his part, as he overlooked what was happening among his people. He was too occupied with looking at the bigger picture, laying traps and scheming his way to get what he wanted, and he failed to notice his surroundings. 
It was Iris who had been dealing with his flaws, by stepping up and taking care of his people. 
Amidst his schemes, Cane tended to categorize people as a bunch of valuable and invaluable things, based on whether he could use them or not. He couldn’t help it. When you were in his position, constantly thinking to make the best out of everything, you would eventually harden your heart. 
Cane thought Iris could handle it. That it was a lesson she needed to learn in order to come out of her shell. She was too caring and kind for her own good. 
And now the lesson was learned. Iris stood up for herself and talked firmly without a trace of timidity. But Cane was uncomfortable with this version of her. He was not familiar with her callousness. 
Iris walked around the garden and down a few hallways, then went to the back yard, where she sat down under a huge tree, taking shelter under its shade from the harsh sunlight. 
She pulled her legs close to her chest and rested her chin on top of her knees as she hugged herself, while staring into the distance. 
Cane approached her slowly and sat down next to her when he didn’t see any reaction from her. 
They sat down there in silence, while wind blew on their faces, playing with their hair, fluttering her dress. 
It was not clear how long they sat there in silence, but when the sun was about to touch the horizon and the sky had turned a few shades of red, Cane caressed her head. 
"Let’s go back," Cane said, but because Iris wasn’t looking his way, he changed his position and sat down in front of her, blocking her view of the vast land before their eyes. He made sure she looked at him when he spoke again. "It will be dark soon, let’s go back." 
"Where?" Iris asked. Her coldness and callousness had faded away, but she looked so exhausted, as if she had lost all of her energy. 
"Go back home." 
"That’s not my home. It will never be. I don’t belong to this pack." 
Now another realization struck Cane that he didn’t realize before. He was usually surrounded by people, who would die for him, believe him almost blindly and follow him everywhere, showing him the affection of a family, as he thought of them as the same. 
Cane lost all of his family, he was the only survivor and these people filled the gaps in his heart by not letting him feel alone, as he had them to rely on. 
But, it was a different case for Iris. She had no one. Aside from Hanna, she literally had no one. 
The family she had, couldn’t be considered as family, as they left deep scars on her. Both mentally and physically. 
### 
Meet me on instagram @jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 420: AGONY
Chapter 420: AGONY
"That’s not my home. It will never be. I don’t belong to this pack." Iris came to the conclusion, finally deciding she was tired of trying to fit in. 
If after everything she had done, they still turned their backs on her so easily, literally still viewing her as an outsider, then there was nothing she could do no matter what. 
Cane moved closer to her and caressed her head, coaxing her to look at him. "I already sent them to the dungeon, what do you want me to do to them?" 
"Does it even matter?" Iris asked, her blue eyes uncharacteristically dim. Sadness trickled from her voice. "They will hate me anyway." 
Cane understood that. Her standing up for herself would only leave the already awkward relationship between her and the pack members even more strained while his involvement didn’t solve the matter. The depth of the problem was way deeper than Cane could control. 
"I will make sure they will not disrespect you again." 
However, the problem was beyond that. What Iris wanted was their acceptance, them respecting her, didn’t mean they would accept her. 
Iris told Cane how she felt. 
"Is it too much for me to ask to be accepted by the pack? After everything I have done?" Iris gritted her teeth, she felt emotional again and she hated herself for it. She didn’t want to cry, but tears threatened to fall from her eyes anyway. 
The pain returned and it was too strong for her to numb her feelings again. 
"I did everything I could do to help them! I took the beatings when I tried to help you all! But, it never stopped me! I continued to help you with whatever I could, despite all my weaknesses! I keep trying to help, but why can’t they still accept me!?" 
Iris was screaming at this point, warm tears fell down her cheeks. She was so fed up with the way they treated her. 
"Why is it so hard for them to accept me when I did nothing, but help them?!" Iris swatted Cane’s hands away so harshly, she could feel her wrist throb in pain immediately, but she ignored that. 
She was in so much pain than she could say. 
"I never tried to harm them, nor did I have the intention to do so! But, why do they keep hurting me?!" Iris was seething, her whole body was shaking. "You can see it yourself, Cane. There is no way you can’t see the way they look at me! They see me as an outsider, they still see me as Gerald’s daughter! There is nothing I can do to change their perspectives! I didn’t want to forgive them!"
Iris knew there was nothing Cane could do to change their perspectives either. A person’s heart was not something you could easily understand and mould, the way you did with your schemes. 
But, Iris was very tired of being understanding, she wanted to be selfish and let him know how hurt she was. 
"When they begged for forgiveness from me, I didn’t want to forgive them! I don’t feel like I want to forgive them! So, why did they expect me to forgive them and blame me for not meeting their expectations?! Why would I forgive them when my heart does not want to?! 
"Why did I become a bad person when I didn’t want to forgive them?! I don’t owe them anything! Why do they look at me like I am an evil person for the way I feel when they could feel anything about me?! They picture me as an evil person because I can’t forgive them, but why don’t they feel sorry for treating me badly in the first place?!" 
Iris felt petty and shallow for bringing up all the things she had done for them, but she was in so much agony right now, she detached herself from other feelings and worries. 
Alpha Gallot was right. Hurt people, hurt people. 
And right now, she wanted to hurt Cane with her words and make him feel guilty. She knew the blame was not completely on him, but Iris wanted him to hurt. Because she was in so much pain, she wanted him to feel it too. 
"Just because I am deaf, doesn’t mean I don’t know what they are talking about! I am not stupid! I am not an idiot! Why do they degrade me and think I am not smart enough! I know what they are saying about me, I am not stupid! I am a runt, but I am not stupid!" 
At this point, Iris was hysterical, she simply said whatever crossed her mind. Her words were jumbled up and she even sounded incoherent at one point, as she jumped from one thing to the other. 
Cane felt this pang in his heart when he saw her in so much pain. "I am sorry." 
"I don’t want your ’sorry’!" 
But then, Iris didn’t know what she wanted either, she didn’t know what she wanted him to say and this frustrated her even further, sending her into a spiral of endless emotions. 
And when Cane saw she was losing her control, as her emotions overwhelmed her, he moved closer to hug her, but she pushed him away with all of her strength and stood up. She staggered a bit before she started running into the forest. 
At this time, it was already dark and it was not safe for her to wander out there, especially inside the forest. 
Without a second thought, Cane immediately stood up and chased after her. It was not hard for him to finally stop her, but Iris was beyond furious, as she struggled to free herself from him. 
"No! Don’t go there!" Cane would let her go wherever she wanted, but not the forest. 
"Let go!" Iris screamed at him, this was the first time for her to consciously fight him, and then she saw it again, the black wisp... no, the soft smoke formed into a wolf, the same shape as what she saw before, but it was in the color of black, yet Cane didn’t seem to see it. 
### 
Meet me on instagram @jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 421: NA...
Chapter 421: NA...
This soft smoke in the shape of wolf was in the same color as Cane’s wolf and this gave off the same feeling as when she saw a similar thing appear when Alpha Gill tried to disgrace her. But Cane didn’t seem to see it. He didn’t give any indication that he did, even though the black smoke floated above his head, as if it was a living thing. 
"Calm down, Iris!" Cane said sternly, he didn’t want to hurt her, but she wouldn’t stop struggling to get away from him and rush further into the forest. "You can go anywhere, but not the forest!" 
He would let her do whatever she wanted to vent out her anger, but not to the point of endangering herself. 
However, Iris couldn’t take it anymore, she felt so suffocated to be in that pack. She didn’t want to return to that place and be in that awkward situation with them anymore, especially after what happened with Kaz and the others. 
They bonded with each other like family and with her not forgiving them, she could imagine what kind of judgment they would throw at her. 
Yes, Cane could prevent them from disrespecting her, but it was not the same when you were being respected genuinely. 
Iris was desperate, she didn’t want to go back, she didn’t want to see them at all! She wanted to leave. 
Being a snack for the monsters probably would be a better choice than having to prolong her suffering under their judgmental gazes. 
In her desperation, Iris managed to free one hand and grab the smoke, which was in the shape of a wolf and squeezed it. She did that out of instinct, her last attempt to free herself from Cane and his people. She didn’t want to go back. 
"Ah!" Cane dropped to his knees and clutched at his chest, as he let go of Iris’ hands. He felt this sharp and sudden pain in his chest, which made his whole body shake. It almost felt like someone just squeezed his heart and it stopped for a second. 
On the other hand, Iris was stunned to see Cane writhe in so much pain. She froze, unable to move, as Cane breathed raggedly, clutching at his chest. His face contorted, showing how agonized he was feeling and this snapped Iris back to reality. 
She remembered Alpha Gill was also in so much pain when she strangled the smoke in the shape of a wolf that hovered around him. 
What was going on? 
"C- Cane?" Iris stammered when she realized what she had done. "Cane? Are you okay?" All of her grievances were replaced with worries, as she dropped to her knees and tried to check on him. "Are you in pain? Cane? Say something..." 
Iris was trembling when she reached out her hands to cradle his face. Cane closed his eyes, as a distressed crease could be seen between his eyes. He was trying to breathe, while clutching at his chest. Iris had never seen him being in so much pain like this before, even when he shifted into his lycan form, he was not like this. 
The horrifying thing was; Iris knew that Cane had a high tolerance to pain, thus if he was in this kind of state, it must be very unbearable for him. 
"Cane, I am sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you... I am sorry." Iris was so distraught, she felt so guilty for hurting him. 
She was not sure what that wolf shaped smoke was, but now she was sure, strangling it caused so much pain. Haco’s opinion was; it was their spirit, their wolf. Was it that? She harmed Cane’s spirit? She harmed him? 
"Cane, I am sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you..." Iris didn’t know what to do now. She was afraid something bad would happen to him. She remembered when Aria wanted to break the mate bond between Iris and Cane and what came after that. "Cane, what should I do?"
Cane shook his head, but he couldn’t utter a single word, as the pain overwhelmed him. Every time he breathed, he felt like someone twisted a knife in his chest. The pain was too much for him to bear, but he was still able to hear Iris’ distressed voice, calling his name. He wanted to reassure her that he only needed a moment to let this pain pass, but he couldn’t. 
Cane felt like he was surrounded by darkness and someone pulled him down, wanting to bury him. He felt his body sink deeper and deeper while Iris’ voice felt so far. 
Cane wanted to open his eyes to see if Iris was still with him and didn’t go to the forest, because he didn’t think he could follow her, but when he could finally open his eyes, he saw a figure right in front of him, staring at him with his red eyes. 
He could feel the anger... 
And that was the last thing Cane remembered, as he sunk into the abyss of the darkness. 
Meanwhile, Iris couldn’t stop shaking, as she shouted his name a few more times seeing that Cane didn’t respond to her. His body was so cold and her anxiety hit the roof when all of a sudden Cane’s body relaxed and he dropped his hands that were clutching his chest. 
He fell to the ground and this made Iris scream, a strong panic attack hit her so hard, she almost couldn’t breathe herself. 
Did she kill him? What had she done?! 
"C- Cane...? Cane, please, you are scaring me..." Iris cried so hard, her tears blurred her vision, as she clasped her hands hard and prayed like crazy to the goddesses that he would be fine. "Cane, please open your eyes, you are scaring me..." 
However, before Iris could check his breathing, Cane opened his eyes and she breathed in relief, but then she saw his red eyes. That red color was the reddest color she had ever seen and this stopped Iris from touching him. 
Cane pushed his body off the ground, as if nothing happened, then stared at her. "Na..."
###Chapter 422: LU
Chapter 422: LU
Cane looked fine when he pushed his body off of the ground, he was no longer having a hard time breathing, but when he lifted his head to look at Iris, the sight of his eyes made her stop in her tracks from touching him. 
"Na..." Cane whispered. 
It was his face, it was him who was sitting in front of her, but Iris felt like she had lost Cane. What was going on? Why did his eyes turn red? That was the same color as... the lycan’s eyes. 
"Na..." Cane whispered again, he moved closer to Iris, but out of instinct, she backed away from him, which made him frown at this gesture. He didn’t like her being away from him. "Don’t go, don’t be angry, I promise I will be good." 
The furrow between her brows deepened when she read what he said. What did he mean by that?! 
"Wh- what?" 
"Na, I promise I will be good. I will not hurt people. I will not kill them." Cane moved closer to Iris and rested his head on her lap, as he guided her hand to caress his head. "I will be good, I promise you." 
Iris was dumbstruck, what was going on right now?! What did Cane mean by his words? She couldn’t understand what he was talking about. 
What had she done to him, which caused him to act so strangely right now? 
"Cane?" Iris caressed his head dumbfoundedly, because he wanted her to do so, as he closed his eyes, ready to fall back asleep. "Cane, is that... you?" 
Iris was not sure if she was right about her conjecture, but her mind told her the worst case scenario that she thought was too wild to happen actually happened. 
"Cane?" Iris called his name again. "Cane, is that you? Answer me." 
Cane opened his eyes again and they were still in the color of red, but he didn’t say anything, instead, he brought her hand to his lips and kissed her knuckles gently, this gesture sent a shiver down her spine. His lips were so cold, his skin was so cold and deep down, Iris knew it was not her mate... 
Iris didn’t know how to describe it, but she simply knew it, just like how she purified the black magic stones, or how she could sense dark magic, it just happened. 
"This is not you, Cane..." Iris felt suffocated, she was at a loss. What had she done? What had she done to her mate? 
Cane shifted his attention to Iris’ face and then let go of her hand, as he extended his hand to wipe away the tears that were now rolling down her cheeks without her knowledge. 
"You can call me with whatever name you want, but don’t cry. I don’t want to see you cry." Cane brought his fingers, wet from her tears, to his mouth and licked them. "I never liked your tears." 
"You are not Cane," Iris said, her whole body trembling. Where is he? Who is this person on her lap? Was this... "You are the lycan." The words came out as a soft whisper, her voice trembled at the end knowing she was right about it. 
It was not Cane, it was the lycan that had been residing inside of him. If the lycan came to the surface and took over his consciousness, what happened to Cane? 
What had she done to cause this? 
"You are the lycan, right?" 
Cane’s red eyes dimmed, but instead of answering Iris’ question, he hugged her waist protectively. 
"Can you... can you give him back?" 
"No." 
"Why?" 
"I don’t want to."
Iris bit her lips, she stared at Cane’s face, but it didn’t feel like him. She was angry with him, she was angry with the members of his pack, but she didn’t wish something like this to happen. 
"I need him... can you give him back?" Strangely, Iris talked to the lycan as if she had done it several times before, or probably, it was true in a sense. 
"You don’t need him, he is just a nuisance," Cane said, he played with her hair that now cascaded around his face. "Tell me the story about the little girl and the monster. Your favorite story." 
Iris remembered her telling the story to him during the new moon the night they were in the Alpha Gallot’s pack, the very night Redmond took Cane’s place to bed Sofia. 
So, the lycan did hear what she said? 
"Tell me that story, I want to hear it again..." Cane nudged her arm to get her attention. "I want to hear your voice." 
Iris’ mind swirled wildly, as she had a lot of questions and was too shocked to realize what to do with this whole situation. 
A lot of things happened in the span of a day. 
"Tell me the story and I will tell you mine." 
Iris felt her throat turn dry, as if she just swallowed sand. "Lu?" She tried and Cane smiled. 
"Yes?" He lifted his head slightly, so he could get a better look at the auburn haired woman. "I always love the way you call my name. My sweet Serafim. I finally found you again... I will protect you within the shadows of the dark. I will always be with you. I will find you no matter where you are. You are mine to protect, you are mine to love. Even when death tears us apart, I will find you again." 
The last statement shocked Iris. She had heard the oath being said before, but she forgot about it the moment she woke up from her dream. 
And now, this lycan repeated every single word perfectly. He chanted it in a way she heard it in the first place. 
And then... a Serafim? His sweet Serafim? 
But then, Cane pushed himself off of the ground again and moved so fast to shield Iris behind his back when he sensed someone coming their way. 
"Cane! Come here, there is a reply from the Celestial Moon pack!" Ethan waved his hand at the Alpha.
###Chapter 423: OLD FRIEND
Chapter 423: OLD FRIEND
Iris was startled when Cane suddenly took a defensive stance. His face contorted while his eyes glinted dangerously. 
What was going on? Iris tried to peek over his shoulder only to see Ethan walk toward them hastily. His face was slightly confused at the way Cane glared and growled at him. 
"I have an important report for you from the Celestial Moon pack," Ethan repeated what he said earlier, he thought Cane didn’t hear him. "Cane?" He tilted his head and saw Iris behind him. "Luna, can you tell him to stop growling at me? I am being serious now." 
Ethan had been away when the confrontation in the kitchen happened and he was overwhelmed with the new tasks Cane gave him to have time to get his knowledge updated over what was happening. 
"Ethan, I think you can’t come over," Iris said hastily, as she grabbed Cane’s shirt, as if it would stop him if he really wanted to attack the gamma. "Stop!" 
Ethan stopped walking. He was ten steps away from them and now, because of Iris’ warning and him being a little bit closer, he could see Cane’s eyes shining in red color. He was not sure whether he saw the right thing, because the only light here was from the pack house in the distance. It was not too dark, but it was not bright either. 
"What is happening here?" Ethan asked, dumbfounded. "What happened to him?" He could feel the tension in the air and the animosity that came from the Alpha. "Is he alright?" 
"Where is Haco?" Iris asked from behind Cane, but she couldn’t move away, because he reached around his back and held her leg down. 
"He is with Grace... I think, if I am not mistaken." 
"Ethan, call Haco here." 
"What? Why?" 
"Call him here!" Iris said sternly, 
Ethan gave a start when Iris raised her voice and then immediately nodded. "Oh, okay..." he rushed away from there, but instinctively, he continued to glance over his shoulder, because he could feel Cane’s eyes boring a hole in his back. He could sense danger from him. 
Ethan was not sure what was going on, only that Cane acted very strangely. 
"Don’t do that!" Iris hit Cane’s back with her fist, enough to make the lycan turn his head around and look at her. 
"He was bothering me," Cane said sullenly. 
Iris was really not familiar with this man, she never even thought there would be a day she would see Cane sulking. This was not right. 
"Don’t hurt him." Her words were firm. 
Cane tilted his head and stared at her intensely. "Still the same..." 
"What? What is same?" 
"You asked me the same thing in the past..." Cane’s red eyes turned a little bit warm when he smiled gently at her. "My sweet moon." 
Iris narrowed her eyes, she caught his hand which was about to caress her cheek and held it away from her face. "What do you mean by the Serafim?" She caught the word earlier and she was going to figure out what he meant by it. If this lycan had taken over Cane’s consciousness, she needed to make the best out of it. If he knew something about the riddles surrounding her power, she had to make him spill the beans. "What do you mean by what you said earlier?" 
However, at this time, the lycan chose not to say anything, nor was he willing to answer her question. He just stared at her with fascination and played with her hair between his fingers. 
"Cane, no, Lu, tell me, what do you know about the Serafim?" Iris swatted his hand from touching her hair and cupped his face, so he could look at her, but then he leaned over and stole a kiss from her, which made Iris growl. She was annoyed. "Stop it!" 
Somehow, Iris didn’t feel right when Cane kissed her then, because it was not him and she felt like she was cheating on him with him, if that made any sense... 
Cane’s shoulders dropped as he pouted his lips. The sight of it drove Iris crazy, because this kind of expression was not something that he would make. 
Iris had never imagined Cane being pouty and sullen. 
"Don’t be angry, please. I don’t like to see you angry." Cane reached out his hand again and caressed her cheek. "I miss you." 
Iris bit her lip, as she was not sure how to face this lycan. "Lu, answer me. Can you answer my question? Can you explain to me what you said earlier? Why do you want to protect me?" 
And there, the lycan fell quiet once again, refusing to answer her question, as he stared at Iris with fascination in his eyes. Clear longing and pain radiated from him when he touched Iris carefully. 
He treated her like a vulnerable thing that would break if he used even a little bit of extra pressure and the way he stared at her was quite profound, as if he would worship the ground she walked on. It was a mixture of love and devotion. 
He had been waiting for her for so long, he had endured everything for her and now he could finally touch her again, he couldn’t care less about anything else. He would make it right in this lifetime. 
However, Iris didn’t think the same, she was not familiar with the man in front of her. This was not the Cane she knew and this made fear creep in. What actually happened to Cane? Did she... kill his spirit, in extent... him? 
The thought of it alone made Iris want to vomit. 
No, that was too wild. Alpha Gill didn’t die immediately at that time and Cane still had time to torture him. 
"My sweet moon," the lycan chanted the endearment again. 
Not long after that, Haco came with Ethan and Jace. He frowned to see the sight before him. "What is it? You want me to watch you guys being all lovey dovey?" 
With that, Cane turned his head and smirked at the sorcerer. "Long time no see, old friend."
###Chapter 424: THERE IS MORE ABOUT IT
Chapter 424: THERE IS MORE ABOUT IT
The lycan could smell his scent from far away, but he was too busy staring at the woman before his eyes, touching her soft skin to make sure she was real, basking himself in her presence and her sweet scent, though she looked so confused. He missed her confused expression as well. 
Only when Haco opened his mouth and spoke, did he finally pay him some attention. "Long time no see, old friend." Cane smirked, the corner of his lips tugged upward viciously. 
"What do you mean old friend, we are not friends," Haco said, as he approached them with the Beta and the Gamma right behind him. They were not sure what was going on, but from the way Iris reacted, it was something crucial. 
"Are you sure?" Cane asked, he grinned in amusement to see the realization finally dawn upon the sorcerer. 
Ethan and Jace glanced at each other, because Cane didn’t used to be so expressive. He was smiling and grinning now.
"No way... no, there is no way this is happening..." Haco staggered back, as if he was afraid to come closer to Cane, until he fell on his butt. 
"What is it?" Jace demanded. Ethan came to find him when he looked for Haco, at the same time, he managed to take care of the situation in the pack, so it wouldn’t escalate further, while Kaz and the others had been sent to the dungeon per Cane’s instructions. 
There wouldn’t be anyone who would disrespect Iris anymore, right? They would think thrice before they did so. 
However, the problem with Sofia had not been solved, he was not sure whether he had to move her from the Luna’s bedroom or not, because Cane didn’t have any instructions relating to her, he only said to leave the matter, as if it was not his concern where that woman slept. 
"No way... no way..." Haco shook his head, but he couldn’t peel his eyes away from Cane. 
"What do you mean? You are irking me now." Ethan crouched down and followed Haco’s line of sight, aside from Cane’s strange behavior and his red eyes, he didn’t find anything that could leave this sorcerer as shook as this. He was literally so pale, as if he was seeing a ghost. "Mind to explain why you are being like this?" 
Meanwhile, Cane stood up and stalked toward the sorcerer. 
"It has been a while and you look so old," Cane said, amusement dripping from his words and Haco was still in denial. 
On the other hand, Iris knew that she was right. She had done something to make the lycan come to the surface and now it was him, who occupied Cane’s consciousness. 
"Damn it! How can you do this?!" Haco cussed under his breath. "What have you done to the Alpha?!" 
Ethan and Jace frowned so hard, they felt like they had missed a lot of things when the conversation between Cane and Haco barely started. 
"I did nothing, my moon is the one who had done it." Cane’s eyes were filled with warmth when he talked about Iris. He glanced over his shoulder and saw that Iris stood up from the ground before she approached them, but when he extended his hand for her to take, Iris ignored it, which made him look sullen again. 
"Iris, what have you done?" Haco asked, his question was akin to a whisper, as he was still in so much shock. "Iris, whatever you have done, this is not right, this is too dangerous..." 
Cane grabbed Iris’ waist when she was about to lower herself so she could talk with the sorcerer about what happened. 
"Wait! What is actually going on here?" Jace asked in frustration because even Ethan didn’t have any clue about this situation. "Cane, why do you have red eyes? This is not the new moon yet." 
"He is not your alpha, Beta. He is the lycan," Haco said. 
"Oh, crap!" 
============================== 
They were currently in the Alpha’s study room, staring at Cane, who curled himself in front of the fireplace, resting his head on Iris’ lap, sleeping. 
"What now?" Jace asked. He was staring at Cane, but his mind was blank. He didn’t know what to think, while Ethan was completely speechless. This was not something he expected to happen in the middle of this urgent situation. 
There were a lot of things that needed Cane’s approval and no plan would work if they didn’t know what the end goal of it was, since Cane didn’t explain more than they should know in order to finish the tasks they were given. 
It was Cane who knew about the bigger picture of his whole scheme, but now he was... gone? Was that even the right word to say about his condition? 
"Haco, do something, is this a temporary thing or what?" Jace was frustrated beyond words. 
Meanwhile, the sorcerer stared at Iris, who had been very silent ever since she told them what happened, but he had this inkling that Iris didn’t tell them the whole truth. 
She only said Cane suddenly dropped to the ground and the lycan appeared in his stead. No, it was not something possible to happen without any prior action that caused it. 
"Can both of you leave? I need to think about this matter, I can’t think if you keep pestering me about a solution which I don’t have now," Haco grumbled, he chased the two of them out. "Both of you have a lot of things to do, right? Go now and take care of your assignments." He shooed them away. "Keep demanding me now will not help with anything. Go away." 
Ethan and Jace grumbled and argued a little more before they finally left the room. The Beta made a nice gesture to pat Iris on her shoulder, as if telling her to not mind what happened before. Iris didn’t respond to that. 
"So? Will you tell me what actually happened?" Haco asked Iris once Ethan and Jace had left the room. "There is more to it, right?" 
"Yes. There is more."
###Chapter 425: DID I KILL HIM?
Chapter 425: DID I KILL HIM?
"Did I... kill him?" Iris felt her throat turn dry when the question came out of her lips, while the lycan was still fast asleep in her lap.
She couldn’t say what actually had happened because she was afraid they would judge her. After all, no matter how she put it, it was her who harmed Cane and brought the lycan to the surface. But Haco was different, he was not from this pack and he didn’t share the same bond with Cane like the members of the pack did. 
Iris was not sure how Jace and Ethan would react if they learned about this. She had enough people judging her unfairly already, she didn’t want the Beta and the Gamma to join the mix. 
"I don’t think so," Haco said, deep in thought, as he stared at Cane, who was sleeping peacefully while clutching Iris’ dress. "I don’t think you killed him, but you indeed weakened him." Haco moved closer to observe Cane more. He furrowed his brows and mumbled something to himself and Iris was unable to read it. 
"How can we get Cane back?" Iris asked. This was the most crucial question that needed to be answered. Haco was the only person who knew the lycan really well, since this cursed creature had resided within him for over five decades. "Can we get him back?" 
"There is one thing that you should know about the lycan, Iris," Haco said, lifting his head. He looked tired and his grey hair looked a little bit dull, which made him look very old. "The lycan doesn’t usually appear like this." 
"But, did the lycan ever appear while he resided in you?" Iris tried to grasp all the information that she could to understand their current situation. 
"Of course," Haco said affirmatively. "Just like how he appears every new moon, the same thing happened to me too." 
"But, you are not a shifter." In Iris’ mind she imagined Haco turning into a lycan or something. 
"Nah, it’s not necessary for him to appear as a lycan, but because I am not a shifter, usually he would take over my body, he would control my consciousness. Probably, the same as what happened now. The lycan took over Cane’s body because you injured his beast. Even though this is not the new moon yet, probably because the vessel is weak, the thing inside it has leaked out, that’s how things seem to work between Cane and the lycan." 
It was also the moment the lycan took over his body that he messed up in the Holy Kingdom, which caused him to be banished from that place and he eventually left the continent and ended up here. 
Iris grimaced when Haco mentioned she had injured Cane’s beast. How bad was it until the lycan took his consciousness over? 
"How long until we can get Cane back?" Iris dreaded the answer, because she was not ready to be told ’there was nothing they could do’ or something along that line. 
"I am not sure, Iris. I have never encountered a power like yours before, hell, I don’t even know a power like yours exists in the first place. How can you even see the wisp?" Haco was way more interested in Iris’ power than the predicament that the lycan pushed them into. 
"I don’t know," Iris answered honestly. "But, I don’t think this is the same wisp that occasionally comes out of Cane, because I am sure he did not notice it. I think it’s only me who can see it." 
Haco furrowed his brows, wrinkling his nose. "Weird." 
And with that, silence fell over them, as there were a lot of unanswered questions that swirled in the air with this revelation. 
"Haco, I think his mate’s name is something like ’Na’ and he called me his sweet Serafim." Iris wanted to leave out this unrelated information, because she thought it was only a slip of tongue, but then on second thought, it was too weird for the lycan to call her that. "What did he mean by that?" 
"Serafim..." Haco fell deep in thought once again, his eyes shook, while he was thinking of thousands of possibilities. "... Iris, I think this is crazy... no, it’s completely crazy if it is true..." 
"What is it?" Iris didn’t have patience to be put in suspense. This sorcerer should explain what he meant quickly, instead of mumbling to himself. "What is it, Haco?" 
"No. This is crazy..." Haco shook his head, but then he stared at Iris and his sight fell on the sleeping Cane. He was completely unbothered about what was going on, being so docile in the presence of his mate. "This can’t be... right?" 
"Haco!" Iris hissed impatiently. "I can read what you say, but I can’t read your mind! Talk now!" Iris was too frustrated to be her sweet self as a lot of things happened to her, especially today, which put her on edge. Forget about being sweet, she felt like she was about to claw this sorcerer if she could to pry the answer from him. 
"Are you a Serafim?" 
Iris felt like her head was going to burst. "No, you are right, you are indeed crazy." 
"No. No!" Haco shook his head and grabbed Iris’ hand. "No! Look! All the signs are there, Iris. Look at it from a different perspective. You can purify the black magic stones and feel the black magic, you can tame the lycan and he literally called you the Serafim." 
"What about the Serafim in the Holy Kingdom now? Is she a fake? That’s an outrageous claim." 
"That’s..." Haco couldn’t find a proper answer to refute her. "But, I think what I feel from you is divine power..." he said unsure. 
"Shouldn’t you know immediately whether it is divine power or not, since you lived there in your younger years." 
"I was still young," Haco grumbled under his breath. "Iris, you didn’t realize your power until recently, at least, that’s what you told me, because you have been kept away from people since you were little. There is this case where some powers couldn’t develop to the fullest and have this oddity. This abnormality can be seen in the magic users who can’t use magic, or some shifters who can’t shift into their beasts and we call them runts. You yourself have been known as a runt all of your life." 
Iris lowered her gaze, trying to comprehend Haco’s explanation. "Do you want to say that because of this oddity, you can’t be sure whether it is really the divine power or not inside me?" 
"Yes, more or less. If you put it that way, I think it’s because your power is not developed to the fullest, or maybe I can be wrong." 
Iris was frustrated with this uncertainty. "Or, maybe you can be so wrong." 
Hace glanced at Iris. "A Serafim is born with a tattoo on their back, what about you? Do you have it?" 
Her back... 
"I don’t know," Iris murmured. She was very ashamed of her back, as it looked so horrendous. She even stopped looking at her scars a long time ago. 
"Should we ask someone to check on it?" Haco looked so excited. 
Iris bit her lip. "Let’s continue this conversation tomorrow," she said immediately before Haco insisted further. "I am so tired." 
Seeing how pale Iris was right now and recalling what had happened to her before the incident with the lycan, Haco nodded. It was indeed a tiring day. 
However, before he left, he said something softly, as if he was a grandfather, who was talking to his granddaughter, someone that the sorcerer would never have. 
"Don’t treat all people with kindness, Iris. Not everyone deserves it. Do not hesitate to give them your silence when you feel unappreciated, because not everyone deserves your attention." 
Iris lowered her gaze, because his words hit her so deep and it even came from ’an outsider’, just like her. 
============================= 
Iris woke up early and found the lycan still hugging her waist possessively, as they slept in front of the fireplace, inside Cane’s study room. 
His body temperature was so different, while Cane was always so warm, he was so cold. Probably, because he was the epitome of black magic? Iris was not sure anymore. But if that was the case, why couldn’t she purify him? Or probably it was not as simple as that with the lycan. 
Moreover, if it was Cane, he would have woken up by now and started his busy day so early, though he would make time to have breakfast with her every morning in their bedroom. 
Iris shifted her body and stared at Cane’s face. He looked like a young boy when he was sleeping like this, he looked so peaceful and she was afraid to disturb his sleep. 
For a few more minutes, Iris kept staring at Cane, hoping he would open his eyes and she would meet with Cane’s dark eyes instead. 
Leaned over, Iris kissed his cold lips, while speaking softly. "Come back to me, please..." 
She didn’t have any idea how long it would take for Cane to heal from the injury that she gave him. It was so reckless of her. 
But then a question crossed her mind; would she be able to kill him when she finally gained complete control over her power? 
Iris didn’t want to think about that, she pushed herself up from the thick carpet, where she and Cane slept and walked toward the door. 
But then, she saw Maria had been waiting for her there. "Luna Iris," she greeted her politely.
###Chapter 426: BAD MOOD AND GOOD MOOD
Chapter 426: BAD MOOD AND GOOD MOOD
Iris wanted to go out to get breakfast for herself and Cane, because she didn’t feel like asking anyone for a favor, but when she opened the door, she found Maria. She seemed to be standing there for who knew how long, yet she didn’t dare to knock on the door, thus she waited for either the Alpha or the Luna to come out. 
Maria was startled when Iris opened the door, but she immediately dropped to her knees and lowered her head. Iris was sure, she said something, but from her standing point, how could she read her lips? 
Hungry and not feeling like she wanted to start the day with someone begging her for something, Iris stepped aside and walked away from Maria. Cane was still sleeping and no one in their right minds would be daring enough to wake the Alpha up, so she didn’t need to worry about that. 
However, when Iris stepped aside, Maria caught the hem of her dress, still kneeling and begging her, this time, she lifted her head to look at Iris. 
"Luna, please..." Maria pleaded with her. Tears welled up in her eyes and her hair looked disheveled, it seemed she was in a lot of distress. "Kaz is already so old, his body will not be able to take the hard and cold dungeon anymore. Please, have mercy on us. The girls were so young, they had been through so much when we were still slaves. They are so afraid of the dungeon." She shook her head when she saw Iris’ eyes become so cold. "No. I am not blaming you for that. I promise, I will make sure they learn their lesson." 
"Blame me? Blame me for what?" Iris stared down at Maria coldly. "Why do you even think of blaming me in the first place for something that I didn’t do? Something that I am not even responsible for?" 
Maria gasped, she knew amidst her uneasiness, she had said the wrong thing. "No, no, no, that’s not what I meant, I am sorry if it came out like that." 
Iris stared at the crying woman, but when she was about to feel sorry for her, she remembered all of the mistreatment she received and her heart turned numb. She felt indifferent in the face of her tears and it terrified her a little bit to realize this change within herself. 
"Whether they learned their lesson or not, I am not the one who gave the punishment." Iris yanked her dress out of her grip and took a step back, so Maria couldn’t reach out to her again. "I am not your luna, so you need to stop calling me that." 
Iris felt petty with her last statement, she felt like a child who was throwing a tantrum, but that was how she felt. She meant it when she told them she didn’t think of them as her own people any longer, so when they called her ’Luna’, she felt like it was a misplaced title. 
After saying that, Iris walked away, leaving Maria to cry. Two guards, who had been standing aside while watching everything unfold, came to her and helped her to get on her feet. They must be telling her some consoling words, which Iris didn’t care to know. 
They must think how heartless she was to turn down someone else’s plea. 
And here she was, becoming a villain in their eyes again. 
Iris felt her mood turn very sour, she didn’t think she wanted to eat. Thinking of meeting another member of the pack depressed her. Should she look for Hanna instead of going to the kitchen alone? 
Having a bad mood in the early morning was not a good sign. 
This time, when she walked in the hallway, everyone stopped to greet her, bowing their heads toward her and showing the respect she deserved. 
But then, she felt what they did was very hollow, since she knew what was the cause behind their change. 
She felt guilty feeling like she asked for too much and actually felt bad because she was feeling this way. All of this only stressed her out even more. She felt like she was actually fighting with herself and it was so tiring. 
"Luna Iris! Luna Iris!" 
Someone called Iris when she walked past the laundry room, where she could usually find Hanna. She needed someone to talk to, to get the comfort she needed. Though she couldn’t reveal a lot of things to Hanna, having a conversation with her still was comforting for her. It would help keep her mind sane enough to face the current problems. 
More so, the King’s entourage would arrive in two days, as there was a little bit of delay because of a monster attack. 
"Luna Iris!" A young boy raced toward her, realizing his mistake of calling her from behind. "Luna Iris," he called her again when he skidded to a stop in front of her.
Iris was startled to see someone suddenly appear before her eyes, she was not paying attention to her surroundings. 
"Oh, I am sorry, if I startled you," the young boy said apologetically. He smiled brilliantly at her. "Luna, do you still remember me?" 
"Joel?" Iris remembered him, but he didn’t look like this the last time she met him, which was almost half a year ago. 
In her mind, he was a young boy with a vibrant aura and looked so happy in whatever he was doing. Seeing him alone could make you feel a little bit cheerful. He almost looked like the younger version of Ethan. Both of them were chatterboxes and could lighten up the mood in the room. 
"I am so glad you still remember me!" Joel’s eyes lit up, which drew a small smile to Iris’ lips. 
"You look so different from the last time I saw you," Iris said with a chuckle. 
Joel looked like a young man now, he had grown so tall. The last time Iris remembered, his height was not so different from her own, but right now, he easily towered above her. What did he eat in the last few months? If she could, she wanted to grow a little bit taller, too. 
"Luna, I will not be a young boy forever," he said, a little bit offended when she laughed, but then his expression brightened up again when he told her about his achievement proudly. "I have become a warrior now!" 
"Congratulations!" Iris was genuinely happy when she saw his beaming face. "We should celebrate that." 
"Thank you!" Joel said shyly, because Iris looked so beautiful when she was smiling like this. He heard what happened in the kitchen yesterday and felt sorry for her. The pack members had been treating her badly, especially after Sofia came. 
Apparently, not all the members of the pack were ready to accept her. But Kaz was someone they respected as he rallied a lot of people behind him and most of them only went with the flow, going along with the crowd. However, the rest of them chose to be neutral. It meant, they couldn’t care less about what was going on between Iris and Sofia, only this matter snowballed to this point. 
They thought, being a neutral party meant not to take sides, but with their indifference, they had taken sides in this matter too. 
Joel felt so bad for Iris, thus he wanted to look for her this morning to greet her, after all, he had not seen her in person after she and the Alpha arrived a few days back. 
"Luna Iris, if you don’t mind, instead of celebrating it, can I ask for a favor from you?" Joel asked her timidly. And there, Iris saw the boy she met for the first time again. 
"What favor?" Iris was in a good mood. 
Meanwhile, many people watched this interaction between her and Joel and they could see how easily the two could interact with each other. And how genuinely happy Iris was to learn the boy had become a warrior, it was indeed a great achievement. 
"I heard you taught the warriors that came with you to the capital city how to read and write," Joel said hesitantly. "They have been bragging about it and refusing to teach the other warriors how to. They are very stingy to share their knowledge and have been very annoying by always carrying books with them, saying they read to spend their free time. They act like they are very cultured to be able to read," Joel complained. 
Iris pressed her lips into a thin line, she shouldn’t be smiling hearing such a complaint, but when the image came to her mind, she couldn’t help but find it hilarious. 
"I am so annoyed, Luna," Joel said with an irritated expression. "Can you teach me how to read and write too? I am a fast learner, Luna, I will not disappoint you, I promise!" He drew a cross on his chest with his finger as if he was pledging. "I want to get back at them! They said you favored them more, that’s why you taught them, but I don’t think that’s the case." 
Iris couldn’t help but let out a soft chuckle. 
"Luna, I am serious. I swear, I will learn quickly." Joel frowned to see Iris’ reaction. 
"I am sorry," Iris said gently, as she stopped herself and put on a serious expression. "Sure, I would love to teach you, come to me whenever you have free time." 
The people, who had been following their conversation, were dumbstruck at Iris’ willingness. They thought Iris would turn Joel’s plea down after the dispute that spiraled out yesterday.
###Chapter 427: APPRECIATION
Chapter 427: APPRECIATION
People stole a glance at Iris with a mixed expression. They thought Joel’s request was out of the line, especially after what happened yesterday and how Iris refused to help Kaz and the others to get out of the trouble with the Alpha. 
They had heard how Iris had taught some of the warriors how to read and write, but because most of the people in the pack house didn’t interact with the warriors constantly, the fact was subconsciously pushed to the back of their minds. 
They knew it, but didn’t think much about it, just like how they knew Iris had helped them tremendously and went far and beyond for them during their darkest times. They just overlooked it so easily again. 
However, seeing the interaction between Joel and Iris, they felt like someone just poured cold water on them. They didn’t know what to feel, as they lowered their heads. 
Meanwhile, Iris couldn’t care less about them, because she wanted to find Hanna and ask her to get her and Cane breakfast, because on second thought, she didn’t really want to go to the kitchen again, especially after she saw Maria. 
"Joel, have you seen Hanna? I am looking for her," Iris said, as she and Joel walked away. The young boy looked so excited to learn new things from the Luna, even the way he walked almost looked like he was jumping up and down. 
"Oh, I saw Hanna going to the market early this morning," Joel said. He bumped into her when he was about to go to the pack house and Hanna wanted to go out. 
"Oh." Iris was a little bit disappointed, as she thought she needed to go to the kitchen by herself. 
"Do you need help with anything, Luna?" Joel asked, seeing how Iris’ expression changed. "Tell me what you need, I think I will be able to help." 
"No, it’s..." Iris didn’t know how to bring this up. "I want to get some breakfast for Cane and I," she finally said. 
She didn’t think going to the dining hall was a good idea, where she might meet a lot of people. The last thing she wanted was to be crowded by the people who always judged her. 
"Why don’t you..." Joel was about to blurt out why she couldn’t ask for other omegas or servants to serve her, but then he remembered what happened the night before and stopped himself. "I will get you breakfast, Luna, don’t worry, is there some specific food that you want?" He looked excited to help and this made Iris feel a little bit better. 
"No." Iris shook her head, but then she remembered. "Can you bring more meat?" Cane was a meat eater. 
"I will bring all the meat!" Joel said expressively, which made Iris chuckle a little. "You can go back to your room, Luna, I will deliver it to you as soon as possible." 
"Okay, thank you." Iris truly appreciated his kind gesture and returned to the Alpha’s study room, and thankfully, Maria was no longer there, but the two guards were still standing in the same spots. They nodded politely to her when she walked past them, yet, Iris couldn’t care less about their existence. 
It almost felt like her personality took a one hundred eighty right after she finished talking to Joel. 
Once inside the room, she found Cane was still sleeping. He still had his body curled in the same position when Iris left him. How could he sleep without moving at all? 
Slowly, Iris came to him and sat down next to the Alpha, she extended her hand and caressed his soft hair. He seemed to notice her presence as he snuggled closer to her touch, though he was still sleeping at this moment and this made Iris smile. 
"Cane, come back to me, please. I am sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you." Iris ran her fingers on the scar on his face. He looked so beautiful even with the scar. 
From the window, the sunlight filtered through the glass into the room, which created an array of light that looked so beautiful with the dust swirling in the air. Iris stared at the sight, deep in thought. She remembered her conversation with Haco from last night. 
But, she was snapped back from her reverie when Cane suddenly woke up and sat down, his face contorted, as his eyes fixed on something, or someone at the door. 
"What happened?" Iris was startled and out of instinct, she followed Cane’s line of sight to the door and found Joel, Avid, Eron and Dyne entering the room. 
Iris knew Eron and Dyne because the two of them came with Cane to the capital city and they were also assigned by the Alpha to be her personal guards during their time in the Riverside pack. 
The four of them came, while carrying a few trays with them and Joel didn’t look happy with it. 
"I told you I can do it myself!" Joel grumbled. "Why do you want to go here in the first place!?" 
"Tone it down, boy. What? You want to get all the credit for serving the Luna?" Eron asked. 
"Nah! Be nice, we are here to help," Dyne chimed in. 
"I don’t need your help!" Joel was frustrated because these two insisted on helping him carry the Luna and the Alpha’s breakfast when they saw him in the kitchen, while Avid followed them. Because his rank was higher than them three, Joel couldn’t complain about him. 
Seeing this sight, Iris suddenly got an idea about ’the warriors’ who had been bragging about knowing how to read and write. 
However, their heated banter suddenly stopped, as they took a step back, only then Iris realized Cane had been growling dangerously at them. 
"Cane!" Iris hissed at the lycan. It was still this creature, who got Cane’s consciousness. "Stop it!" 
The lycan immediately stopped, his growl turned into a whimper, as he curled his body again on the rug sullenly. 
Iris didn’t know what to do with this creature. The lycan was sulking, but all she could see was Cane and never in her wildest dreams did she think she would be able to see him acting like a five years old child. 
This was so weird and so wrong on so many levels, especially when she found amusement in it. She would make sure to tell Cane about this once he could get back his consciousness from the lycan. 
Iris ran her fingers through his hair to placate the cursed creature. That was why, come back to me, Cane. I miss you. 
"You can put the breakfast on the table," Iris said to the stunned four warriors. It seemed they didn’t notice Cane’s red eyes, since they lowered their heads upon hearing the Alpha growling at them. "Why did you bring me too much?" Iris was fascinated to see how these warriors managed to ransack the kitchen by bringing so much meat. 
"You said the Alpha loves meat and I think you also need some more meat to nurse your body back. After all, you have been running around arranging the welcoming party for the royals." It was Dyne, who replied to Iris, while Joel looked all unhappy. 
"The Luna is talking to me," Joel grumbled under his breath, but the other three ignored him, as they made small talk with Iris before they left. 
"Joel, can you find Ethan, Jace and Haco, and tell them to come see me here?" Iris asked before they walked out of the room. 
"Yes, Luna! I will find them." And before he could hear Iris thank him, the young boy bolted out of the room, which rendered the other three warriors speechless. 
"Luna Iris," Avid said. He looked a little bit hesitant, because he didn’t think it was his place to say this, but then he thought the Luna needed to hear this. 
"Yes?" Iris waited for him to say something, while Eron and Dyne had already left, probably wanting to tease Joel again by finding the Beta, the Gamma and the sorcerer first. 
"Thank you for what you have done for us. Either it’s something you have done in the past or right now. I can’t say this on behalf of everyone, but for me, you are the perfect Luna for this pack and I really appreciate all of your effort. Thank you."
Reading what Avid said, Iris felt a lump form in her throat as tears welled up in her eyes. She couldn’t utter a single word, but then even if she could, she didn’t know what to say. 
And when Avid closed the door, tears streamed down her face. She felt like someone squeezed her heart, but it was not a bad feeling. 
She should be happy to get such appreciation from Avid, but why was she crying right now? She felt relieved as the knot in her heart disappeared. 
She didn’t know how much she wanted to be appreciated until Avid said those words. She always brushed off the way she felt about the people here, but she didn’t know how much it hurt her, until Avid said the words she wanted, to feel appreciated. 
Cane pushed himself off of the floor and pushed her head into his chest silently, as Iris cried in his arms. For a moment, she thought it was really Cane, who was hugging her, until he made a comment. 
Cane cupped her face and stared at her seriously. "Can you continue crying later? I am really hungry now. I promise I will hug you again when you cry later."
###Chapter 428: HORRIFIED
Chapter 428: HORRIFIED
Iris didn’t know whether she should laugh or cry at this point. She was completely speechless, but for an entirely different reason. 
It was clear to see that the lycan and Cane had two totally different personalities. They were actually polar opposites. 
"Why are you crying at something he said, that’s the bare minimum a pack member has to show you," the lycan said nonchalantly. "They should have kissed the ground you walked on for everything you have done for them." 
Not knowing how to react to this, Iris shook her head and took his hand. "Let’s eat our breakfast," she said in a defeated tone and the lycan followed her happily. 
The four trays, piled with dishes with most of them made of meat, greeted them and Iris could clearly see how elated Cane was to see so many dishes in his eyes. 
"They brought so many dishes." Iris was worried the food would be wasted. She felt particularly bad about this kind of thing, yet the lycan had a different thought. 
"They should have brought more." 
"You can finish it all?" Iris knew Cane ate a lot, but even as his portion, this was too much. 
"I can eat more." Cane pulled out a chair and let Iris sit down at the table, as he took a seat next to her. 
"No. You can get sick if you eat too much!" Iris didn’t want this lycan to ruin Cane’s health, after all, Haco had told her how reckless the lycan could be when he took over his body once a month. 
However, Cane shoved a piece of meat into her mouth to make her stop chiding him. "Eat more, you need more meat than I do." 
Iris munched on the meat and could only sigh. This lycan was a handful. It was less than a day since he took over Cane’s consciousness, and Iris could already say it was not going to be an easy job to deal with him. Thankfully, he listened to her thus far. 
When they were having their breakfast, Jace, Ethan and Haco came to the study room and sat there, to discuss what they were going to do when the royals arrived the next day with Cane still like this. 
"I can do something to his eyes," Haco said, nodding at Cane, who gobbled up a big piece of meat and nudged Iris to eat more, while she had given up a long time ago. Her stomach was not as big as his. 
"Don’t you dare do anything to my eyes!" Cane growled. 
"Lu!" Iris reprimanded him and the lycan lowered his head, focusing back on his meal, while Ethan and Jace were both dumbstruck. 
"I don’t know if I can recover from this sight..." Ethan mumbled. "I have never seen Cane so docile, not even when he was a child." 
"I don’t think I can either," Jace agreed with the Gamma. The sight of Cane being reprimanded by Iris was too absurd for them, they were in denial to see how ungracious the Alpha was. This was something Cane would never do. People would start seeing the difference between their Alpha and the lycan sooner than later. 
"Yes, but the problem does not only lie with his eyes," Iris stated their main problem. If it was Cane with red eyes, the Alpha could find a way to get himself out of the trouble with some story here and there, but they didn’t think the lycan would have the decency to care so much about the whole situation. 
"I know." Jace looked defeated. "We can say the Alpha is being cursed or something, so no one could see him for the meantime." 
"No way!" The lycan strongly rejected the idea. As a cursed creature, it was an insult to him. "What do you want? You want me to meet with that useless king, who can’t keep his dick inside his pants? If I meet him, see what I am going to do to him." 
The four of them felt like they were going to have a hard attack to hear such a declaration. 
Jace clutched his head. He concluded he was going to deal with a constant headache, while Ethan started to think that was not a bad idea. After all, he hated the royal family, while Haco could only slouch in his chair, mumbling. "I am doomed." He had cursed Princess Osana and Cane was the only protection he had and now, this lycan was going to ruin his life again. 
On the other hand, Iris could only stare at him, unable to say anything. 
"What?" the lycan frowned at their reaction. "Your alpha also thinks the King is useless." 
"Yes, but he will never say it out loud," Jace argued and the lycan scoffed at that statement. 
"Because he is a coward. If he wants the throne, kill the King and take his seat, easy," the lycan said nonchalantly, as he munched on his meat. "I have killed a thousand beasts for him, do you think I can’t kill a measly man, who only knows how to reproduce?" 
"I think I am going to see Grace after this to get some medicine for my headache," Jace said under his breath. 
"Actually, I like that idea, though..." Ethan tilted his head, voicing out his opinion calmly. 
However, the lycan seemed pleased to hear such a confession. He raised his greasy hand at Ethan, curled his fingers inside and gestured to the Gamma to exchange a fist bump with him. 
"Great thinking, Gamma!" Lu said with a big grin. 
Ethan raised his fist and bumped it against his, grinning as well. 
"Don’t give him ideas!" Jace scolded the Gamma and the latter just shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. "You know it’s not that easy to kill the King!" 
"I am just saying, is all," Ethan said in a small voice. 
He knew it was not as easy as saying it. Though the King was incompetent, at the end of the day, he was still the King. 
He had a hundred times the number of warriors than them, not to mention the several packs that were still under his control. Even with the help of the lycan, it would not make their strengths equal and if the whereabouts of the lycan were made known and it was proven the Howling Wolf pack had a connection to this cursed creature, it would not only be the continent which they lived in they had to face but also the Holy Kingdom. They would get involved too. 
Not to mention the fact that Cane had gotten the Seraphim to come to this continent, seeing from their current situation, that whole plan looked nothing short of a suicide mission. 
They were deep in thought, mulling over what they were going to do about the King’s arrival the next day, this was their main focus now. 
"Can’t you give us Cane back?" Iris asked gently, she even made a gesture to touch his arm while looking at him pleadingly. 
"Don’t want to," Lu said simply.
"Or at least, give us a chance to talk to the Alpha, so we know what his idea is about this situation," Jace coaxed the lycan. They were so desperate for their alpha’s guidance now. They were not meticulous schemers like Cane, thus they were at a loss now. 
"Don’t want to." 
"Or, at least, do you know what Cane has in his mind? There are a lot of things that need his instructions, but he never explained the whole thing to us. Can I ask you a few questions about it? See what he is thinking and what his next instruction is?" 
"No. His way of thinking is too complicated, I don’t like to hear it." 
Apparently, the lycan could spy on Cane’s thoughts, but because he was too lazy to listen to his thought process, he just chose to lay dormant. The only thing he cared about was when the new moon came and he could feel Iris nearby. 
Knowing it wouldn’t work, they gave up making any suggestions. 
When the room fell silent, as they wrecked their brains to think of a solution, Lu suddenly spoke to Haco. 
"Fix this," Lu said, as he leaned his back against the seat, wiping his dirty hand with the napkin. 
"Fix what?" Haco frowned, nothing good came out of a request from the lycan. 
"This." Cane nodded down. "My penis." 
Iris felt like the little lizard just spit fire at her face, as she turned so red, while Jace and Ethan choked on their own saliva and Haco facepalmed himself. He had heard about what had happened to Cane and what he had endured, thus he knew what he meant. 
However, Lu didn’t seem to be bothered by their reactions as he continued. 
"I want to have a child with my mate. Fix this," he said in a matter of fact tone. 
"If you are looking for healthcare advice, you are asking the wrong person." Haco rubbed his face roughly. This was not an appropriate conversation, more so, this matter was not as important as what they had to face tomorrow. At least, not at this moment. 
"You can fix this." This time, Lu pointed at his member. "Try." 
"I am not in the mood to see that part of your body!" Haco freaked out, so did the rest of them when Lu was about to stand up and pull down his pants. Iris immediately pushed him down to sit again, now her face was as red as her hair. 
"You can use dark magic, you know." 
"I will need to sacrifice thousands of people’s lives!" 
The lycan then looked at Ethan. "How many people live in this pack?" 
"NO!" All of them shouted at the same time, horrified.
###Chapter 429: INCIDENT
Chapter 429: INCIDENT
Lu slouched his shoulders upon hearing their harsh rejection of his brilliant idea. Why could they accept Cane’s opinion and follow his every order blindly, but wouldn’t even consider his at all? 
"Why not?" Lu looked at Iris sullenly, because she looked so mortified when he suggested that, even though this idea would benefit her as well. "You don’t want to have a child with me?" 
Once again, Iris was not sure how she looked, but she didn’t want to look at her own reflection in the mirror right now. She knew it wouldn’t look great. 
"You don’t even like those people, so what’s the problem here? Instead of getting rid of them and wasting such good resources, it will be great if we can make the best out of them." 
"By... sacrificing them?" Ethan asked foolishly, as he was too shocked to hear such an idea coming out of Cane’s mouth, despite knowing it was not their alpha who was voicing it. 
"Of course." 
If there was one similar thing between Cane and Lu, it must be how they saw value in the people around them, but this lycan took it to a whole new level, radiating a different shade of darkness with this suggestion and his simple way of thinking. 
"Luna... I don’t think we can deal with him..." Jace shook his head, as he massaged his temple. His voice sounded so exhausted, albeit him just sitting there while the day was still too early. 
Iris held Cane’s hand, it was so cold to the touch, as if he had been holding a bunch of ice cubes. "No, no. We will not resort to anything involving dark magic, you are not going to perform any dark magic. Okay? Promise me." 
"So, not fixing my penis? Which means no child?" 
Iris really wanted to cry now, how could he talk about such a thing so freely without feeling any embarrassment at all. This was one topic that Cane wouldn’t talk about out loud, even the people around him, who knew about what happened, would be careful enough not to bring up the topic of him siring a child in front of him. 
"No. No fixing it for now." Iris shook her head and then changed back the topic to dark magic. "No dark magic, no sacrifices, okay? Promise me, please." 
Lu narrowed his red eyes. He didn’t say anything and only stared at Iris. 
"Lu?" 
"You are still going to make me promise the same thing again? No, I don’t want to. The last time I did, it cost me greatly." He turned his head to the other side, so he didn’t need to look at her pleading eyes, because it would falter his resolve. 
Iris frowned. "When did I ever ask you to promise me something?" She shook his hand, but he refused to look at her. 
Lu was determined to not answer her and ignored her completely now and because Iris kept holding his hand, which made his resolution falter, he moved to the sofa and lay down there, sleeping again that he was full now. 
"The King will arrive tomorrow, what should we do?" Jace looked at Cane helplessly. "Can you do something to bring Cane back before the royals arrive?" He looked at Iris with expectation evident in his eyes. "Can you tell us again in detail how the lycan took over Cane’s body, probably we can figure out something to bring Cane back." 
Iris bit her lip nervously, her guilty feelings resurfaced. She pulled at her hair in an attempt to calm herself, but it didn’t seem to work. 
Thankfully, Ethan and Jace still didn’t suspect her and Haco was there to deflect the topic. 
"Why don’t we check the preparations for tomorrow’s welcome party, maybe we can figure something out by the end of the day. I will stay here with the lycan..." 
But, as soon as Haco finished speaking, Lu snapped at him from the sofa, glaring at him with his red eyes. "I don’t want to be with an old man like you." 
"Damn it, Lu! You have used me for five decades and this is how you treat me now?" Haco glared back at the lycan. 
For a moment, they threw dagger looks at each other. There were some occasions where Haco would be scared of the lycan, but he knew him better to know that this creature wouldn’t hurt him. 
"Fine." Cane closed his eyes again, as if he was sleeping, but they couldn’t be sure about that. 
With that, they went about their day and the sorcerer stayed in the study room with the lycan. 
"So, Lu. What’s your deal coming out all of a sudden?" Haco asked Lu, who was still sleeping, as he sat down on the sofa opposite. He stared at Cane and felt sorry for the Alpha. The lycan could be stubborn and it didn’t seem like he was going to give up his body willingly, unless it was Cane himself, who took over. 
However, Haco was not sure how badly Iris had damaged his spirit and how long it would take for him to recover, if there was a chance for him to recover at all... 
This was one of the things that Haco couldn’t understand about the lycan and the power that entailed this cursed creature. 
Lu opened his eyes, as he knew it was only Haco in the room. His expression was very serious and his eyes were ice cold. 
"The symbol," Lu said curtly, but his voice dripped with viciousness. This was so different from the sullen lycan that he looked to be in front of Iris, right now, he lived up to his name as a cursed creature, he looked so dangerous. 
"What symbol? Ah!" Haco remembered the symbol that they found inside the hut when they went to the Riverside pack. "What is it with the symbol? I recognized it as Decratic’s symbol." 
There were a lot of questions that Haco wanted to ask the lycan at the same time, but he knew he couldn’t do that with Lu, or else, he would withdraw and say nothing at all if he felt being forced to reveal something he didn’t want. 
"It’s him. His worshipper is going to revive him." 
Haco had thousands of questions in his mind, but he chose one that was straight to the point he wanted to be cleared about first. "Lu, was the first Serafim your mate?" 
Observing his conversation with Iris and how Lu called her the Serafim and now he realized they lived in the same timeline, the question didn’t come out of the blue. 
On the other hand, Lu’s red eyes dimmed slightly when he heard that. He didn’t answer the question, but his expression showed sorrow and anger, but at the same time, he looked so forlorn. 
=============================== 
Iris was in the main hall with Hanna to check on the decorations. They were planning a party that didn’t include any sex and endless alcohol, thus to replace them, she must come up with other forms of amusement. Cane had given her a few suggestions and now she was working on it. 
That was why the party this time needed meticulous preparation. This could be said to be the first party that didn’t have a lot of naked women walking down the halls with bags of Floence powder and also the smell of sex permeating in the air. 
But, as Iris checked on the final preparations, from the corner of her eyes, she could see Sofia walking into the hall with tears in her eyes. Jemma, her personal maid, was by her side and she looked furious. 
Iris was not ready for another drama, thus she chose to walk away, wanting to inspect the next thing in her list. 
Meanwhile, the people treated her with respect, as they didn’t even dare to look her in the eyes, but everyone there could feel the tension and the awkward silence, as they were working on their tasks. 
"Luna Iris!" Jemma called Iris, her voice boomed inside the hall, but Iris had had her back to her, thus she was not aware of it, only Hanna, who narrowed her eyes at this young servant dangerously, as if she was ready to tear her apart for talking like that to Iris. "Luna Iris, wait! Stop there!" 
"Who are you to stop the Luna?!" Hanna barked viciously, as she stood in front of Jemma to block her from coming closer to Iris. 
Hanna had heard what happened to Iris, but when she went to console her, Iris simply looked so ignorant like she didn’t even care about it. She thought her missy would have cried like usual and hid herself in her bedroom, but it seemed she was wrong. Iris had spent her time in the Alpha’s study room with the Alpha. 
"Move away!" Jemma was rude, she acted like this was Alpha Gallot’s pack, where Sofia was quite favored by the Alpha. Not to mention, she was pregnant now with Alpha Cane’s baby, which should increase the importance of her existence in this pack. 
But, ever since what happened yesterday, people were afraid to be close to Sofia and this made her sad, because they were afraid they would offend Luna Iris and get punished by Alpha Cane. 
Of course, Jemma was furious, because before this, they were very welcoming to Sofia. They took care of and pampered her. 
"Back off!" Hanna snapped back at Jemma, her body was shaking with anger to see the disrespect she displayed. 
However, Jemma was hot blooded and Sofia didn’t restrain her, and it happened so fast when Jemma raised her hand and clawed at Hanna’s face.
At the same time, Iris realized Hanna didn’t come with her and turned around, only to witness the whole incident. 
Hanna fell to the ground and blood dripped from the wound on her cheek.
###Chapter 430: IRIS DIDN’T GIVE A SHIT
Chapter 430: IRIS DIDN’T GIVE A SHIT
Iris realized Hanna didn’t come with her, but when she turned around to look for her, she witnessed something that made her blood run cold. 
Jemma raised her hand at Hanna, she moved so fast and when Iris thought she was slapping her, she immediately realized it was not a mere slap. The woman extended her claws and injured Hanna’s face. 
On the other hand, Hanna didn’t expect that either and her body fell to the ground from the impact. She was about to stand up and fight her for real when she felt blood ooze out of the wound on her cheek. It dripped to the ground and only then the pain came. Hanna was stunned. 
Everyone in this hall held their breaths to see what was going on and Jemma smiled smugly to see Hanna in such a state. She let out a triumphant scoff, feeling superior. 
"You should know your place!" Jemma hissed. 
Meanwhile, Sofia was surprised at what her maid had done, but she didn’t say anything, nor did she reprimand her for her actions, seeing nobody said or did anything about it. 
The truth was; everyone was still in shock. They needed a few more moments to process what happened in their heads. It didn’t occur to them to go forward and help Hanna up. They were stupefied, and then, their attention shifted to Iris, waiting for her reaction, since Hanna was a person who was very dearest to her. 
The silence descended in this hall was so suffocating, one could cut through the air that was filled with so much tension when Iris finally moved and approached Hanna, who was whimpering in pain. Apparently, Jemma had clawed the corner of her eyes. 
Iris dropped to her knees and looked at her dearest one. Blood oozed from Hanna’s face and stained her neck, while her hand covered her wound. 
Iris felt her heart beat wildly, as she extended her hand and touched Hanna’s blood. It dyed her fingers in red and when she finally spoke, her voice was even. It almost scared her how she could keep her calm even when she felt a storm slowly brewing in her mind. 
"Guards." 
Two guards finally snapped back to reality and rushed to approach Iris. 
"Bring her to see Grace." 
"Miss... I..." Hanna was about to say something, but Iris’ cold eyes fell on her which efficiently silenced her. 
"Leave." 
Hanna immediately lowered her eyes and with the help of the two guards, she left the room. It was dead silent again. 
The members of the pack, who were around, didn’t even dare to make a noise. They didn’t even dare to breathe loudly, as fear gripped their hearts and ran in their veins to see the now calm Iris. 
The Luna didn’t have an imposing figure, she was pretty skinny and small for a shifter, but somehow, she held intimidating authority with the way she talked and moved, as if it radiated from her body now. They almost felt like they were witnessing the rage of the Alpha instead and felt dreadful for Jemma. 
How stupid that servant was to strike Hanna? They condemned her act of violence against Hanna. Probably, that was how she usually was, intimidating the other servants in Alpha Gallot’s pack, but she should know better when she came to a different pack. Because they didn’t behave the same way here. 
"What? Your servant needs to be taught a lesson!" Jemma tried to make a front before Iris, but it was clear to see that she was scared of the Luna. 
"Luna Iris, you didn’t know what happened earlier, but your servant was really rude to us." Sofia tried to soften Iris’ anger, but if she knew, she wouldn’t have tried at all because right now, Iris’ attention shifted to her. 
"Rude?" Iris asked. 
"Yes, she blocked our way when we were going to talk to you," Sofia replied. She tried to be as calm as Iris, but her heart was beating painfully in her chest, as fear crept in. 
"I told her to do so because I don’t want to talk to you, but you injured her for that?" Iris didn’t give the order, but Hanna knew how she felt and the last thing she wanted was to talk to Sofia. 
Sofia was surprised to hear what Iris said, but she immediately regained her composure and found a way to explain the situation. 
"I want to have a talk with you Luna, regarding what happened yesterday." Sofia looked pitiful, as she lowered her head and stared at her bulging stomach. "I think it’s not right for you to punish those people just because they treated me nicely." 
Here she was, appealing to Iris, in front of the crowd, as someone, who stood by them pleading to the Luna to lift the punishment when it was not even her, who had punished them. How twisted the way her thought process was... 
Iris was in a tight spot, whatever she did, she would always end up with the short end of the stick and they would never be able to see her for who she was. 
They thought Iris would defend herself, explaining why she didn’t forgive Kaz and the others for treating Sofia nicely. 
But unfortunately for them, Iris no longer gave a shit about the way they looked at her, nor did she want to explain herself for something they were clearly able to understand, since it was what they were doing.
If they wanted to hate her, she should, at least, give them a reason to do so, thus they could do it to their heart’s content. 
"Guards!" Iris called out for the second time and two guards came to approach her. 
All of the people held their breaths, waiting to hear what order Iris would give them. Would she order them to release Kaz and the others? 
However, what came out of Iris’ lips made them gasp in shock. 
"Drag this ungrateful servant to the front yard, I want her to be lashed a hundred times!" Iris roared her first order, probably she didn’t realize it, but she used her luna’s voice to make them unable to do anything else, aside from accomplishing her order. "Call Redmond to deliver the punishment!" She finished. 
Redmond had been avoiding the pack house like a plague and Iris wanted to drag him back. Moreover, she didn’t believe the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack would uphold justice for Hanna by whipping Jemma, since she knew very well how much they hated this punishment, especially to women, since it reminded them of their own predicament. 
But, Redmond was different, he was taught to do this from an early age when he joined the ranks of warriors in the Blue Moon pack. More so, he wouldn’t have any inclination to show mercy on Jemma. 
"Luna! A hundred lashes will kill her!" Sofia started freaking out, while Jemma tried to free herself from the guards, who dragged her away to the front yard, as per Iris’ instructions. 
"It’s such a pity she will die for her own stupidity," Iris replied callously, she glanced at Sofia, as if she meant nothing to her. 
"Luna, are you jealous because I am carrying the alpha’s child?" Sofia asked between her sobs, she tried to stop Iris from walking away from her. 
"No." Iris shook her head to emphasize her answer. "You need to take good care of your baby. A pregnant woman shouldn’t be stressed." Iris then looked at the crowd and found the one person she was looking for. "Maria, you can tend to Sofia while Jemma is away. You are so good at taking care of pregnant women, why don’t you take her to rest? She looks so stressed. It is not good for her baby. She is carrying the Alpha’s first child after all." 
The crowd looked very uncomfortable with Iris’ last statement, as they lowered their heads. Maria approached Sofia timidly. She didn’t dare to raise her head to look at Iris directly. She was afraid of her, as she gave off an intimidating aura. 
"La... Sofia, please come with me," Maria said, as she held Sofia’s elbow. 
"No! Please, tell her, her punishment is way too harsh! Her maid will recover in a few hours! She will heal perfectly by tomorrow, but a hundred lashes is too much!" 
Iris simply stared at Maria, so she didn’t need to read what Sofia was spouting. "She is your responsibility now. Understood?" Iris didn’t raise her voice, but Maria could hear her crystal clearly, even when Sofia was having a meltdown. 
"No! Don’t!" Sofia was screaming now, she was trying to chase after Iris when she turned around and was about to leave, but Maria stopped her, trying to talk some sense into her, to calm her down. 
But then, the next second, Sofia collapsed. She lost consciousness because she was overwhelmed by her emotions and all of them screamed to see this. A few people even immediately rushed to help. 
Fortunately for Sofia, Maria was there to break her fall and some people got to her in time to hold her body and lay her down on the floor carefully, which prevented her from suffering a fall and something more mortifying from happening. 
Iris noticed the commotion and the horrendous expressions of the people around her, as she turned around and saw what was actually happening. 
"Luna Iris... please, Sofia will be..." Maria was about to plead with Iris, to take pity on Sofia. 
However, Iris immediately cut her off. "I told you, she is your responsibility now, if something happens to her and the child in her stomach, you will be held accountable for that."
###Chapter 431: THEY SHED THEIR MORAL
Chapter 431: THEY SHED THEIR MORAL
Iris shouldn’t be blamed for this, because she had already told Maria that Sofia was her responsibility. It should be her who had to take care of the pregnant woman that they all fancied. She had nothing to do with this. 
"Just like you always said, she is pregnant with the Alpha’s firstborn, you will be held accountable if something happens to her and the baby." Iris stared at Maria’s shocked expression coldly. What was there to be surprised about? If they really cared about the woman, they should stop arguing with her and take her somewhere else immediately. 
And, this was not Iris’ problem anymore. She turned around and left them, as everyone stared at her with gaping mouths, as they didn’t expect her to be so callous like this. 
Iris straightened her back and walked across the hall. Let them stare at her. If they really wanted to paint her as a bad person, they could do it as they wished. 
With that, Iris walked out of the room, she headed toward the front yard, where Jemma was being held. Some people gathered around and then some more, until it got crowded. They whispered among each other about what had happened in the main hall and they grimaced to see how Jemma wailed. 
She looked mortified to be forced to drink the Rottingbane leaves, to prevent herself from shifting into her beast. Then, she was tied to a pole with her back facing the crowd. The young woman cried out loud, she ranged from pleading to have Iris’ mercy to straight up cursing at her and wishing for Hanna’s death, back to begging Iris again.
And what left people dumbstruck was; how Iris stayed so calm throughout this entire ordeal, as she stood a few steps away from where Jemma was being tied. Her blue eyes looked so dead, as if she didn’t feel any emotions right now. 
Probably, that was all thanks to her mate, as some of one’s mate personality would rub off onto themselves and they both would become the reflection of each other, because right now, they felt like they were seeing the Alpha. This nonchalant Iris was a reminder of Cane’s personality. Their alpha rarely showed his emotions in the open for people to know what was going on in his mind. 
And at this moment, that was what Iris was doing. She looked aloof, as if all the pleas and insults that were being thrown at her meant nothing. 
That could be true, because the only thing in Iris’ mind was Hanna’s blood stained face. Her blood was still on her hand from when she touched her earlier. The same image played again and again in her mind. It was too much blood and Iris had never seen Hanna being in so much pain after she found her years ago. 
This fact alone made her blood boil. She was waiting for Redmond to come. 
However, instead of Redmond, it was actually Ethan and Will who came toward her with Jace closely following behind the two of them. 
People sighed in relief to see the Beta and the Gamma there, they must be able to talk her out of executing this punishment. It was too cruel for the young girl, she could die and they didn’t want to see people die anymore in this pack. Aria’s death was still fresh in their hearts. 
Iris frowned to see Will walk straight to her and then kneel down in front of her solemnly. This would be the first time for him to take the initiative to talk to her, while Ethan and Jace nodded out of respect to the Luna. 
"I asked for Redmond," Iris stated, her voice oddly devoid of any emotions. "Where is he?" 
Will lifted his head, so Iris could read what he was going to say. "Luna Iris." His eyes glinted with determination, as his jaw hardened. "Please, allow me to deliver the punishment." 
People gasped to hear Will’s plea, but then they remembered that Will and Hanna were in some kind of relationship before they went to the capital city, though after they returned, the two of them didn’t look like they got along well. 
"Have you seen Hanna?" Iris narrowed her eyes and watched how Will clenched his fists tightly. Anger flashed in his eyes, as he gritted out the answer. 
"Yes." 
Fair enough. If Redmond couldn’t do it, Will surely would be able to deliver the punishment. "Do it. A hundred lashes, no more, no less." 
Will nodded and then got back on his feet to get the whip. This thing felt so heavy in his hand, as it bit into his palm. Will was familiar with it, since it was him, who used to be lashed. He knew how it felt to be a recipient of this vicious tool. 
However, he didn’t want to be moral right now. The only person he cared about more than himself had been hurt inside the pack that he protected by an outsider, who held no importance here and he wouldn’t hesitate to go ballistic. 
Jace came closer to Iris, trying to advise her, while Ethan stood by her side and stared at Will, the Gamma had this emotionless expression on his face. 
"Luna, don’t you want to reconsider your punishment?" Jace asked, trying to talk with Iris, as he found this punishment came from anger. One shouldn’t decide a punishment when they were not emotionally stable. It would bite their conscience once their anger subsided and the Beta didn’t want that for her. 
"There is nothing to be reconsidered," Iris replied. 
"Or at least, let someone else do it. Will..." Jace glanced at Will, who was ready to deliver the first lash. "He will kill her..." Jace knew the story of the three guards from Ethan and seeing the determination in Will’s eyes, he realized it wouldn’t end on a good note. 
"Then that must be her fate." 
Jace was shocked to hear that. Pain really had changed people and the same thing could be said about the people in the Howling Wolf pack, as they were no longer able to see Iris without the shadow of their past. 
"Luna, I don’t want you to regret this decision later. The blood will be on your hands and believe me, once your anger disappears, you will question your actions at this moment." Jace didn’t say it to make Iris revoke the punishment, but giving Will the role as the executor of someone, who had hurt the person he loved, was not right. 
"You talk as if you know me, Beta." Iris stared Jace straight in his eyes, which made the Beta avert his gaze, because he felt like he was being intimidated. 
"Luna, but being lashed is something..." Jace immediately stopped himself before he continued his words, but Iris had caught the gist of the thing he wanted to say and her eyes dimmed. 
"Believe me, Beta, I know how it feels. The people in the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack are not the only people who are familiar with my father and brother’s brutality. I still carry the scars on me." 
With that, Jace lowered his head and didn’t say anything anymore. He knew when to stop and didn’t push further. He couldn’t afford to cross her right now. 
And with that, all of them could hear how Jemma cried, as if she was being slaughtered at the first lash on her back. The whip bit through the fabric of her dress and tore her flesh, as blood immediately stained her back, splattering the ground with every lash that Will delivered. 
People averted their gazes, they covered their eyes and some of them left the proximity because they couldn’t take it and watch the whole thing unfold, since it reminded them of their dark days and more so, because Jemma’s wail was simply too much, their hearts couldn’t take it. 
More people cried and left, even Jace grimaced and averted his gaze from the scene before his eyes. 
And among all the people, probably it was only Iris, Ethan and Will, who were not affected by it. They remained oddly calm, as they watched the whole thing unfold, as if they had sold their souls to the devil and now, their hearts were not able to feel anything. 
And somewhere, miles away, the light around the five swords dimmed even more. 
============================= 
"Can you stop treating me like this? And answer my questions already." Haco felt so much headache when he tried to make the lycan talk, at least, answer some of his questions, but this cursed creature didn’t want to open his mouth. 
"Where is my mate? I want her." 
"I will call her here later, but right now, there are a lot of things she needs to handle." 
Silence. 
Haco facepalmed himself. He really needed Iris to make the lycan talk. "I feel like I am dying." 
"You are." The lycan stared Haco straight in the eyes with his black eyes. 
It took the sorcerer two hours to make him drink the potion he made to change his eyes color. He needed to bring up Iris’ name a few times before he relented and gulped down the entire potion. 
While Lu could go out of this study room by himself and look for Iris, he looked reluctant to step outside, or rather too lazy to do so. Somehow, he looked a little bit lethargic, as if he was holding himself back. 
"Yes, because of you," Haco grumbled, he gave Lu a dagger look. 
"Indeed." Lu nodded, agreeing with him. 
Haco got a bad feeling in his gut when he heard that.
###Chapter 432: THAT’S THE PLAN
Chapter 432: THAT’S THE PLAN
"What do you mean by that?" Haco got this feeling that there was something more to Lu’s words. He hunched his back, waiting for his answer. "Lu, at least, have some decency and tell me what it is. You have used me for five whole decades." 
Lu stared at Haco. "You have at least a year more left." 
"Why so? Are you being a clairvoyant now?" 
"I was extracted from you. You can say I have been your life force for the past five decades, your life force is attached to me." Lu crossed his arms in front of his chest, staring at Haco lazily, while the sorcerer tried to process this piece of information. 
"And why is it only my life force that’s attached to you? Why isn’t it vice versa?" Haco was still hoping that Lu just said something nonsense, but then if there was something he really knew about this lycan; he was always true to his words. 
"Because I am not even alive, old man." Haco massaged his temple when he got the answer. "Feeling better now you know about it?" 
"No!" Haco snapped, but then he sighed deeply and his tone turned a little bit calmer when he talked again. "After you used me for five decades, only now you found time to drop this information that I am finally free from you." 
Lu scoffed. "The day you were kicked out of the Holy Kingdom was the best day in your life, admit that." Lu tapped his temple, indicating that there was a time when they shared their thought processes. 
Haco scoffed back at him. His grey hair glinted under the sunlight that filtered through the open window, as his wrinkled lips tugged upward. "I think the Holy Kingdom is indeed not a place for me." 
Silence ensued as the two of them fell deep in their own thoughts, before Haco threw the same question that he had been dying to know an answer for at him again. 
"Was the first Serafim your mate?" 
Lu clicked his tongue. He showed an expression which clearly showed him that he didn’t want to talk about this, but the sorcerer was persistent. 
"At least, let me die in peace. You will not die again just because you answer a question of mine, you know." Haco knew the reason why Lu died and if the first Serafim was indeed his mate, a lot of things would finally make sense from the history that he read a long time ago. 
"Yes, that cheeky woman caused my demise." 
Even though that was the truth, Lu still couldn’t bring himself to cuss at her and regard her accountable for his death. His love for her was so deep and he was willing to go through it all over again just to keep his promise to her. 
That woman was truly the death of him, but there was no regret. 
Thankfully, he didn’t need to be bound to the same stupid promise he made centuries ago, now it was a different lifetime. 
================================ 
At the forty- seventh lash, Jemma stopped crying, letting out only a small whimper every other second. Her body stopped struggling and at the fifty- two lash, she went still. She did not even make any small sound, still Will continued until the last lash and only then did he stop. 
People would see him as a monster now and he didn’t care. 
The young, sweet boy that they knew, someone that still had a warm heart even after his slavery days and always looked so peaceful, as he avoided conflict and used to be the pacifist, had now turned into someone else completely. 
Will wouldn’t hurt someone if it was not necessary and was very compassionate, but then, here he was, standing in front of the bloodied girl that he whipped to death, feeling nothing. He was broken beyond repair. There was no fixing for him. 
Blood soaked the ground and some of it splashed on his chest, face and hair. His hand was bleeding because he gripped the whip too tight. 
The whip dropped from his hand and then he walked toward Iris to inform her the punishment had been delivered. 
"You may retreat," Iris said and Will immediately resigned himself, all of them knew where he would go. "Release her." 
Two guards immediately came forward and lowered Jemma’s still body to the ground. Her healing ability couldn’t keep up with the wounds that she sustained. 
"Lu- luna..." One of the guards stuttered, as he rushed toward Iris and knelt down in front of her. He was trembling under Iris’ gaze. "Luna, the girl is... dead." It sounded like a whisper, but all Iris needed to do was to read his lips, so she understood what he was saying. 
"Bury her." 
And that was it. Iris didn’t even show an ounce of sympathy whatsoever, as she turned around and left the scene. Everyone made way for her, they were extremely afraid of their luna right now, as they tried not to attract her attention and make any mistake in her presence. They felt their dark days creep back in, hovering above their heads. This feeling was almost the same as when Alpha Gerald still ruled over them. 
Meanwhile, Iris couldn’t care less about these people. 
While people looked afraid of the Luna, Ethan didn’t seem to feel the same. He didn’t find what had happened had any meaning, but still, he instructed the guards to carry the girl’s body to the mountain. 
"You want to bury her there?" Jace asked, he frowned to see how nonchalant Ethan was. 
"Yes. Next to Aria’s grave. The view is nice." Ethan thought about it for a while. "Do you want to come with me and visit her?" 
"No." Jace shook his head. "There is nothing to see. I am not interested in visiting a tomb." 
Ethan shrugged his shoulders. He was not really interested in seeing Aria’s tomb either, but like he said, the view was nice and he needed some alone time for himself. 
============================== 
Will stood in front of the door to Hanna’s bedroom, but he had not yet decided whether or not he wanted to enter. He still had blood on him and was at a loss. He couldn’t think straight, not because he just killed a young girl, who had hurt Hanna, but because he didn’t feel any guilt at all after doing so and deep down, he knew it was so wrong. 
But then, after an hour of standing there, Will finally decided to leave. But, at the same time, someone opened the door from the inside and Amee walked out of the room. 
"How is she?" Will asked the old lady. 
"She will be fine by tomorrow, Grace is with her." Amee gave him a reassuring smile and Will simply nodded politely and walked away, but Amee caught up with him. 
"Is that your blood?" Amee asked, pointing her finger at him. 
"No." 
"I guessed so." Amee nodded in understanding. "Thus, it must be the girl’s blood. I think the Luna will not mind if Grace looks after her too, right?" 
"I don’t know." Will hastened his pace, because he didn’t want to talk with Amee. 
"Go and change your clothes, clean yourself and come see her." Will didn’t give any reply to that, but when Amee spoke again, he halted his step for a while. "She is looking for you. You know what, Will? You have given her much more pain than the wound on her face with the way you treat her." 
========================== 
Jace jogged behind Iris, he caught up with her before she entered the Alpha’s bedroom. If Iris could hear, she would have been able to hear the anguished cries from the luna’s bedroom, where Maria was trying to calm Sofia down. 
She would cry even more when she learned her personal maid servant had died while receiving punishment. 
"Iris," Jace called Iris and grabbed her hand to stop her. 
Out of instinct, Iris swatted his hand and backed away, her eyes were on alert, even when she realized it was just Jace, she didn’t put her guard down. 
"What is it?" Iris asked, her voice was so calm, it was almost eerie. 
Jace looked hesitant and then went to open the Alpha’s bedroom. "Let’s talk inside." He didn’t know how their conversation would go, but he was sure this was not something that other people should hear. 
Jace held the door open and let Iris go inside first, where her lizard immediately came to her and snuggled against the crook of her neck, seemingly very happy to see her again, since it was so rare to be inside the room, except for nights, but she didn’t come last night. 
"What do you want to talk about?" Iris fished out something from her pocket, it was a piece of meat that she got from the kitchen on her way here and gave it to the little lizard, which couldn’t be considered little anymore. 
"I am not saying this because I want to say what you have done is wrong," Jace started carefully, he was trying to find the right words to say, but in the current situation, it seemed there was nothing right. "But, I think killing Jemma will disrupt Cane’s plan." 
Iris cradled her lizard in her arms, as she stared at the Beta. The creature was munching on the meat happily, but its eyes were fixed on Jace, as it could sense his anxiety. 
"Then what is Cane’s plan?" Iris asked. "Now that I think about it, I am sure he can find a way to let people know the baby is not his, why did he do nothing about it?" 
Jace gritted his teeth. "Maybe, that’s the plan, Luna."
###Chapter 433: HE IS GONE
Chapter 433: HE IS GONE
"What is Cane’s plan? What is his endgame not to straighten the misunderstanding?" For someone like Cane, who was well versed in twisting every word and fact to his own benefit, this kind of matter shouldn’t be a problem in the first place at all. 
Or probably, it was just her exhausted mind and drained emotions, which talked her into thinking this way. 
She was so tired, she felt so tired. 
"I am not so sure, Luna, but I think it’s part of his plan not to reveal the truth yet." Jace tilted his head, as he contemplated. "Actually, I shouldn’t have discussed this matter with you." 
Iris sighed. She was tired with this game, where she was constantly kept in the dark, but knowing Cane, it was not only her, who was frustrated to be in this position. 
"Then you can deal with the lycan yourself," Iris said, as she turned around with the lizard in her hands, because of what happened recently and how busy she was, she was kind of neglecting the creature. 
Hearing that, Jace was mortified. "No!" He immediately blocked Iris from going out of the room, which made her frown, while the Beta grimaced. "No, please, Luna, I can’t deal with the lycan. You know that it’s only you who can keep him in check." 
Jace only met the lycan for no more than a few hours, but he knew he was not up to the challenge. 
"I don’t know how to help when I don’t know anything," Iris rejected blatantly. Jace wanted to keep her at arm’s length from whatever plan Cane had, but he wanted her to get involved at the same time. 
Jace furrowed his brows, he was contemplating his options, but when Iris was about to walk away again, he gave up. Screw it! If Cane returned, he would explain the situation with Iris and why she knew his plan. 
In Jace’s mind, he didn’t think Cane would share this information with Iris, since he himself barely knew anything about it, as each of them were only given particular tasks and incomplete insights. 
"Okay, okay, I got it. I will tell you." 
Iris stared at him. "You don’t need to if you feel pressured." 
Yes, the Beta was indeed feeling under the pressure, alright? But his hands were tied and his options were limited. "Luna, there is not much that I know about the plan, but I think this will give you some insight." 
Iris said nothing, she just waited for Jace to talk more. 
"Just like you already know, the southern packs are under his control. He is more likely than not to be the only Alpha in the south and next, I think Cane is aiming for the Moon Dew pack, Alpha Gallot’s pack." Jace didn’t know the details of the plan. 
"How?" Iris narrowed her eyes. 
If you knew Cane well, you would be familiar with his methods. He would keep all the details to himself and distribute the tasks to his people, therefore, when Cane was absent like this, everything went spiraling, because they were not sure what the next step they should take. 
Cane was someone who hated explaining himself after all. 
And what Jace said made rather sense if you saw the whole situation from Cane’s perspective and his way of executing a plan. 
"Cane has been sending spies to the Moon Dew pack and the black market ever since Sofia arrived in this pack. He has planned something about her, but he didn’t explain anything to me." Jace looked at Iris deeply. He didn’t realize until now how this woman had changed in the past half year. 
A lot of things must have happened during their journey to the capital city and from what he heard, many things indeed had happened when they stayed in the palace alone. 
"Luna, look." Jace cleared his throat. "Even though Cane saw Sofia as a nuisance, he still let her stay in this pack, he even let her occupy your room and the whole pack misunderstood the situation." Jace then gave his opinion on this situation, which was related to the deal between Cane and the King. 
He thought Cane did this to end the whispers among people who thought he couldn’t have a child, though those whispers were not a real threat, but things could escalate so fast when it involved the King. After all, almost everyone knew what Alpha Gerald had done to him. 
So, Cane wanted to keep the whispers at bay. 
"But, I think it’s more than that. Cane wanted to get to Alpha Gallot through Sofia, but if you ask me how, I am really clueless, Luna. No one really knows what is going on in the Alpha’s head. But, surely, he has been paying close attention to Moon Dew pack and Alpha Gallot’s movements." 
Jace then added hastily when he thought his words were not convincing enough for Iris. 
"Luna, I have seen the way Cane treated you in the past few weeks and if I am being honest, I don’t even believe that Cane can be so affectionate." 
Iris pressed her lips and spoke in an even tone, but her eyes flickered with emotions. "You know Cane did that partly for a show. There’s a point he wanted to emphasize and how people perceive us." Iris could say that much. Cane’s calculative personality kept bothering Iris, making her doubt whether he did everything just because he aimed for something. 
"Yes, maybe you are right, but can you really deny that Cane was not being affectionate with you even without anyone around you?" Jace had witnessed it a couple of times, because in the beginning, he had the same thoughts as Iris. "He really cares about you, Luna and that’s how I see things between the two of you." 
But then, he realized Cane had done it naturally, as if he wasn’t even thinking when he would kiss her head randomly or play with her hair when he read his report. 
For someone who was involved, it would be hard to place the judgment, but from an outsider’s perspective like Jace, he could say for sure that Cane was genuine with her. 
On the other hand, Iris lowered her head. 
She couldn’t deny it. There was no difference from the way Cane treated her when people saw them or when they were alone. "He confuses me." 
Jace nudged her arm to get her attention. "Don’t worry, Luna. You are not the only confused person here. Sometimes, he drives all of us crazy." 
Iris chuckled a bit when she read what he said. 
"Moreover, for someone like the Alpha, he will not do something without meaning, especially when he lets someone that he sees as a nuisance linger around him for long. That must be the reason why he has not yet revealed the truth about Sofia’s pregnancy yet and wants nature to take its course." Jace then clicked his tongue. "And yes, his lack of explanation is really a pain." 
Iris lowered her head and she really wished Cane could return soon, but she didn’t know how to get to him. 
Right at that time, someone opened the door abruptly and a panicked Haco appeared. 
"What is it?" Jace frowned to see the sorcerer’s expression. 
"He is gone!" He hollered in frustration. 
Jace was immediately on alert when he heard that. 
=============================== 
Hanna was inside her room with Grace and Amee, some people had come to see her and express their worry for her current condition, but no one had a heart to tell her about what Will had done and the end of Jemma, Amee also made sure of that, since Hanna still looked so weak after losing a lot of blood. 
"Where is Miss Iris? Why didn’t she come to see me? Is she angry with me because I caused trouble?" Hanna murmured. She didn’t care about the members of the pack, who expressed their concern for her, she only wanted for her missy to come. Remembering how cold and distant Iris was when she sent her away, Hanna couldn’t help but feel nervous. 
"Of course not, there is something she needs to deal with, don’t worry. She will come here soon enough to see you, okay?" Amee tried to calm her. 
She didn’t know the details, but when she asked about this to Jace, the Beta only told her that there was an urgent matter related to the Alpha. 
"Okay," Hanna said dejectedly. 
Probably, the way Will suddenly turned so cold toward her and kept his distance had affected her more than she realized, because right now, she was so scared Iris too would suddenly become so cold and ignore her the way Will did. It was not a pleasant feeling and now Hanna was overthinking. 
Right at that time, a familiar scent hit her, the scent that belonged to the one person she had been longing for. 
Hanna’s body stiffened as she stared at the door and Amee realized it too. "I think it’s time for him to show up," she mumbled under her breath. 
Not long after, someone opened the door and Will entered. He looked as calm as usual, but it was very clear to see that something shifted in his personality and he no longer gave off this warmth. 
Will stood there for a while, as his eyes found Hanna’s and the two of them stilled for a while, until Amee cleared her throat and talked to Grace. 
"Come here with me, Grace. Let’s find more herbs." Amee stood up and dragged Grace out of the room, leaving the two of them alone. 
"What do you want?" Hanna asked.
###Chapter 434: THE CRYING MISTRESS
Chapter 434: THE CRYING MISTRESS
"What do you mean he is gone?!" Jace roared at Haco, which made the sorcerer jump in surprise. "He was with you! You said you were going to keep your eyes on him!" It would be a disaster if Lu walked about randomly. No one should know he was not Cane! 
"I am sorry, but I did not do this on purpose!" Haco shouted back. He was annoyed with the lycan too. "I turned my eyes for just one moment, but in the next second, he already disappeared." 
"How could you not realize he went out of the room?" Jace immediately went out of the bedroom, followed by Haco and Iris. 
"I am not a shifter, okay? I don’t have great senses like you do!" Haco bit back. 
Jace grumbled under his breath and asked the first guard that he met. "Where is Ethan?!" 
"The Gamma went to the mountain, he went to bury the girl’s body," the guard replied. Right. Ethan had told him earlier about that. "Find the Alpha! Once you spot him, don’t engage with him, but tell me immediately, understand?!" The guard was confused, but he nodded his head anyway. "Tell the others about this as well!" 
"Yes, Beta Jace." 
With that, the guard rushed away to carry the Beta’s order, while Jace felt like his head was going to explode. 
Jemma’s death didn’t really affect the pack, since they only knew her for a few weeks, only after Sofia arrived here. More so, she was not easy to be around and they tolerated her behavior only because she was Sofia’s personal maid. 
But still, her death shocked them and left a bitter taste in their mouths, since this was the second death that happened in this pack after Aria and both of their deaths were related to their luna. 
"Don’t you know how to find Cane?!" Jace hissed at Haco. 
"No. Without magic stones, I am useless, remember? I can’t sniff around like you guys can," Haco was panting, he couldn’t keep up with Jace and stopped running altogether. Iris stopped with him as well. "I think if he disappeared, he must be looking for her." Haco nodded at Iris. 
Jace halted his step when he heard that. "You are right. He must be looking for you." 
"I guess so," Iris replied in a small voice, the lizard was still in her arms. 
"He must be sniffing you around, it would be better if you don’t go anywhere." Haco voiced his opinion on this matter. "Why don’t you stay in your room for a while, so he can find you easily?" 
Iris didn’t answer that immediately. She wanted to go see Hanna and look after her, but she thought this matter was way more important. 
She didn’t go visit Hanna immediately because she needed to calm herself down. Seeing her getting wounded like that really aggravated her. She felt like a monster inside of her had been awakened. 
More so, she knew Amee and Grace were there to take care of Hanna. 
"Okay," Iris replied. "Jace, can you tell Hanna I will be there later. Tell her I am caught up with something." 
"Sure." Jace nodded and then raced away to start hunting down his own alpha. Damn it. 
Meanwhile, Haco followed Iris to the bedroom. Since he was not given any magic stones, it rendered him useless in this search for the lycan. He was without his powers after all. Those creatures could find him way faster by sniffing his scent. 
"Iris, there is something I want to tell you," Haco said when they entered the bedroom. He glanced at the lizard in her arms and now he was very sure about this, but then, there were a lot of questions that surrounded the Serafim in the Holy Kingdom. 
"What is it?" 
============================= 
Amee dragged Grace out of the bedroom, so Hanna and Will could have their time together to talk about their problems. 
Amee didn’t know what happened between them because when they left for the Capital city, they looked so happy, as if they could get together, but something shifted inside Will and no one understood what it was. 
Will was someone that you could approach easily, but right now, even Amee herself felt suffocated in his presence, as if he carried a dark aura around him, he looked... feral. 
"Alpha?" Amee and Grace immediately halted their steps when they saw Cane and then lowered their heads solemnly to greet him. 
Cane stared at Amee and then at Grace. That was right, this was the woman he had been looking for. 
"You, come with me." Cane pointed his finger at Grace and beckoned her to follow him. 
Amee frowned. She had known Cane for long, thus she could feel when there was something off with the Alpha, but then, she shook her head. That must be her own imagination. 
She watched Grace follow the Alpha without having a single doubt with the way Cane acted strangely. 
Meanwhile, most of the time, Lu laid dormant, he didn’t care with Cane’s plans and even when he was able to know what was in the Alpha’s mind, he couldn’t care less about that. 
However, this particular matter was the only thing that interested him. Thankfully, he remembered his way inside this pack and Grace’s scent. 
He led them to Grace’s study room, where the smell of herbs was very strong, which made Lu groan. He hated this smell. 
"Where is that?" Cane asked, once they were inside the study room. 
"Where is what?" Grace asked, confused, because she didn’t get what Cane wanted, since they didn’t talk about anything on their way here. 
"That!" Cane raised his voice impatiently, which left Grace shocked upon hearing him. "That, the concoction you made from the water magic stones! Cane gave you a lot and you are supposed to make a concoction so he can reproduce!" His voice dripped with annoyance, since Grace was not quick enough to get what he wanted. 
Those were the same water magic stones that Cane had ransacked from the black market. 
If what Jace said was right, the reason for Cane to keep Sofia here must be along the lines he had a plan to get to Alpha Gallot through her. Not to mention the fact he had been sending spies and put a lot of attention on the Moon Dew pack and black market 
It must be because he wanted the black market along with the hidden mine inside of it, not to mention Lou was wrapped around his palm. The merchant literally worked for him now. 
Meanwhile, after hearing that, only then it clicked in Grace’s mind. "Ah!" 
"Yes, that! Where is it?" Cane clicked his tongue impatiently. "You have been ordered to make this concoction before he went to the capital city, right? Don’t tell me you slacked off?" He crossed his arms in front of his chest now. 
Meanwhile, Grace blinked her eyes, she felt so weird with the way the Alpha was talking, why call himself from a third person point of view as if he was talking about someone else? 
However, seeing how impatient Cane was and how he glared at her, Grace didn’t dare to question the oddity and immediately went to get the concoction she had made before. 
There were two bottles, one in the color blue and the other in the color black. Both were the size of an adult’s palm. 
"Should I drink both?" Cane asked, he lifted both bottles to his eyes. This was the only thing that interested Lu the most among the lot of plots and schemes that swirled in Cane’s mind. 
He tried to follow Cane’s way of thinking, but it didn’t take him long to despise it, because there were so many complications. When he was with Haco, the sorcerer only cared about mundane and simple things. 
"No, Alpha, yours is the black one, while the blue one is for Luna Iris," Grace replied. 
"What is this for?" Lu must have missed this information, because he didn’t remember Cane asking anything about making another concoction for Iris. Well, actually, it could be said he knew nothing about the vessel he was in. 
Grace blinked her eyes, confused. "You are worried that Luna Iris can’t handle... mmh, she can’t handle you, so you want her to nurse her health and be as healthy as possible before you... mmh." 
"Before I fuck her?" Lu asked in a matter of fact tone, as if he was stating that the color of the bottle was black. 
"Mmh, yes," Grace said in a small voice. She felt embarrassed to talk about this with the Alpha, especially when only the two of them were here. 
"Good thinking." Cane nodded, satisfied. "Good job! Go back to your work." 
And after saying that, Cane left the room with the two bottles in his hands, whistling happily, which made Grace’s jaw drop. Since when did the Alpha whistle? What actually happened to him? 
Meanwhile, Lu couldn’t care less about how stunned Grace was. Because right now, he was going to find Iris. They needed to start it soon, so they would know whether the concoction was working or not. 
However, when Cane sniffed the air, his nose scrunched in disdain when he caught this particular scent as a person appeared at the end of the corridor. 
"Alpha Cane?!" Sofia gasped loudly when she finally saw him. She had been trying to find him ever since the breakfast incident, but he would always be away during the day and came back so late at night, after she had already fallen asleep. "Alpha Cane, please, do justice for me..." Sofia cried again.
###Chapter 435: THAT UGLY CHILD IS NOT MINE
Chapter 435: THAT UGLY CHILD IS NOT MINE
Sofia was having a hard time finding Cane. For one, he was always unavailable while the second reason was her pregnancy. She got used to sleeping for longer hours and that added to the difficulty. 
But right now, when she saw Cane for the first time after the breakfast incident, she was so relieved, but then the death of Jemma hit her again so hard. They had been together for years and now she lost her companion. 
The reason why Sofia didn’t stop Jemma was because that was how they usually acted in the Moon Dew pack. As Alpha Gallot had a lot of mistresses, they would fight over everything and Jemma would always be the aggressive one, while Sofia would keep up a front. 
However, this was not the Moon Dew pack and Jemma messed up with Iris at the wrong time. She would have left unscathed if she had faced the timid Iris from the past, who didn’t suffer any of those horrendous things that happened to her in the past six months. 
"Alpha Cane! She killed my friend! She killed my personal maid! I want justice for her death!" Sofia screamed between her cries, while Maria was trying to calm her down and remind her about the baby in her stomach. She was worried Sofia would collapse again. 
Maria was trying to console Sofia when she accidentally heard Jemma had died, thus she took her for a walk. They went to the garden, but Sofia did not feel good and kept crying, thus Maria was about to get her to see Grace and it was when they met the Alpha. 
"Alpha Cane! Please, deliver justice for my friend!" Sofia cried so hard, her face turned red. 
Meanwhile, Lu simply scrunched his nose up, disgusted by the sight before his eyes. 
What was this? Runny nose? So disgusting. Why was her saliva all over the place? Didn’t she realize that? Couldn’t she wipe her face first before talking? 
Lu didn’t like this sight. He wanted to find his Iris and give this concoction to his mate. He couldn’t understand why Cane had to wait, they had arrived in this pack for five days already, but he had not yet told Iris about it at all. 
Yes, and within those five days, a lot of things had happened. 
"Alpha Cane!" Maria approached Cane and she gathered her courage to block the Alpha, to stop him from leaving, while Sofia leaned against the wall, feeling all the emotions rack her body all over again. "Alpha Cane please, what Jemma has done is so wrong, I know, but death is too much of a punishment." 
Lu stopped walking, he narrowed his eyes, trying to recall who this woman was, but he couldn’t remember. He should have paid more attention to Cane’s surroundings, apparently. "Why does it have anything to do with me?" 
Lu suppressed the urge to push this old woman out of his way, but he knew if he did so, even though he was lethargic now, he would end up hurting her and he didn’t want to be reprimanded by his mate again. 
"Alpha, you have not heard about this?" Maria was shocked when she realized Cane didn’t know about what happened to Jemma and what the Luna had done to that girl. 
"Get to the point and scram!’ Lu growled. This woman annoyed him so much. 
Maria jumped a little. She was so scared by the Alpha’s harsh tone. "Th- this early morning..." 
She told Cane everything that had happened between Jemma and Hanna, and even though she didn’t back Jemma attacking Hanna, the punishment was too harsh and now the girl had died. "Alpha, Sofia is very sad, Jemma is her best friend and I am worried something might happen to your baby." 
Lu was half day dreaming as he heard Maria’s explanation, but his eyes shone a little bit darker when he heard the last statement. 
"My baby?" He almost growled at that. How could he have a baby when he was still trying to fix this body? 
"Yes, yes, Alpha..." Maria nodded her head vigorously, though it was so odd to see Cane surprised to hear about his baby. He should have known about this, right? But, the fact the Alpha was finally interested in his baby made Maria brush it off. "Sofia is carrying your firstborn, Alpha. She is very sad now, why don’t you go over and console her a little?" 
Maria didn’t feel bad for pushing the Alpha to be together with Sofia, but she was really afraid of the current luna and her already partial judgment made her lean more toward Sofia now. Everyone was sympathizing with her, especially when she had to go through this when she was pregnant. 
"What did you say? My baby?" Lu frowned, he looked over his shoulder and found that the runny nosed woman leaning against the wall was caressing her bulging stomach, which was a blatant sign that she was pregnant. 
"Yes, your baby, Alpha, your firstborn," Maria said, probably a little bit excited, because right now she really wanted Cane to walk over and talk to Sofia a little. "I don’t want anything to happen to your baby, Alpha, the baby will be your first child, your flesh and blood." 
Curiosity got the best of Lu, as he walked over and stood in front of Sofia, as he stared down at her stomach, as if this was the first time for him to see a pregnant woman. 
Seeing this gesture left Sofia thrilled. Finally, finally he noticed her. 
"Alpha..." Sofia whispered, her voice was trembling, but she didn’t dare to move. She didn’t even dare to breathe a little bit louder when the Alpha trained his focus on her pregnant belly. She even covered her mouth when Cane raised his hand and caressed her swollen stomach. 
Meanwhile, Maria felt this elation in her heart, seeing Cane and Sofia right now, she felt like she was seeing Cane with Leane, his destined mate. 
Probably, this was what the whole pack wanted. They still couldn’t look past the shadow of Alpha Gerald over Iris. Some of them managed to do that, but some of them surely couldn’t and with nightmares still haunting them and the scars from the slavery still marring their minds, it was so hard for them to see Iris with Cane. 
Her existence was a grim reminder of what her father had done, even with everything Iris had done for them, they still couldn’t help it. 
Sometimes, there were feelings you couldn’t control. 
"Alpha, this is our baby..." Sofia choked on her words, she was so elated and happy to finally get some recognition from Cane. She had tears in her eyes when Cane leaned over and pressed his ear against her stomach. If Jemma was still here and Iris didn’t kill her, she would be the happiest person in this world. 
However, the next thing Cane said left both Sofia and Maria stunned. 
"This is not my baby," Cane said, as he straightened his spine, the corners of his lips curled into a disdainful smile. "How could this ugly baby be mine?" 
Ugly baby... 
The Alpha actually called the baby in Sofia’s stomach ugly? 
Sofia and Maria were mortified by what Cane said, thus they didn’t know what to do when Cane walked away from them, whistling while carrying the bottles in his hands. He sniffed the air to look for his mate, he waltzed in the hallway, feeling happy, not knowing he just crushed someone’s heart. 
"What... what did the Alpha mean by that?" Maria stuttered. She frowned, as she stared at Sofia. They indeed treated Iris unfairly, but they had this undying devotion to their alpha. 
Sofia cried harder this time as Cane rejected her and the baby, which made Maria come over and console her again. 
"How could the Alpha not recognize the baby, there is no way I will pass another man’s child as his?" She hadn’t been intimate with anyone after her night with Cane, she really hoped for herself to get pregnant, so she could get away from Alpha Gallot’s clutches and the Moon Dew pack. 
She was so happy when all the people in the Howling Wolf pack accepted her and thought her life would finally be easier now. 
A woman would rely on their mate and son and she grew up with the same notion. 
But now, the man had rejected her blatantly and refused to acknowledge his child. 
"Why does the Alpha hate me so much? I didn’t do anything to deserve this..." 
"It’s okay, it’s okay... the Alpha might be upset because the Luna is angry right now. He will come around once you give birth to the baby. Don’t cry..." Maria hugged Sofia gently. 
================================ 
"He confirmed you are the Serafim, Iris," Haco said in the end, he told her everything about the conversation between him and the lycan earlier. "But, vaguely, I got this idea from the way he talked about the first Serafim. It seems the first Serafim was the cause of his death, though not directly. I am not sure about this, but that’s how I see it." 
"What?" Iris narrowed her eyes. All this Serafim thing still seemed odd to her. 
Serafim was not just anyone, she was a respected figure in this realm and for someone like her to be the Serafim, while there was another person, who was known throughout all the continents as one, didn’t make sense to Iris at all. 
But then, Haco had pointed out everything for her, including the lizard in her arms. 
"Haco, you know people from the Holy Kingdom will arrive half a month from now, right?"
###Chapter 436: UNDERSTANDING IS NOT ENOUGH
Chapter 436: UNDERSTANDING IS NOT ENOUGH
"Haco, you know people from the Holy Kingdom will arrive half a month from now, right?" Iris stared at the sorcerer. Maybe this was because of all the things that happened in the past few weeks, which tired the sorcerer, but he looked like he had lost a few years of life, he looked so old and a little fragile. "They will kill us both if the word reaches their ears. More so, how can you explain the current Serafim’s existence?" 
"I don’t know, Iris, I really don’t. I feel like I got all the clues needed, but no answer," Haco said in frustration. He knew very well what the punishment was for someone who pretended to be a Serafim and he didn’t wish something like that to happen to Iris at all, but then all the signs were there, Iris also half believed him, though the whole thing still sounded so absurd. "I wish I could pry some information from the lycan, since he is here and knows more about what happened in the Holy Kingdom and the Serafim, but he refuses to say more." 
This was another similarity between Cane and Lu, it was hard to get anything out of their mouths, as they kept everything to themselves. 
"Why don’t we check your back? If the symbol of the Serafim was there, it would answer some of the questions." But then Haco added hastily as Iris kept staring at him. "No! It’s not me! I am not suggesting it’s me, who will see your back! Gosh, that lycan will kill me for sure if I ever thought about that!" 
"I know." Iris frowned to see Haco overreacting. "I didn’t say anything about you looking at my back... I will ask someone to check," she said in a low voice. 
Iris felt uncomfortable to show her back due to the horrendous scars. She didn’t want them to pity her and she would be hurt if they were so shocked to see them. 
But if this was something they needed to do, so be it. 
Silence befell on them for a moment. They were still inside the Alpha’s bedroom, while Iris was sitting on the edge of the bed. Haco got comfortable in the single sofa, which looked so big for his skinny figure. His cheekbones protruded and there were more wrinkles on his face. 
"Iris, are you okay?" Haco suddenly asked this mundane question, but Iris knew what he meant. 
"Yes, I am fine." Iris nodded. 
"Good." Haco nodded. "Maybe you already know this, but I only want to say it as a reminder for you." 
Iris stared at Haco with this blank expression, as if she didn’t have any emotions. 
"Things will get hard from here onward with the people in the Howling Wolf pack, but I hope you won’t dwell on it for too long. Cane’s aspiration is so big and this will not be the only pack you will have to put your effort into." 
Iris finally smiled when she read what he said. Her smile was so gentle, but sad at the same time. "I know that." 
Iris had given up on this pack. They didn’t seem to be able to move past the dark history between them. 
More so, the scars were still fresh, as it was only a little bit over a year since they managed to free themselves from the slavery her father subjected them to and there was no due for trauma. 
Even after decades had passed, the trauma would still linger with them. Who was Iris to tell them to get over their fear, anger and trauma when she was the living reminder of her father’s actions? 
She couldn’t force them to see her in a new light, while they were still struggling to heal from their nightmares. Her presence was akin to a nudge to their wounds, which explained how hard it was for them to accept her. 
They had witnessed their loved ones being killed brutally and after Iris saw Hanna getting hurt, she finally knew that she was ready to shed all of her morals to avenge her. 
Anger and fear of losing the only person who had been there for her clouded her mind and blinded her eyes. 
Though it was Jemma, who had done it, she couldn’t stand Sofia either, simply because she was related to Jemma, as she was her missy. 
That was the power that anger and hatred held. 
In that case, how could you respect your tormentor’s daughter when they took your own daughter right before your eyes in the most vicious way, even when that said daughter had nothing to do with that? 
Iris finally understood why it was so hard for most of them to warm up to her after Hanna’s incident. The strong feeling to protect and fear of losing your loved one was so potent, you would want to destroy everything around you after seeing them get hurt. 
However, it didn’t mean she would accept the way they treated her. 
Sometimes, understanding was not enough and there were a few things that couldn’t exist together. 
"I hope around this time next year, everything will calm down slightly," Iris said in a low voice, as if she was talking to herself. 
"I hope so, I really wish to see that happen." Haco’s eyes dimmed slightly, he didn’t say anything about what Lu had told him how he wouldn’t be here in a year from now. 
========================== 
"When will you talk? If you don’t want to talk, you can go, I want to rest," Hanna said, staring at Will, who had been sitting on the chair next to her bed, yet no word came out of his mouth. She had been waiting for so long and there was no sign whatsoever he would start talking. 
On the other hand, Will pressed his palms on his thighs, trying to talk, but he couldn’t. He didn’t want to talk and walk through those memories again, especially to tell her about what happened to him. This feeling killed him from inside and he felt like he was tormenting both of them with his silence, which worsened his guilt. 
His tongue turned numb and he gritted his teeth, trying to get the words out of his mouth. 
But it had been two hours since Will was like this and Hanna had been waiting for all this time. She grew tired and dejected. 
"Let’s not hurt each other and make things clear between us," Hanna finally said. She reached to her neck and pulled something from under her dress. It was the necklace that Will gave her months ago. She unclasped it and reached out to his hand to put it on his palm. "I love you, Will and maybe I will always do, but I can’t stand it. I deserve an explanation, but you won’t give me one and I don’t think you will ever. Let’s end this, so there will be no hard feelings between us. I don’t want to resent you for the way you treat me, because I am so close to harboring such nasty feelings and I don’t want to be that person." 
Will stared at the necklace in his hand, he remembered very well the day he gave it to Hanna and her happy face or how bashful he was. The way his hands kept shaking when he touched her skin and how Hanna smiled beautifully. 
But in the end, Will still couldn’t bring himself to talk to her. He only nodded and then left the room. 
Soft sobs erupted from Hanna’s throat when Will closed the door and left her alone. The pain in her heart was way more intense than the pain on her cheek. 
She felt her heart had been destroyed into a million pieces and she felt this emotion, where you felt a thousand feelings, but at the same time nothing at all. 
There was a huge void in her heart, which was filled with pain. 
But, if only Hanna had been a little bit calmer, she would have noticed Will didn’t go anywhere. He squatted down right beside the door of her bedroom and stayed there, only staring at the necklace in his hand, as tears started to trickle down from his eyes. 
He fought his own demons in his head to put an end to it. 
============================ 
"My sweet moon!" Lu entered the bedroom and found Iris near the fireplace, while Haco was snoring on the single sofa, sleeping. 
On the other hand, Iris felt the movement behind her and turned around, but her sight was immediately covered by Cane’s chest, as he hugged her so tightly and kissed her forehead a few times giddily. 
"My sweet moon!" 
"Mm! Let me go, you are squeezing me!" Iris protested, but she only got more kisses from Lu. "Where have you... mm!" 
Lu pressed his lips to hers and gave her more pecks here and there. 
"I really missed you! You know what? I got good news for you!" Lu looked so excited with this news. 
But, because of the noises Lu made, Haco woke up, as the old man grumbled to him. "Where have you been?! You know, all the people have been looking for you!" 
Lu tilted his head and glanced at Haco over his shoulder. "Can you give us space? What are you doing there? Scram, will you? I want to have a moment with my mate. I am so sick to see you everywhere." 
"Do you think I am not sick to see you!?" Haco harrumphed and stood up from the sofa. "Humph! I don’t want to talk to you again!" 
"Perfect!" Lu replied.
###Chapter 437: HAVE HER OWN FAMILY
Chapter 437: HAVE HER OWN FAMILY
Grumbling, Haco left the two of them alone inside the bedroom. At the very least, the lycan would oblige Iris and there was nothing to be worried about. 
Meanwhile, he would find someone to inform the Beta that the Alpha was already with Iris. Jace would understand what that meant. 
Inside the bedroom, Iris tried to stop Lu kissing her face. He looked ecstatic for some reason. He didn’t cause any trouble, right? That was all Iris was concerned about because she didn’t want to deal with more trouble, since they already had enough on their plates and without Cane here, it would only complicate things. 
"Where have you been?" Iris asked sternly, she looked at the lycan’s eyes, those were in the same color as Cane’s, but still, Iris couldn’t feel the familiarity when she stared at him at this moment. 
"I went to meet that healer!" Lu was elated when he pulled out something from his pocket. He produced two small bottles, which he waved in front of Iris. "Look! Cane ordered the healer to make a concoction with the water magic stones for his fertility issue. He also ordered her to make one bottle for you, so you can nurse your health!" 
"You went to see Grace?!" Iris was shocked, she was not sure whether the news about Lu going to see Grace was way more shocking than the fact he got the concoction of Cane’s fertility issue from her. 
Iris knew Cane needed the water magic stones to fix his problem, but she was clueless that he had ordered Grace to do something like that, since Cane had never even mentioned anything about it. 
"Yes!" Lu nudged the small bottle that contained blue liquid toward Iris. "Come! Drink this! Let’s try and see whether it will work or not!" He looked like a child, who was asking Iris to play with him. He looked so enthusiastic for her to drink the concoction. 
However, Iris had other worries and she had even more important questions she needed Lu to answer. 
"Lu!" Iris snatched the bottle from his hand, but she didn’t drink it immediately, like what Lu wanted her to do. "Tell me, what did you talk about with Grace? Tell me every detail of it!" 
Iris’ heart pounded hard in her chest, she couldn’t imagine what would happen if Grace found something odd about Cane, but then Grace already knew about the lycan, but she was not sure how she would react if she really figured the Alpha was not actually Cane. 
She and Jace had agreed not to let anyone else know about this and thankfully, Oliver had been entertaining Alpha Dristan and Sir Elijah at this moment, though the two of them kept questioning Cane’s absence. 
"I didn’t hurt her." 
"Okay." That was a relief. "And then? What did the two of you talk about?" 
Lu kept staring at the bottle in Iris’ hand, pouting. 
"Lu?" Iris softened her voice and then caressed his head, which made him purr at her touch. He started to talk about every single detail of the conversation between him and Grace, thankfully, he had a rather good memory. 
"... She stuttered when she talked about it, so I finished her sentence with ’When I fuck her?’ and after that, I left. That’s all. I didn’t do anything at all." Lu frowned when Iris stopped running her fingers through his hair. 
"Wh- what did you say?" Iris could feel the heat from her face and she really wanted to smack this lycan for saying such a thing to Grace. But, of course, that was only in her mind because the embarrassment was so unbearable. 
"Said what?" Lu tilted his head, staring at Iris innocently, as if he didn’t understand what she meant. 
"Y- you said..." Iris couldn’t even say the words. She really wanted to cry. 
Lu frowned even more and then he had this moment of enlightenment when he finally understood what she wanted to say. "You mean when I said ’when I fuck her’?" 
"Lu!" 
Lu still had this innocent expression on his face when he explained it to Iris. "But, I was right. What is wrong with that word? You don’t allow me to use these people in the pack as sacrifice, thus the only thing I can think of is this." He waved the other bottle in his hand in front of her face and this really irritated Iris. 
"Lu, be serious, please!" Iris was thinking of avoiding Grace for a while now and since what Lu said couldn’t be taken back, she would move on to her next question. 
"I am very serious with you." Lu sat with his legs crossed. He looked just like a child who was being reprimanded. He was not sure why Iris was angry at him when he didn’t do anything bad. It was so hard to please her. 
Iris closed her eyes and calmed herself down, trying to put what Lu said to Grace so blatantly in the back of her mind and when she opened them again, she regained a little bit of control over her emotions. 
"Lu, can you explain to me about the things you told Haco? About me being a Serafim? How can you say that?" Iris asked him calmly, hoping he wouldn’t keep his lips sealed this time. "Lu?" 
"You are the Serafim, how can you not know about that?" Lu stopped his childish act and actually looked a little bit serious right now, which made Iris relieved, because it meant they could communicate about this matter. 
"I don’t know, Lu. Seriously, I don’t." Iris shook her head. "The idea is so wild. I can’t even think about the possibility." 
"There is no possibility. It’s the truth." Lu then leaned over and stole a peck on Iris’ lips, which made her upset. 
"Lu!" 
"Okay, I will behave," he said sullenly and the sight melted Iris’ heart. 
She took a deep breath before she spoke again with this unpredictable lycan. "Please, can we talk seriously now?" 
"No kissing?" 
"No kissing." 
"So boring." 
"Lu, I am very serious right now." 
"Okay," Lu said in a defeated tone, but he cheered up a bit when Iris started to caress his head again, which reminded Iris that the lycan liked it when she caressed his soft fur every new moon, so did Cane. 
"Lu, you must know about this, but I can hear you howling every new moon, while you know... I am deaf." Iris had been wanting to ask about this first before she jumped to the question about the Serafim. "How is it possible?" 
Lu lifted his head and then looked at Iris intensely. He didn’t say anything and Iris started to wonder, whether he would even answer this or not. 
But then Lu spoke very softly, though Iris wouldn’t know how tender his voice was right now. "Because my soul called for yours." 
"How’s that possible?" Iris knew there was an explanation for that, but this answer only added more questions to her already long list. 
"You were my mate." But then Lu corrected it. "You are my mate. Our souls can call for each other." 
Iris bit her lips, trying to arrange the next question in her mind. "How is the relationship between you and the Serafim? What happened to both of you?" 
Hearing that, Lu’s soft gaze turned cold, as he scoffed. "She was my mate, but I am her first complication as a Serafim." 
"What do you mean by that?" Iris narrowed her eyes, but at this point, Lu didn’t want to talk about it anymore, his jaw tightened and he didn’t even want to look at Iris. 
However, Iris couldn’t stop now. She wanted to dig more information, since the lycan was here and he knew a lot of things, he could answer many of the questions she and Haco had. "What do you mean that the first Serafim was the cause of your demise? Lu?" 
Iris finally leaned over and pecked his cheek, which made the lycan look at her in disbelief. 
"You said no kisses!" He said in an accusatory tone, while Iris was at a loss. 
"I will give you a kiss if you answer my question," Iris tried to bargain, she felt so embarrassed to even suggest this. If it was really Cane, she would never dare to say anything like that. 
"Five kisses for one question? And then can we end it with sex?" 
"Lu! You are pushing too far!" 
"Do we have a deal?" Lu asked her, excited. 
"Why do you keep talking about sex?" Iris felt her face burn up as the tips of her ears turned red. Why was it the only thing in his mind? This lycan seemed like he had nothing in his mind, but how to impregnate her. 
It was not that Iris didn’t want to carry Cane’s child, but they were not in a situation, where they could talk about this casually, there were a lot of things at stake here. 
"Because only then you can get pregnant," Lu said in a matter of fact tone. He looked unfazed when he talked about this kind of thing, as if it was a normal topic. 
"Why are you so hellbent on having a child?" Iris narrowed her eyes. It was not sex that he wanted, he was just adamant to have a child with her. 
Lu stared at Iris deeply and this time, he extended his hand to caress her earlobe, which made Iris squirm as she swatted his hand away. 
Lu smiled. "Because you were the one who wanted to have a child. You wanted to be normal and have your own family."
###Chapter 438: THE NIGHT IS STILL LONG
Chapter 438: THE NIGHT IS STILL LONG
’If I can, I want to be a normal woman, having no duty to fight the darkness and have a family of my own.’ 
’How many children do you want?’ 
She laughed and he swore, that was the most beautiful sound he had ever heard. He could hear it every second and would never get sick of it. Her blue eyes shone so brightly, as if she held the vast sky. 
’As many as I can.’ 
He still remembered how her voice slightly cracked with sadness when she said that. That was the first time she showed him her fragile side. 
Unfortunately, the memories came from so long ago and the images started fading away in his mind. He desperately held onto them, though the feeling he had at that time still lingered heavily in his chest. 
"Lu, I am not your mate. I am not the woman from your past," Iris said softly, but the lycan simply lowered his head, seemingly refusing the obvious vehemently. 
"You are my mate," Lu said stubbornly. He promised to find her in every lifetime. "You are mine. You are mine to protect." 
Iris wanted to tell him that he had mistaken her for someone else, but seeing how despondent Cane’s face was, she couldn’t bring herself to say it. 
But a second later, Lu raised his head and looked cheerful. "Come on! Drink the concoction! Let’s make babies, my sweet moon!" 
Iris threw her sympathy to this lycan out of the window, because right now, she felt like she wanted to facepalm herself. Why didn’t he have nothing else in his mind, except that? 
Somehow, Iris was not uncomfortable when Lu kept talking like this with her, but she was legit annoyed. 
"Get away from me!" Iris facepalmed Lu when he was about to kiss her again, which made him pout his lips. Iris was sure, the sight of Cane pouting like this would forever be engraved in her mind. "Behave, Lu! And answer my questions." 
Lu mumbled. "Okay..." he said in a small voice. 
Iris took a deep breath, she stared at the sky out there that had turned so dark. The King would arrive early tomorrow morning, which meant they only had less than twelve hours to sort out the problem with the lycan. 
At this point, Iris really wanted to shake Cane’s body and get him back. They were utterly clueless about what to do when the King finally arrived. One wrong move and all Cane’s plans would crumble. 
For now, she tried to get as much information as she could about things that Lu would know, especially about the Serafim and... 
"Lu... I have this dream about the five swords, what is that?" Iris asked him. 
Lu scoffed when he heard that. "Those must be swords of the useless knights, who knew nothing and only became a burden to my Na." He then grumbled something, which Iris couldn’t read. 
"What did you say? I couldn’t catch it." 
"Those five knights were useless." 
If Cane was a reserved person, then Lu could easily cuss you out without even thinking. He spoke his mind so freely. 
================================ 
"Where have you been? Why did it take you so long to bury the girl?!" Jace snapped at Ethan out of frustration. He had been waiting for his return from the mountain after he buried Jemma’s body, but only late at night did he come back. 
"Come here," Ethan said, his voice sounding so dark, as he dragged Jace away from Alpha Dristan and Sir Elijah. 
Since they couldn’t meet with Cane for now, with the reason the Alpha had a lot on his plate to deal with, it was Jace, who handled the problem surrounding the five packs and the border warriors that Sir Elijah had brought with him, because tomorrow, they needed to report what had happened to the King. 
Meanwhile, Alpha Dristan had started to be suspicious about the continuous absence of Cane. Fortunately, Koda was with Lou in the Riverside pack, so he didn’t have someone to move behind the scenes. 
"What is it?" Jace frowned when he saw how serious the Gamma was. Seriously, they didn’t need more problems. They needed a solution, not another headache. 
But, seeing the expression of Ethan, he knew whatever he was going to say wouldn’t be something nice. 
Meanwhile, Alpha Dristan listened to the conversation between Sir Elijah and Oliver, but his eyes followed the Beta and the Gamma. He could sense it, there was something wrong and he really needed to know what it was... 
On the other hand, Ethan stopped dragging Jace with him when it was only the two of them, as they stood on the balcony of the second floor, facing the annex of the warriors. 
"What is it?" Jace frowned. His voice turned serious. He had prepared himself for the worst, but what Ethan was going to say was something he didn’t expect at all. 
"Aria’s body is gone," Ethan cut straight to the point. His brown eyes turned a few shades darker as he gritted his teeth. 
"What? Probably a monster dug the grave out..." Jace was shocked to hear that, but then he felt there was more to it. "Didn’t you dig so deep so the monster wouldn’t be able to find the body?" 
Ethan shook his head. "Someone dug the grave out, Jace. Someone took Aria’s body." 
"Ethan, seriously. I am not ready for this. I don’t know what happened to Aria’s body, we will figure it out later. It might sound cold, but we have another important problem to think about, okay?" Jace sympathized with what happened to Aria’s body. 
However, as cruel as it might sound, she had already died and there was nothing they could do about it. It was not worth to spend their resources or men to figure out what happened in the mountains out there, while they were here waiting for their impending doom without a single hope of finding any solution. 
"Probably the monsters dug the grave and found her body. Let’s think and focus our energy on something more important." Jace felt bad to be so cold toward Aria’s dead body, but with the situation right now, they couldn’t afford to do anything about it. 
Ethan growled, because Jace didn’t get it. He grabbed his elbow and prevented him from leaving. "Someone dug the grave, Jace! Don’t you get it?" Ethan said in frustration, but when he saw Jace really didn’t get it, he explained hastily, which sounded like a rumble. "There is no way monsters dug her grave, because after her death, winter came and the monsters were in hibernation. Don’t you get it? Someone wanted Aria’s body." 
On the other hand, if someone knew about Aria and even went to extra lengths just to retrieve her dead body, it only meant that person had a hidden intention in their mind. What they were going to do with her body was beyond them, since they were clueless about black magic. 
"Jace, this is not good." Ethan shook his head. "We don’t know who that person was and what their motive was, but if somehow the facts were twisted and the Howling Wolf pack was accused of engaging in black magic, Cane’s claim to the five packs will be nullified." 
Anything could happen and proofs could be procured, Cane had proven it time and time again. Therefore, you couldn’t let your enemy catch your tail, because they would cut your head. 
Just like Alpha Gallot. By sending Sofia here, he opened a path for Cane to reach out to him. If Alpha Gallot thought he had Cane wrapped around his finger, it was actually the other way around. 
"You are thinking too far." Jace shook his head. 
"Anything could happen, Jace. That’s why Cane has been very meticulous with his schemes, but even so, there are still a few things that slipped from his grasp." Ethan had seen how Cane was deep in thought, as if something didn’t go according to his predictions. 
"Okay, let’s talk about that later when Cane is here." 
"When will it be?" 
"I don’t know, Ethan! Damn it! My head is going to burst!" Jace was under so much pressure right now. He couldn’t imagine how Cane could handle everything, while figuring out his next steps, it was so much for his brain to handle. 
"Can’t Iris do something about the lycan?" 
Jace shook his head. "She is trying, but no one knows how to get Cane back." 
"What actually happened to them? Why did the lycan suddenly appear?" 
======================================= 
Iris couldn’t sleep, her mind wandered in the bright room, as she stared at Cane by her side, but she knew it was not him. 
The lycan didn’t answer many of her questions and he looked lethargic, as he curled himself on the rug near the fireplace to sleep, but Iris shook him awake to go sleep on the bed. She didn’t want Cane to get sick or something by sleeping on the rug for two nights straight. 
And here she was, trapped between his arms, as Lu nuzzled her neck and slept like dead. 
Iris couldn’t help it, she extended her hand and ran her fingers through his hair. She felt the comfort that she used to get from Cane, thinking it was him, who was cuddling her. 
However, when her mind was wandering aimlessly, Cane suddenly opened his eyes. He looked sleepy and tired, as he pulled her even closer to him, he literally squeezed her. 
"Sleep, it’s still night," Iris said softly, but Cane lifted his head and leaned over to kiss her lips gently, as his other hand held the side of her face.
###Chapter 439: HELP ME
Chapter 439: HELP ME
Iris was surprised when she felt Cane’s cold lips against hers and she struggled to push him away, yet he was as sturdy as a rock. There was no amount of strength that Iris could muster to move him, as his tongue licked her bottom lip lazily. 
Iris felt her heart start beating so fast when Cane caressed her cheek, down to her neck to her collarbone. She shuddered when his fingers brushed her breasts down to her waist and fisted the fabric of her dress, skimming it up her legs. Every inch of her skin sizzled at his touch and an empty ache formed low in her stomach when his fingers made contact with her bare skin. 
Iris gritted her teeth to hold back a whimper, she felt like she was cheating on Cane by letting him touch her intimately like this, but then, it was Cane. 
His palm was rough, but his body temperature felt so wrong against her skin, as he was so cold, it made her shiver. 
She felt guilty, but at the same time, she didn’t want him to stop, which made her feel even guiltier. The empty ache between her legs pulsed and probably he knew how aroused she was, as he growled against her lips. He must have known how disturbed his mate was. 
When Iris slightly parted her lips, he used this chance to kiss her harder. The kiss was not as considerate as she felt before, it was so different, his kiss was demanding and this made her open her eyes and see Cane’s face. 
Iris was conflicted, it was the man she wanted, but at the same time, it was not him. How could she explain herself to Cane? Did he even realize what was happening? Just like how Lu could read Cane’s mind if he wanted, could Cane do the same? 
When Iris was still not sure whether to give in to her own desire, as she had never wanted someone to touch her as badly as Cane did, he trailed his mouth down her neck, which made Iris arch her back off of the bed. 
The opposite of his demanding kiss, he moved very slow and considerate enough to let her adjust to his touch. 
"My sweet moon," he whispered against her skin, as he pulled down the front of her dress and sucked on her breast, while his fingers slid beneath her undergarments, brushing her clit and teasing her entrance. 
"Ah!" Iris fisted the sheets and dug her heels into the bed. 
It was strange, but she grew hotter and her breathing turned ragged. 
This was wrong, wasn’t it? She couldn’t let this happen, since it was not Cane, so it was wrong, right? 
"Damn it! Damn it!" He cussed under his breath, as he kissed her lips again, sucking on her tongue and driving two fingers inside her, which made Iris groan, as he moved them in and out slowly and with every movement, he would push further inside of her. 
The feeling was so intense and when Iris realized it, it was too late for her to go back or even stop what they were doing. This intense feeling tipped her over the edge and she shook beneath him as his fingers fucked her agonizingly slow. 
He stopped the movement at the same time he stopped kissing her, which made Iris open her eyes and register his hooded gaze on her, mesmerized by the sight of his mate and the frustration that he caused, but then Iris saw someone standing in the doorway of the adjoining door to the Luna’s bedroom. 
It was Sofia, she was standing there, watching them with a mortified look on her face and this made Iris do something that would embarrass her if she had a sober mind, as she guided Cane’s fingers to her opening and started to move her hips. 
"Cane..." Iris called his name softly, but her voice dripped with frustration, since he stopped right before she could find her release, he intentionally bothered her this way, as she could see a small smile tug up the corners of his lips. 
That was how Cane would smile and it filled Iris with desperation, she wanted him desperately. 
"Cane, please, come back to me..." a tear rolled down her eyes when she could feel his fingers working on her opening again. At this point, Iris didn’t care whether Sofia was watching them or not, she hoped, tomorrow she would remember to ask someone to block the door. 
It didn’t take long before her whole body shook beneath him and he swallowed every whimper from her mouth, as pleasure washed over her. 
Iris had never felt this way before, there was no pain, only pleasure and once she was sated, exhaustion came to her, while he peppered small kisses on her cheeks and forehead.
And lastly, he kissed the tip of her nose, while saying something in the most gentle voice. "Sleep Iris, you need to rest." 
Iris could feel his steady heartbeat and warmth against her as she drifted to sleep. 
========================== 
Will stared at the puddle of blood on the floor, which dripped from the incision he made on his wrist that started to heal again, while the necklace that Hanna returned to him sat pitifully on the table in front of him. 
There was no emotion whatsoever on his face, while he made another incision again with the dagger on his hand. He did this a couple of times and only the silence in this room became a witness to what he was doing to himself. 
This time, the incision was deeper than before and a lot of blood oozed out from the deep wound on his wrist, but it was not enough, the pain was not enough to numb his already numbed feelings. 
At this point, even the pain that he inflicted on himself was inferior to the pain he felt in his heart. 
He should have gotten rid of this misery, since what Princess Osana had done to him was something that he was not unfamiliar with. She was right, he had done it countless times before and it shouldn’t have bothered him as much. 
However, he had tasted the sweetness of hope. 
When they got free from the slavery and got back the control of their pack back, that was a moment of hope, his heart filled with light and when Hanna accepted him and his flaws, forgave him for his mistakes, he knew he could start his life anew. 
The torch of hope in his heart burned brightly, it blinded his eyes with happiness, until everything fell apart and his world crumbled at his feet once again when he had to return to the same hell he had been to before. 
But this time, there was no hope anymore. 
No. Will didn’t want to let himself have any hope, because it would only make one fall even harder. He wanted to end this misery. He didn’t want to get hurt or feel this numb anymore, but then, he knew if he did something recklessly, he would hurt her, though he already did. 
He was stuck between the feeling of wanting to drive the dagger straight into his heart and end everything, and to hold on a little bit longer. 
Yet, staring at the necklace, he knew the second option wouldn’t hurt her as much as the way he treated her right now. 
However, from the distance loud footsteps could be heard and the door slammed open with so much force, until it made a pitiful sound. 
"Will! What are you do... fuck! FUCK!" Ethan cursed so loudly when he saw what happened to Will, there was a lot of blood on the floor. This room was filled with the metallic scent of it. 
For a moment, Ethan was too dumbstruck to even react. He didn’t even breathe, as his mind worked so hard to digest the scene before his eyes. 
He came here to advise Will not to wallow in sadness, since Hanna would be fine in the morning and also reprimand him to skip the urgent meeting, since the King would arrive in less than four hours now. 
But, he didn’t expect to see this horrendous sight. 
Ethan knew Will had been acting so strangely lately, but because he didn’t say much and he was clueless about what was happening, he thought Will just needed some time alone. 
"Damn it! Damn it!" Ethan immediately approached Will and inspected his wound. "Fuck, Will! What happened to you? Are you feeling guilty because you killed that girl!?" Ethan knew it sounded absurd for Will to hurt himself for causing Jemma’s death, but he completely and utterly didn’t have any idea what was going on in his mind. "What the fuck are you thinking?! No one blamed you for that! That girl was an outsider!" 
However, Will didn’t respond to Ethan’s strong reaction, he simply whispered desperately. "Help me..." 
============================ 
Lyle approached the drunk Redmond and stared at him with a frown. "Why are you spending most of your time here? I thought you have become the dog of the Alpha," he snickered. 
He still despised the fact Redmond pledged his loyalty to Iris, but he would flip if he pledged his loyalty to Cane. 
"Shut up," Redmond growled at him, as he threw him a dagger look, warning him to stay away from him. 
"Seriously, you look so awful. Why? Can’t find a slut in the capital city?" Lyle knew Redmond was frustrated since there was no brothel in this Howling Wolf pack, so did the rest of the former warriors of the Blue Moon pack. 
"Fuck! I got one pregnant!"
###Chapter 440: I REALLY WANT TO KISS HER!
Chapter 440: I REALLY WANT TO KISS HER!
"Fuck! I got one pregnant!" Redmond cursed drunkenly. He spat a few incoherent words, while Lyle laughed at that. 
Currently, they were at a cheap bar near the main gates of the pack, guarding the area, but the night was so boring and the festivities to welcome the King were not up to their standards, since this was not one of the welcoming parties they used to have. 
"You are so unlucky!" Lyle taunted him as he sat down next to him and got a bottle for himself. "So, you are a father now?" 
"Hm... in less than four months, three months? Ten months? Oh, I am so bad at this." Redmond shook his head, as he opened another bottle and drank the liquid straight from it. "Damn it! I don’t want a drooling creature!" 
Lyle laughed again when he heard that. They had been friends since they were really young and if he could say, he was the most trusted person to Redmond, that was why he was his second in command. 
"Where is that girl? Why don’t you bring her here? You may not like the baby, but if the momma is hot, you can pass her to us once she has given birth." The corners of Lyle’s lips tugged upward, as he suggested such an immoral thing. 
For a moment, Redmond only blinked his eyes at him, but then the next thing happened so fast, as he grabbed a bottle of wine and slammed it so hard on Lyle’s head, which sent the man falling to the ground and this garnered the attention of the people around toward Redmond, waiting whether it would turn into a brawl? 
"I would rather have her killed than watch you pass her around among you guys," Redmond slurred, he saw how Lyle shook his head, trying to get some clarity about what just happened, but definitely, he couldn’t, as he stood up and grabbed Redmond by his collar and lifted his body. 
However, Redmond fought him back, as he swung a punch at his face and a fight broke out in the bar. Both of them swung continuous punches and cursed under their breaths. 
Thankfully, Redmond didn’t shift into his beast, or else, Lyle wouldn’t have stood a chance, since he couldn’t shift into his own, because they still had to take the Rottingbane leaves regularly. 
People around the bar, who were mostly the former warriors from the Blue Moon pack, cheered them on to fight more. It was such entertainment to watch them fight, since they didn’t have many things to amuse them ever since they fell under Alpha Cane’s thumb. 
People in the Howling Wolf pack were so boring, they didn’t even know how to throw a proper party. 
"Fight! Fight! Fight!" 
All the people chanted to watch the two people fight. 
But, their cheers stopped when Stone and Avid rushed into the bar and put a stop to the fight, as they dragged each of them away from one another. 
The former warriors of the Blue Moon pack started booing at them for interrupting their entertainment, but soon stopped when Stone told them he would throw them all to the mountains if they really wanted to have some entertainment. 
"Damn you, Redmond!" Avid grumbled, while dragging Redmond’s body out of the bar. "Why did you choose to get drunk now when the King will arrive in a few hours?! You have an important task to do, you know!" 
Redmond had been acting weirdly, he had been spending his time at the main gates and avoided the pack house, even when Iris summoned him to come, he refused to go. 
"I don’t want to be a father!" Redmond wailed drunkenly. "I don’t want a drooling creature!" 
"Oh, shut up! Who wants to have a father like you?!" Avid didn’t know what happened that night, though he was also there when they went to the Moon Dew pack. 
============================= 
Iris woke up when she felt someone shake her body lightly. She felt exhausted and wanted to sleep a little bit longer, but this person was so persistent to wake her up, thus she opened her eyes and found Cane sitting on the edge of the bed, staring at her. 
"Wake up, we need to greet the King," he said lightly after he saw her wake up. 
Iris blinked her eyes, tried to gather her thoughts, but then her eyes opened so wide, she immediately sat down and grabbed Cane’s hand, as she shook her head. 
"No! You can’t meet with the King, Jace and Haco came up with an idea..." 
But, before she could finish, Cane said, "It’s okay now." 
Iris blinked her eyes when he leaned over to kiss the tip of her nose. Her heart thumped wildly in her chest, as the realization hit her. The way he talked, the way he kissed her... she recognized it almost immediately. 
On the other hand, Cane watched how tears trickled down from her blue eyes before she threw herself at him and almost knocked him off the bed. If he didn’t have a strong stance, they would be on the floor already. He held Iris tightly, since they were on the edge of the bed now and she could fall too, yet his mate didn’t care about any of that. 
"I am sorry, I am really sorry. I am sorry, Cane... I didn’t mean to hurt you. I didn’t mean it. I swear..." she cried against the crook of his neck. Her messy hair covered his face and all Cane could see was her auburn hair, the color that had grown on him. 
Because Iris wasn’t looking at him, he didn’t say anything and only hugged her close to him. He closed his eyes and breathed in her scent, as Iris kept apologizing. 
He let her talk and didn’t interrupt her at all, until she finally calmed down and loosened her arms around his neck and Cane pulled back a little until he could see her face. Her eyes were puffy and the tip of her nose and her lips were so red, as she kept crying. 
"None of this is your fault, I am the one who needs to apologize to you for putting you through that. It’s my fault for not noticing it sooner that you are in so much pain and I am really sorry." Cane wiped the tears that kept streaming down her cheeks. 
Cane knew what Iris would face once they stepped foot in the Howling Wolf pack. Even Jace and Ethan had warned him, but he still thought Iris would be able to handle it all and the members of his pack wouldn’t be rude enough to her. As it turned out, he was so wrong. 
Letting Sofia to stay in the pack was one thing, Cane didn’t do anything about it because it was in line with his plan, but to completely disregard Iris’ position as the Luna was a different thing. 
He recognized his fault for putting so much attention and effort on outside forces, while he kind of neglected the issue related to the people close to him. 
Just like how he didn’t think it was necessary to improve his people’s comprehensive skills by teaching them how to read and write, since he didn’t see that as something necessary. He was fine with the way they were, until Iris showed him the benefit of having his people having that ability, which made things easier. They got more information because of that too, since people thought nothing of them, thinking they were illiterate. 
"I am really sorry, Iris." Cane grabbed her hands, kissing her knuckles solemnly and rested his forehead on the backs of her hands. 
He knew his flaws and the pain they caused her and he felt sorry for that. 
Iris rested her forehead on the back of his head, as she sobbed softly. The feeling of relief to get him back was something she couldn’t describe. She didn’t know that she had been holding back so much until she felt this. 
However, the serenity inside the room was disturbed when Cane heard someone knock on the door and Ethan’s voice, talking to Jace, traveled inside. 
"Should we enter? She will not be able to hear the knocking on the door," Ethan said. 
"It’s not appropriate to enter, more so, the lycan will raise hell if we sneak inside," Jace replied. 
Slightly irritated, Cane lifted his head slowly and kissed Iris’ lips before he walked toward the door and faced his beta and gamma. 
"Gosh! Lu!" Ethan was shocked when the door was suddenly opened. "Is Iris awake? Can we talk to her?" 
"What do you want to talk about with her?" Cane asked, his voice was slightly cold. 
Hearing the question, Ethan and Jace sighed deeply. Here we go, the lycan only knew how to make things difficult. 
"We just need to talk to her, okay?" Ethan said, feeling his patience run thin. "She will be so angry if you interrupt. Can you call her?" Ethan craned his neck to see inside. 
"Shouldn’t you two be at the entrance gate to greet the King and his entourage? What are you doing here?" Cane asked lightly, but his voice was firm. 
"Haven’t Iris told you yet? Lu, look..." Ethan wanted to explain, but Jace elbowed him. "What?" Ethan was irritated, yet Jace ignored him. 
"Cane, is that you?" Jace asked hesitantly and Ethan immediately closed his mouth shut. 
"It’s me." Cane nodded. 
There was a moment of silence after that, before Ethan burst into laughter. He was so relieved, he didn’t know how to react properly. 
"Heavens! What had Iris done to bring you back!? I really want to kiss her!" 
"Pardon me?" Cane’s eyes turned cold.
###Chapter 441: HER BODY FELT SO HOT
Chapter 441: HER BODY FELT SO HOT
In a split second, the atmosphere turned cold and tension filled the air. Jace immediately realized how inappropriate it might have sounded, though he knew Ethan didn’t mean it in the literal sense. 
On the other hand, Ethan was also quick to realize his slip of tongue, as he looked at Cane, mortified. "No! No! No! I didn’t mean it that way!" He waved his hands vigorously to emphasize what he said. "I didn’t mean it in a literal sense! I mean it figuratively! I will not do that, it’s only in my mind!" 
Cane’s eyes dimmed even more. "So, in your mind, you want to kiss my mate?" 
"No! No! No!" Ethan was terrified, because he knew it sounded even worse now. "No, I will not dare!" He felt like he was going to cry now. Why couldn’t he think first before running his mouth?! 
Meanwhile, Jace really wanted to kick his ass, regardless of whatever came out of his mouth, it only sounded like he was digging his own grave deeper. 
"Cane, you know that’s not what he meant..." Jace interrupted and elbowed Ethan to stop himself from blabbering more nonsense. "We are here to inform you that our people have spotted the King’s entourage and he will arrive within an hour." 
"Prepare everything," Cane said before slamming the door shut. It was a typical order that he would give them. 
Outside of the door, Jace glared at Ethan. "Are you trying to get yourself killed or what?" 
The Gamma grimaced and mumbled something under his breath, but then when he lifted his head back, he looked cheerful again. "At least, we got him back! Everything will be fine!" He clapped his hands happily, but then he sighed in depression when he remembered what happened to Will. 
He would talk with Cane about him when he had time, also about Aria’s missing dead body and so many other things. Jace also had a lot of things to report to the Alpha. 
But, right now, they needed to focus on the arrival of the King. 
On the other hand, Cane went inside the room again and found Iris was having trouble taming her hair. He went to her and helped her as usual. 
He did that very naturally, as if it was his second nature to tame her curly auburn hair, while she let him do that for her. His touch was gentle, yet firm. 
"The King will arrive in an hour," Cane said, as he braided her hair and styled it. 
"Okay," Iris replied in a small voice. 
There were a lot of things she wanted to ask and there were many issues that were long overdue for them to discuss, but now was not the right time to talk about any of that, since they had another matter to take care of. 
They didn’t even have time to talk about the problem with the lycan or how Cane could get his consciousness back. And, also about last night... 
The tips of Iris’ ears turned red and her face flushed crimson in no time. Seeing her like that, Cane knew what was in her mind and this soft smile appeared on the corners of his lips. He liked it when he was able to read her easily. 
"Done," Cane said. He started a small braid at the front of her head and braided her hair around like a bandana, while he pulled up the rest of her hair into a low ponytail and used the braided hair to cover the tie. It was simple, but Iris liked it. 
"Thank you," Iris said, as she lowered her head and murmured. "I- I will change my dress." 
Iris stood up to walk away from Cane, but all of a sudden, he grabbed her wrist and pulled her back, her back flush with his sturdy chest before he buried his nose in the crook of her neck, breathing heavily. 
Cane hugged her from behind and Iris could see their reflection in the mirror. She saw how big the Alpha was. His body could literally swallow hers, as he wrapped his muscled arms around her chest and waist. 
"Cane?" Iris called him softly. She was afraid she lost him again, since Cane was not usually like this. She could feel Cane saying something against her shoulder, but she didn’t have any idea what he was talking about. "Cane, are you saying something? I can’t get it..." Iris caressed his tensed arm around her chest lightly and this made his body stiffen. "Cane, are you okay?" 
But, instead of answering her question, Cane nuzzled her neck and bit on her skin lightly. He then cupped her breast, which made Iris gasp in surprise. She stopped caressing his arm, but he didn’t stop what he was doing. She could feel his sharp teeth grazing on her skin and his hardness pressing into her back, which made Iris blush. 
However, a second later, Cane turned her body around and rested his forehead against hers, as he held her shoulders firmly, his breathing heavy. 
"Cane?" Iris whispered, she felt her body was a little bit hot because of Cane’s abrupt intimate actions. 
"Give me a moment," Cane said with his eyes still closed and a deep furrow between his brows, as if he was having this internal fight within himself. 
Iris didn’t dare to move, even though she didn’t catch what Cane was saying, as she waited for him to calm down a bit first. 
She could feel how hot he was, his hands on her shoulders seared her skin and she didn’t realize how thick the sexual tension between them was, until Cane moved away from her and left a hollow in her heart and an emptiness between her legs. 
Iris was surprised that she had this kind of thought. It was so embarrassing and thankfully, Cane couldn’t read her mind. She would have died right there and then if he could place her improper thoughts. She realized she was lusting for his touch. This was a strange feeling for Iris, but she wanted him. 
"Go and change your dress," Cane said, as he strengthened his back, letting her go. 
If only Iris could hear him, she would know how heavy and dark his voice was and how he was so reluctant to loosen his grip on her shoulders. His veins bulged, as he suppressed his desire for her. 
For Cane, to be able to hold himself back this far when he was aroused was an achievement, knowing his condition. Something snapped in him when he lost his control over the lycan. 
And before long, Cane had turned around and went to the bathroom to dip his body in the bathtub, spilling the water over the edges. His head throbbed, so did the lower part of his body. He closed his eyes and remembered the smell of her scent. The softness of her skin and how aroused she was. 
Yes, Cane knew it. He could smell her scent becoming sweeter. It became even more intoxicating for him recently, as if she was a special drug that was made exclusively for him. He liked it when she called his name in that trembling voice of hers and knew how much she also wanted him. 
"Damn it," Cane cursed softly under his breath, as he tried to calm himself down. It was hard, but he knew it was possible. 
Something shifted inside him, as he realized, controlling his desires was equally difficult when he was trying to take control of his consciousness back from the lycan, but he did it in the end, at the critical moment, so he could do this too. 
Cane frowned deeply, his mind kept replaying her voice, her face and everything about her, and it didn’t help at all. 
But then, he heard the sound of a door cracking open and an unwelcomed scent hit his senses. The Alpha opened his eyes and glared at the intruder with so much hostility. 
In the adjoining door, Cane could see Sofia standing not too far from him with the door framing her pregnant figure, staring at him with those surprised, puffy eyes, as if she had been crying for hours. 
It was still too early for her to wake up and usually, she would be awake close to lunch and sleep right after dinner. Sometimes, she would have her dinner earlier. 
Yet, the problem was; Sofia didn’t even sleep at all after she witnessed how the Alpha pleasured the Luna. The sight of them last night got engraved deeply in her memories and she couldn’t shake it off. She wished she was the one who got such attention from the Alpha. 
It was a pity that Sofia could only see Cane’s back, because he was not facing her last night, but she swore that the Luna saw her. Their eyes met and she could see the animosity in her blue eyes, which made her take a step back. 
She forced herself to get away from there when she heard how the Luna moaned in pleasure and the Alpha swallowed her cries, as the room filled with the smell of sex. Sofia couldn’t take that. 
She was pregnant with his child, but why was it that barren woman who got his attention? 
However, right now, Sofia finally met Cane in the bathroom, where he was naked inside the bathtub and she could see his broad chest that made her swallow so hard. She stared at his skin, where one could see some of the wounds from his slavery days that left some scars, but somehow, it only added to his charm. 
Her body felt so hot.
###Chapter 442: WHERE IS THAT WOMAN?
Chapter 442: WHERE IS THAT WOMAN?
Sofia bit her lower lip, as she took a step closer toward the bathtub. "Al- alpha... do you want me to help you take a bath?" 
"If you step within my arm’s reach, I will not hesitate to snap your neck," Cane said, he didn’t raise his voice at all, but Sofia felt her heart stop beating for a second, as his tone dripped with harsh warning. 
There was something in the way Cane said those words that made Sofia believe Cane would do exactly what he said without a doubt. 
Mortified, she took a step back, putting her arms around her stomach out of instinct, as she feared him. This was not the man she remembered. The Alpha that night was very attentive and considerate toward her. 
The man that night was not this cold. 
"Alpha, I am carrying your child..." Sofia sobbed, tears started rolling down her cheeks again. Her eyes were very swollen, as if she spent the last few hours doing nothing, but crying. 
Great. Cane had been trying to take his mind off of the thoughts of his mate, so he could simmer down, but right now, he was completely turned off. 
He was not sure whether he should be glad or annoyed at this point. 
"I will see you later after the party ends, make sure you are still awake." Cane then grabbed the towel and stood up. 
His movements were so fast, until Sofia couldn’t even catch a glimpse of his lower body before he covered it and stepped out of the bathtub. Water dripped down to the floor, as he walked toward his and Iris’ bedroom, half naked. 
Sofia was too shocked to process what Cane just said, so she stood there, until the Alpha disappeared behind the door, leaving his masculine scent behind. 
He wanted to see me? He wanted me to wait for him? 
Sofia stopped crying and there was this sweet smile on her lips, as her heart fluttered. "See? Your father wants to see us. You don’t need to worry, baby, your father cares for you, everything will be fine and this will be our pack. We will live here happily." 
Sofia was clueless what was waiting for her later that night. 
Meanwhile, Cane returned to his bedroom with an expression so dark it startled Iris. She was wearing a black dress with golden thread work, the color of this pack, because Cane would wear the same colors as well. After all, this was a formal meeting with the King. 
"What happened?" Iris asked, she approached Cane and stopped herself before she was too close to him, and blushed at the sight of his naked chest. 
This was not the first time for her to see him half naked like this, but she couldn’t stop herself from thinking about last night. Was that Cane? Or actually Lu? 
She wished it was not Lu, but then if it was Cane... Iris couldn’t stop blushing. She lowered her head and saw Cane close the distance between them. He moved fast, leaving a trail of water behind him and pinched her chin with both of his fingers, tilting her head to look at himself. 
"Why are you blushing?" Cane asked. He stared deep into her eyes. He was tempted to kiss her slightly parted lips and suck her tongue, but then there would be no end to that and he had taken the pain to be turned off by Sofia. He shouldn’t re-start the fire, lest he get burned. 
Cane was not sure why, but his desire for her was almost alarming. This kind of lust only transpired when he was seduced or consumed any floence powder, but then he was sure the damned lycan didn’t drink anything like that and Iris didn’t even try to seduce him. 
"I am not," Iris denied the accusation, but it only turned her face even redder. 
Cane’s lips tugged upward into a beautiful smile. He thought, after what happened and everything she had gone through, he would lose this side of her. He didn’t know how much he liked her bashful side until he thought he would never see it again. 
"What? What are you smiling at? I am not blushing!" 
Probably because Iris had been very stern with Lu and always talked to him firmly, since the lycan frustrated her greatly, she looked a little bit feisty right now when she talked to Cane. 
However, Cane didn’t mind it, he leaned over and kissed her lips. He cupped her face between his palms, as he caressed her ears and pinched her earlobes. 
"Cane!" Iris squirmed, trying to get away from his assault on her earlobes, but he held her firmly before he let her go, leaving her breathless. "Don’t touch my ears!" Iris grumbled, as she took a step back, so he wouldn’t be able to reach her. 
However, Cane didn’t pay attention to her protest, as he licked his lips. "You are driving me crazy..." he said in a low voice, but Iris caught what he said. 
"Cane, is that you?" Iris was worried, because Cane was not usually very straightforward like this. 
"It’s me," Cane said lightly and then turned around to put on some clothes on his heated body. He felt so pathetic for not being able to control himself around his own mate. 
He felt his desire for her all this time erupt at once. Seemingly, his self control whenever he was with his mate had been broken. Even innocent cuddling with her every night would be hard. This was all because the lycan took over his body. 
It was almost like the lycan had broken the dam of his desire for her that he had conserved until now. Now, he couldn’t even touch her while sporting a clean mind. 
Thankfully, the kind of control that he had to use to take over his body from the lycan, helped tremendously with his current predicament to keep himself in check, but it was pure torture... 
Damn that lycan! 
============================= 
The sun was warm and the wind carried a familiar woodsy scent from the mountains when the King’s entourage finally arrived in the Howling Wolf pack and marched toward their pack house. 
It was a grand entourage, at the very least, the royal knights that the King brought with him were almost as the same number as the warriors in the Howling Wolf pack. 
"Why did the King bring so many warriors with him?" Alpha Dristan asked, as he slightly leaned over toward Cane. 
If Cane hadn’t appeared this morning, he would have asked someone to figure out the reason behind the Alpha’s absence, since he was sure something was not right. 
But, because Cane was here, he simply brushed it off as himself overthinking the situation. Meanwhile, what Beta Jace told him was actually pretty possible, since Cane was so busy nowadays. 
On the other hand, Cane had heard about this massive number of warriors that the King brought with him. He knew what the King wanted to imply by showing off his power like this. He wanted to remind Cane that he was within his palm and even if he was the only alpha in the south right now, his power was nothing against the royals. 
"A show of power," Cane said simply, his eyes fixed on the front carriage, which looked so extravagant. That must be the King’s carriage because it was emblemed with the royal crest. 
Alpha Dristan frowned, but then he understood, though it took him more than five minutes to get it. 
There were two alphas in this pack right now and both of them were the only people who had control over the only two mines in this realm. If one was the richest pack, then the other, for sure, would be the Alpha with the largest territory, if everything went well. 
Meanwhile, Iris stood beside Cane, she looked so beautiful with the sunlight falling on her auburn hair, not to mention how elegantly the color of her dress contrasted with her skin and hair color. Albeit her being physically smaller than the men around her, you would easily find her among the crowd. 
The carriage stopped and tension filled the air when the head of the royal guards announced the arrival of the King and Lady Cyan. 
Sir Elijah immediately approached the carriage and opened it, as the King descended from the grand carriage followed by Lady Cyan. She looked so beautiful in her deep purple dress, though she was not young anymore. Nala came out the last, she had a smile on her lips, but one could tell how dim her eyes were, as if she had lost her soul. She grimaced when Sir Elijah reached for her hand to help her get down. 
Iris watched everything unfold before her eyes. She had read the report and knew who would come, but it didn’t make her the least bit thrilled to meet them all. 
She followed Cane and Alpha Dristan to approach the King and offer a courtesy to the King and Lady Cyan, but Iris’ station was above Nala, thus it was the other person, who had to greet her. 
Nala looked like she was eating a horse’s heart when she greeted Iris politely, but she didn’t dare to meet her in the eyes, nor did she glance at Cane, which was weird, knowing how infatuated the girl was with her mate. 
"It has been a while since our last meeting." Lady Cyan made small talk with Iris. "This is a nice pack." 
"I hope you will enjoy your stay, My Lady," Iris replied politely. 
But then, the King ignored Iris completely and looked around. "Where is that woman?"
###Chapter 443: THE ALPHA WAS BEING PETTY
Chapter 443: THE ALPHA WAS BEING PETTY
King Aeon only glanced at Iris for a brief second and after that, he paid no mind to her, as he kept looking around to find a certain someone. "Where is that woman?" His tone was cheerful and light. 
"What woman do you mean, My King?" Cane asked, playing a fool. 
"The woman who is carrying your child," King Aeon said with a click of his tongue because he had to explain the obvious. 
"You must mean Sofia, one of Alpha Gallot’s mistresses." Cane’s voice was so calm when he mentioned that one unnecessary detail about Sofia. 
"Yes, that woman," King Aeon said, disgruntled. "You should have brought her with you to greet me. After all, since she is your favorite mistress and is currently carrying your child. She is part of your pack." 
Cane didn’t falter at all when he spoke again. "My King, I don’t know what rumors you have heard, but I have never said anything about her being my mistress." 
King Aeon frowned. The rest of the people became very quiet, as they could feel how unhappy the King was as tension swirled thick in the air. 
"You put her in the Luna’s bedroom, what do you mean she is not your favorite mistress now?" 
There was this harmless smile on the corners of Cane’s lips, but his eyes were sharp enough to kill someone if a gaze alone could do the job. "Your observation and awareness are very excellent, My King, for already learning about the information that I only knew when I reached the Howling Wolf pack less than a week ago." Cane subtly implied to the spy that the King had put within his pack. 
King Aeon narrowed his eyes, he looked annoyed by Cane’s statement, while Alpha Dristan frowned. Was it wise to provoke the King when he just arrived? He wondered what kind of game that Cane was actually trying to play. 
"What? Do you want to say she is not pregnant with your child?" 
King Aeon’s voice was rather loud, as he raised his tone and the people behind Cane could hear that clearly, as they became anxious at the same time. They heard the rumors about the Alpha rejecting Sofia and the baby being someone else’s, from who overheard the conversation, but then, the Alpha letting her stay in the Luna’s bedroom sent a mixed interpretation to them. 
Some of the Alpha’s actions contradict one another... 
It confused not just the members of the Howling Wolf pack alone, but right now, the King as well. 
"I never said anything like that, but before the baby is born and there is no doubt that the baby is indeed mine, I will not assume or claim anything." 
King Aeon gritted his teeth when he heard that. "Do you want to deflect your own child?" 
Jace grimaced when he heard that, if he didn’t know any better, he would be confused as well with Cane’s actions and the way he was implying the situation, thus he could feel the King and the rest of the members of the pack. 
However, the Beta was so relieved it was Cane here, who was facing the King, or else, he didn’t even want to imagine what kind of disaster the lycan would have left for them to deal with. 
"My wise king, I am very honored that this matter concerns you so much." Every time Cane praised King Aeon, the latter felt like he was being insulted instead. This irked the King and the Alpha knew it, thus he was very generous with his compliments. "Our Majesty, you don’t need to worry about this matter. I have faith the baby is mine, or else, it will cause a huge discord and conflict between the Howling Wolf pack and the Moon Dew pack, because it only means Alpha Gallot is trying to deceive me. I hope if worse comes to the worst, you will be on my side to uphold justice and this matter will still be your concern." 
King Aeon was vexed, he felt like he was walking straight into a trap without him realizing it. "You are thinking too much into that, Gallot will not do such a thing." He waved his hand, as if trying to get rid of the annoyance he felt right now. 
Meanwhile, Cane was still smiling harmlessly. "Yes, there is no way Alpha Gallot will pull such a trick, right? After all, the punishment for defrauding the royal family is heavier than simply deceiving an alpha." 
There, Cane smoothly connected the issue to his royal bloodline. 
On the other hand, Lady Cyan observed Cane silently, as she said nothing and listened to how the Alpha led the conversation in the direction he wanted. She was able to see what Cane was trying to imply and the rough scheme he was trying to cook up around the King. 
Seeing this, Lady Cyan had this inclination that the baby was not his. In the beginning, she underestimated this man so much, since he was only a new alpha, who just recently came out of the slavery. As it turned out, he could be a potential danger to her plan. 
After witnessing how Cane turned the situation in the capital city upside down, Cyan started paying close attention to him, that was one of the reasons why she was here right now. 
She knew there would be another scheme here and Aeon was not smart enough to play the game Cane had set up. 
Therefore, before King Aeon could say anything else, she immediately interjected casually. "This is a lovely sight here, but I think all the people need to rest after such a long journey, is it okay for us to come inside now?" 
Hearing that, Cane shifted his attention toward Lady Cyan. "Pardon my rudeness, My Lady. Please, over here." 
The fact was; it was not only Lady Cyan, who had been observing Cane, because the Alpha did the same thing with her. Instead of the King, Cane was way more intrigued to know more about this lady. He had this gut feeling that she was the one who had been pulling the strings behind every decision that was made by the King. 
And with that, the conversation ended with Cane not even giving the King the answer about Sofia’s whereabouts and with Lady Cyan tactfully ending the topic, the King couldn’t ask Cane to call Sofia over. 
"I will call someone to deliver your breakfast, My King, My Lady. You must be very tired after a long journey," Iris said politely when they arrived at the guest bedroom that had been prepared for the King. 
The King requested for Lady Cyan to sleep in the same room as him, thus the other room would be empty. 
Cane stood beside Iris, his fingers intertwined with hers and this gave her comfort. 
And after making a little small talk here and there, they left the King and Lady Cyan’s bedroom. Jace, Ethan and three servants followed behind them. 
"I want to see Hanna," Iris said when they walked in the corridor, where they met an intersection. She would need to take her right if she wanted to see Hanna. "I have not seen her since yesterday." And this bothered her. Even though Hanna was fine and she probably had healed by now, Iris wanted to see that her wounds had healed with her own eyes. 
From what she remembered, the wounds were so deep and there was so much blood. Every time she remembered it, she couldn’t hold back her anger. She hated it when someone dear to her got hurt.
"Okay, I will see you before lunch." Cane nodded. He had a lot of things to do as well, not to mention Alpha Dristan had been requesting to see him to discuss an important thing. 
Albeit either his beta or gamma not mentioning it, it was clear to see that they had been very agitated to report to Cane about critical information. 
"Okay," Iris agreed readily, as she had been wanting to go to see Hanna, but when she turned around, Cane grabbed her hand and spun her body, and before she could digest what happened, she could feel his lips against hers and his palms on the sides of her face. 
The Alpha kissed his luna for a good two minutes in front of his beta and gamma, along with the other three servants, who immediately lowered their heads and tried to look somewhere else, but they would end up stealing a glance or two at the two of them every other second. 
Jace and Ethan were dumbfounded, they started to think Lu was taking over Cane’s body again when they heard Iris moaning softly. 
It was not an innocent peck like Cane used to display in front of them, even so, that alone was already a surprise for the onlookers, let alone a full blown kiss like this. 
"Can’t he spare us single people here?" Ethan groaned. What was this? Was the Alpha being petty for his slip of tongue this morning? 
By the time Cane was done, Iris was breathless, her face had turned red and even redder when she realized they had a few spectators. 
Thankfully, it was not only her, whose face had turned so red. The poor people near them looked like they were going to cry. 
"I will see you at lunch." Cane caressed her slightly swollen lower lip with his thumb and then kissed the tip of her nose before he left, while Iris stood still dumbstruck there, until she realized she needed to see Hanna and immediately rushed toward her bedroom. She was not thinking straight and her body felt so hot.
###Chapter 444: A PATH FULL WITH MALICE
Chapter 444: A PATH FULL WITH MALICE
"How did you get your body back?" 
That was the first question that Ethan asked Cane once the three of them were back inside the Alpha’s study room. 
Jace, too, waited for Cane’s answer before he gave him the report on the five packs. Just like what the Alpha had predicted, there was movement from people who were trying to refuse Cane’s help, since he was the one who had killed their alphas. They even accused Cane of lying about their alphas’ using dark magic. And many more important reports. 
But, it could wait, since he needed to listen to Cane’s answer first. However, both of them should have known how it would turn out. 
"What information do you have?" Cane asked, ignoring the question from Ethan. The Alpha was more or less the same when it came to his beta and gamma. He still refused to explain unnecessary things that they didn’t need to know. 
"Cane, at the very least, answer this question of mine, please.... I am dying to know, at least, take pity on me," Ethan begged Cane, but the Alpha remained unfazed. 
"You can give me the report, or you can get out. I don’t have time for this." Cane’s expression turned very serious, as his voice sounded so deep, it was laced with command. 
"Okay," Ethan replied immediately, his pleading look turned serious right away and Jace was glad it was not him who asked the question and got reprimanded. 
And with that, Ethan and Jace took turns to report everything, disclosing all the information they got, while Cane listened to them closely without interrupting, including the information how Aria’s body had disappeared. 
"I have asked Haco to look into it and he is currently on the goffa mountain with two of the warriors." Ethan thought about it for a while. "I can’t send more people, because I don’t want to attract unnecessary attention from our people. The death of Aria is still a sensitive topic." 
It was a sensitive topic for them, too, since they were all very close at some point of their lives, as they depended on each other, but they were logical enough not to mix what they felt with what needed to be done. 
"I think it’s a good thing for Haco to stay away from Lady Cyan if she is indeed a dark witch," Ethan chimed in. He was still doubtful they needed to look into the problem of Aria’s missing dead body, but he couldn’t slack off as well with the possibility this could pose a potential danger in the future. 
Cane still didn’t say anything, as he listened to them, silently prompting them to continue with their report. He was deep in thought, as he stared at the parchment in front of him. 
He only interrupted once when he ordered someone to block the adjoining door between his bedroom and the Luna’s bedroom. 
"You want to block it?" 
"Yes." 
"So, it means she will not have any access to the bathroom?" 
Sofia would have a hard time if she wanted to relieve herself then. 
"Is there a problem?" Cane squinted his eyes because Ethan asked too many questions. 
"Nope. Not at all." Ethan raised both of his hands and immediately asked two guards to carry on the task. 
"Cane, what are you going to do now?" Jace asked. 
It took them hours to finally finish with their report and all that time, Cane would only listen and ask some questions here and there, or give an order or two after every report. 
"I will have lunch with my mate." Cane stood up and walked out of the room. 
"That’s it?" Ethan and Jace looked at each other and shook their heads helplessly. After all the important and critical reports they delivered to the Alpha, that was the only response they got? Cane didn’t even look shocked, or showed any emotions. He was as calm as ever. 
But in truth, it was not that easy to make a decision, Cane would need some time to digest all the information he got and make a plan. He needed to tread this carefully, or else, the fall was something he couldn’t afford. 
========================= 
"Do you want me to wake her up?" Amee asked in a low voice when Iris came to see Hanna, as she was currently sleeping after drinking her medicine. Grace intentionally added some herbs to help her sleep, because she had been crying for hours. 
"No, no," Iris immediately said, she waved her hands and shook her head. "It’s okay. Let her sleep. I will be here for a while." 
Amee smiled at Iris and gave up her chair for her to sit down next to the bed. Iris smiled at the old woman and thanked her in a small voice, so it wouldn’t disrupt Hanna’s sleep. 
"How is she?" Iris asked. "I am really sorry for not being able to come sooner." 
"You don’t need to worry, Beta Jace sent a message to her yesterday that you are caught up with something important. She understood." Amee had been here since yesterday to help treat Hanna’s wound, but more so, because the poor woman had been crying for so long after her meeting with Will. 
Amee really wanted to reprimand Will for that, but Ethan didn’t allow her, or anyone to see Will for the meantime. The usually cheerful gamma looked somber when he said that and Amee didn’t dare to push further, seeing how stressful they had been in the past few days since they returned from the Riverside pack. 
"She had been crying," Iris said. She knew Hanna for so long, so she could tell that she had been crying, especially when the evidence was so clear right now. "Was it very painful? The wounds on her cheek before they healed?" 
Iris felt bad for still feeling the anger for the dead Jemma, probably she had really turned evil now. 
Amee smiled sadly at Iris when she heard that and when she looked at her blue eyes, she knew how worried the Luna was for her personal maid. After all, it was only Hanna who had been with her all this time. She accompanied her throughout her childhood and when she received abuse from her father and brother. 
It had always been Hanna for years for Iris before she met Cane and the other pack members of the Howling Wolf pack. It could be said, she knew more people in the Howling Wolf pack than her own pack, the Blue Moon pack. 
"Luna, I don’t think it’s the pain from her wounds that had made her cry all night." Amee glanced at Hanna briefly. "I think..." she looked a little bit hesitant when she continued. "I think Hanna formally ended everything with Will. She returned the necklace Will gave to her." 
"But, why?" Iris remembered how Hanna had been constantly implying that she didn’t care about Will anymore and how she didn’t want to think about him, but she knew deep down, Hanna didn’t mean what she said. 
Hanna cared for Will so much, she would look around whenever they were in a crowd to see whether he was there or not, and she treasured the necklace he gave to her like it was her best possession. 
But, since she returned the necklace, did she really give up on him? 
"I don’t know." Amee then told her about Will finally meeting with Hanna. "I think the meeting didn’t end well. Hanna didn’t say much about it." 
Iris was deep in thought. She knew Will had been acting very strangely and if there was someone who knew what exactly happened to him, it must be Cane. 
However, with a lot of things going on, she was not sure which topic she had to bring up first or when was the right time to persuade Cane to tell her about what he knew. 
Silence descended in the room, as they were deep in their own thoughts, until Amee took Iris’ hands and grabbed them gently, which made Iris lift her head and look at the old woman. 
"Luna, I know the baby in Sofia’s stomach is not the Alpha’s." She was sure about that because she knew about Cane’s infertility. "I don’t know what the Alpha’s plan is, I am not too smart to understand his schemes, but I know for sure, the Alpha truly cares for you. I hope you won’t give up on him. He didn’t say it, but I can see the way he looks at you. It’s not a pretense." 
Iris bit her lips, as she felt her warm hands covering hers. 
"A lot of things must have happened during your journey to the capital city and the time that you have spent together to change him like that, but I am happy for him and you. Even though I can’t say this on behalf of the rest of the pack, I will be grateful if the two of you can find your happiness together." 
Iris blinked her eyes to hold back her tears. She didn’t want to cry, but she felt a lump in her throat. 
"I am really sorry for what the members of the pack has put you through. You don’t deserve to be disrespected, but if you can find it in your heart to forgive us, please, don’t let their misjudgment toward you harden your heart." 
Amee could see how Iris held back her pain in silence until it changed her slowly. 
She didn’t blame her, but if she could, she didn’t want to see her walk a path full of malice.
###Chapter 445: DON’T YOU WANT TO CHECK?
Chapter 445: DON’T YOU WANT TO CHECK?
Amee realized the unfair treatment toward Iris had started taking toll on her and with Sofia being here, it only escalated things further to the worst case possible, as you could see the contrast between the way they treated their own luna and an outsider who claimed to be carrying the Alpha’s firstborn. 
Kaz didn’t even wait for Cane’s instructions or confirmation before he rallied people behind him to hail Sofia as the new mistress. Some of them were desperate to find another ’Luna figure’ aside from Iris, because they couldn’t stand her. 
Not because she was not good enough, but because every time they saw her, subconsciously they would be reminded of Gerald. It made things hard for them, as well as Iris. 
"I wish nothing for you two, but happiness, Luna." Amee lowered her head and kissed both of Iris’ hands and then lifted her head back up to look at her. "Don’t ruin yourself for them. I know Alpha Cane has a huge aspiration and from how I see it, this will not be the only pack that’s going to need your attention." 
Amee knew Cane ever since he was so young and with him eyeing those five packs, she could roughly see where all this was going. It wouldn’t be fair if the other packs got the new but ’nefarious Iris’ as their luna. 
"Are you trying to tell me to abandon this pack and focus my energy on the other packs?" Iris concluded because the words Amee said implied so to her. 
Amee pressed her lips into a thin line before she spoke again. "We are broken, Luna, too broken to see our wrongs. I just don’t want to see our wrongs kill the good in you." 
Dead silence followed after that, as Iris didn’t say anything in response to what Amee confessed. She tilted her head to stare at Hanna. She finally let Will go, but was it the right thing to let go? Would it make your heart lighter? Make your life easier? Or, you just avoided the problem that would hunt you down with endless ’what if’s? 
The serenity in the room was broken when Amee spoke again. She was still holding Iris’ hands. "By the end of the next summer, you will be the longest mate for Alpha Cane. And Luna Iris, I hope nothing but for both of you to be able to see all the four seasons every year." 
Iris frowned because she couldn’t catch what Amee meant by that, which made the old woman smile gently as she explained it to her. 
"Alpha Cane and Leane were only together for a total of ten months," Amee said. "Leane moved to Howling Wolf pack almost right after the two of them realized they were mates and she got pregnant a month later." 
Ten months. Their time together was very short. 
"I didn’t mention this with ill intentions, Luna. I only want you to know more about Alpha Cane’s past and how he was, since I am sure, he never talks about himself." Amee then added. "If you don’t want me to talk about this, I am sorry to bring this up, but you can ask me anything about the Alpha." 
Iris shook her head. "I want to know more." 
Iris and Amee ended up talking about a lot of things, which helped her see how Cane was when he was little and how mischievous he was until the previous alpha couldn’t even get angry anymore and turn speechless when young Cane, at the age of thirteen years old, rallied boys around his age to go to the Goffa mountain and set traps to catch a Geromine. 
Under young Cane’s instructions, they managed to catch one and none of them were seriously injured, but Alpha Josh punished them all for going out of the pack unsupervised. Young Cane also managed to trick the guards and warriors in charge of patrolling the pack grounds when they slipped out. 
And now Iris realized, Cane was very cunning ever since he was so young. 
Amee also told Iris that when Cane was five, he refused to go to the early morning training sessions. As the heir, Alpha Josh was pretty strict with him, thus when he shifted for the first time at the age of five, he was sent to the training grounds and little Cane was not a morning person. 
Therefore, the night before, little Cane slipped out of his bedroom to the storage room to get an extra blanket, but not before he put some strong aroma on his blanket and covered his body with it to mask his own scent. 
Little Cane threw the blanket in the garden and went to an empty room where he slept until afternoon the next day. Meanwhile, the whole pack was in panic, unable to find him in his bed in the morning, thinking someone might have kidnapped him, since there was this unfamiliar, strong scent inside the room. 
They found the blanket, but they couldn’t find Cane. 
Only in the afternoon, when one of the pack members opened the door to the empty room did they find little Cane, snuggled inside the blanket, which made his scent hard to be caught if you were not close enough to him. At that time, little Cane was still sleeping peacefully, unaware of the commotion he had raised. 
Iris laughed and her heart felt a little bit lighter to know such a story, something that she would never get from Cane himself. 
She almost forgot her promise to have lunch together with Cane and reluctantly ended the conversation with Amee, while Hanna was still sleeping. It seemed whatever herbs Grace had given to her were pretty strong. 
"I would love to know more stories later," Iris said. She then kissed Hanna on the cheek and went to the door. 
"Come to me anytime, Luna, I will tell you more about the Alpha when he was seven years old." Amee looked at her mischievously and this made Iris giggle. 
She waved her hand at Amee and thanked her for the stories, before she rushed to their bedroom. The King would have his lunch delivered to their bedroom, so there was no need to go to the dining hall, they would meet again later at dinner time. 
But, as Iris walked in the hallway, Joel caught up to her. 
"Luna Iris, I have free time!" Joel said with a bright smile on his face. "I am ready to learn!" But then, his smile slightly faltered. "Oh, are you busy now?" After all, the King and his entourage were here and there were festivities at night. 
"No, not really." Iris slowed down her pace and smiled at the young warrior. "I still have some time before lunch. I can give you something to memorize for our next meeting." 
Joel’s expression lit up again and this brought a smile to Iris’ face, but then she remembered something. "Oh, but before that, can you help me with something?" 
"Sure, sure, what is it, Luna?" Joel asked eagerly. 
"Can you help me bar some doors?" 
"Bar some doors?" Joel tilted his head, confused. 
Around fifteen minutes later, the two of them stood in front of the said doors that Iris asked Joel to block, but the two doors had been blocked already, so people from the other room couldn’t access it. 
"But, Luna... the doors had been barred," Joel pointed out the obvious. He was carrying four flat wooden planks and Iris was holding a basket of nails along with a hammer. 
"Who has done this?" Iris murmured. 
They were too perplexed to realize someone had entered the room followed by two other people. 
"What are you doing here?" Cane asked Joel, who was still holding the four flat wooden planks over his shoulder. 
"Al- alpha!" Joel went pale to catch Cane’s sharp gaze. "I- I am here to bar the doors." 
"Bar the doors?" This time, Cane’s attention shifted to his mate, who averted her gaze, feeling guilty. "And why do you want to bar the door?" Cane’s eyes softened to see how Iris was trying so hard to flee from the scene, but with Jace and Ethan standing in front of the door, she had to weigh her options. Which was more embarrassing? Staying or fleeing? 
"It’s..." Joel glanced at the Luna. 
Cane cut him off before he could answer that. "You can go now. The doors have been barred." He took the basket of nails and hammer from Iris’ hands. "And take these with you." He handed them to the young warrior. "Leave." 
"Yes, yes, Alpha..." 
After that, Joel walked out of the bedroom, while Ethan giggled and Jace didn’t know how to react to this absurdity. 
"I said leave," Cane said to Ethan and Jace. 
"What? You want us to leave as well?" Ethan stopped giggling. "I thought we were going to have lunch together?" 
"No, I am going to have lunch with my mate," Cane said firmly. 
And after some grumblings and protests from the Gamma, the Beta managed to drag him out of the room. 
"Where are you going?" Cane asked with amusement when he saw Iris was also about to leave. He grabbed her wrist and turned her body around, so she could look at him, as he repeated the question. 
"Um. I promised to teach Joel and give him some tasks, I am going to see him for a moment." Iris really wanted to cry at her lame excuse, while Cane simply pulled her closer. 
"Is that so? Don’t you want to check whether the doors have been properly barred?" Cane asked innocently, but there was nothing innocent about his tone. 
"Cane!"
###Chapter 446: BARE FEELING
Chapter 446: BARE FEELING
Iris couldn’t believe Cane would say something like that to her. She was well aware that Cane was really good with his words, but he was using that skill on her now and she couldn’t help but turn so red, while the Alpha stared at his mate with fascination in his dark eyes. 
"I thought you invited another man to our bedroom to bar the door," Cane said in a dark voice and this left Iris stunned when he put it that way. 
"No! What are you trying to imply? Joel is just a boy!" Iris panicked a little, afraid Cane would misunderstand the situation. She didn’t want to put Joel in trouble, moreover, what Cane implied was a serious accusation. 
However, Cane simply nibbled on her lip before he lifted his head to see the confusion and anxiousness in her blue eyes. "I know," he said simply. "But, people who don’t like you and the enemy will not care about such details. Be careful." 
Right now, with the King here and his people roaming around their pack, they couldn’t be sure what kind of word that would reach the King and how it would be used against them, thus they needed to be extra wary with their actions. 
For Iris and the people around them, what she did was an innocent act, but from an outsider’s perspective and those people, who wanted to take them down, a luna inviting one of the warriors into her chambers in the Alpha’s absence could be considered as an act of adultery. It was extremely inappropriate, in most cases, the woman would be killed on the spot by their man. 
Probably, Joel didn’t think about that either, since the young warrior only thought of how to help the Luna, but such an innocent action could cost them more than they could imagine. 
Iris only realized it when Cane mentioned it. She turned pale. 
"I am sorry, I didn’t think twice... I really didn’t mean it that way." Iris shook her head vigorously. 
"I know," Cane said in a reassuring tone, as he massaged the back of her neck to ease her tense body. "Don’t do it again." 
Iris nodded. "I am sorry." 
Cane said nothing, he only stared at her, which made Iris become even more confused because he didn’t give her any reaction. Was he still angry with her? Was he really upset because of that? Was he thinking about punishment? Or maybe he was thinking how stupid of a mate he had gotten himself. 
This was a critical time and the King was only here for half a day and here Iris was, making a big mistake that would put her into a scandalous situation. 
"C- Cane?" Iris was afraid of what he was thinking at this moment. "What are you thinking? Why don’t you say something? I am sorry." 
Cane didn’t answer immediately, but then he talked in a small voice, almost like a whisper. "I really want to taste your sorry..." 
"What?" Iris was not sure that she read his words right, but Cane was busy brushing his thumb against the bottom of her lip, as his eyes turned darker. His body felt so hot against hers, as if she was being engulfed by fire. "Cane, what is it?" She didn’t realize it, but she was whispering too. 
"Iris, I want to make sure of something..." Cane looked hesitant, frowning slightly. 
"What?" The tension in this room felt so weird, as if it reflected the intensity of the emotions Cane felt currently. 
Cane still looked hesitant when he finally spoke again. "I want to make sure of this. If you feel uncomfortable, tell me to stop, understand?" 
"What are you going to do?" Iris was a little bit worried because Cane looked very serious. His gaze was so sharp and his eyes looked like he was going to go feral. 
However, when he leaned over and started to capture her lips, his kiss was so gentle. He ran his tongue over her lips, coaxed her to open her mouth and when she did, Cane bent over slightly and lifted her up by her thighs, which made Iris squeal and out of instinct, she wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist, while he put his arms under her bottom to support her body. 
Iris lifted her head and stared at Cane, who was staring back at her with those hooded eyes. She understood what he meant and deep down knew what he wanted to make sure of. 
"Not comfortable?" Cane asked and Iris blushed, as she knew where it would go, but if she stopped him now, probably he would hold himself back again and there would be no progress whatsoever between the two of them. 
But then, did Iris really want him to stop? 
Instead of replying to the question, Iris leaned over and this time, it was her, who kissed him first. Clumsily, she pried open his lips and sucked on his tongue, which made Cane grunt and pull his head back. 
Iris looked shocked when he pulled away from her, thinking she made a mistake and wrongly interpreted his words. 
However, Cane kissed her arm beside his head and looked at her again. "Easy..." 
He wanted to take things slow. It was not that he disliked what Iris did to him, but he didn’t think his self control would be able to handle that and the last thing he wanted was to give her pain. 
Iris blushed, she turned so red and looked mortified by her own actions, but Cane simply carried her over to the bed and laid her down gently there. 
"Tell me if you feel uncomfortable, understand?" Cane repeated what he said more sternly now and Iris nodded, she was still blushing. 
Cane kissed the tip of her nose and down to her lips. She tasted heavenly. He felt like he was drinking some fine wine and he was drunk just with the taste of it. The way she moaned drove him crazy, as he nibbled on her lips and sucked on her tongue. He wanted more of her, while she ran her fingers through his hair and pulled lightly. 
And when Cane could smell her arousal, he pulled away abruptly. He looked mortified, it was not that he didn’t want her, no, it was the opposite, he wanted her so badly, but he didn’t think he could handle it. 
However, Iris didn’t let him go, she caressed his cheeks and spoke softly. "You will not hurt me, Cane. You said you will not hurt me." 
"And you believe that?" 
"Yes." 
There was no doubt in her voice. Iris knew, if he backed down now, he would back down in the future, too. He didn’t believe in himself to do it, but Iris did. 
But then, if he ended up hurting her, so what? Iris had gone through something more horrendous than this, what the worst thing that could possibly happen? Cane had lost control with her before and that was not the most horrifying moment of her life. More so, she was willing. 
The first two times she did it with Cane, it was something he did to her out of revenge and the next time it happened, it was because of her heat and she pleaded for him to ease the pain, though in the end he gave her more pain, as he couldn’t control himself because that was the way he was.
However, recently, a lot of things had happened and many things had changed, their relationship, situation, their feelings... 
So many things had turned upside down, which brought them to this moment. 
And this time, it was not about revenge or lust, or simply to fulfill their carnal desires, but how they wanted to put down the last barrier between them, embracing the feeling of being completely connected with each other. 
"It’s okay, Cane..." Iris said, soaking in his feral gaze, as she caressed his hair. "I want you too." 
This time, Iris didn’t blush, she didn’t feel shy to say what she felt about him, what she was feeling at this moment. 
Cane wanted her, so did she. 
The sunlight filtered through the window and warmth engulfed their bodies, adding serenity to the air, which helped Cane to calm down a bit, yet he didn’t dare to move, thus it was Iris, who made the first move. 
She propped her body on her elbow, so she was in a half sitting position, while her other hand found purchase behind Cane’s neck, as she pulled him closer to her and kissed his lips. 
She didn’t do what she did earlier, but she let him take the lead and when Cane started to bite her lip lightly, Iris matched his movement, until he became a little bit relaxed and laid her down on the bed again. 
Iris didn’t know how to start this, thus she took his hand and put it over her chest. She wanted him to touch her, let him know that it was okay to touch her. 
If she was sober enough and she was her timid self, or maybe when all of this was over, she would kick herself internally for being so raunchy. 
Iris didn’t even know she had this side to herself. 
But right now, Iris only wanted Cane to know that it was okay to touch her. She didn’t want him to touch any other woman, but her. She wanted him to do this only to her. 
She wanted him to feel comfortable and bare only with her.
###Chapter 447: SHE WAS CURSING HIM
Chapter 447: SHE WAS CURSING HIM
Cane groaned into Iris’ mouth as her fingers raked down his back. He didn’t think he would ever get enough, no matter how much he touched her or how close they were. 
It surprised Cane when Iris pulled his hand and placed it over her chest. She let him know that it was okay for him to touch her, which eased his conscience, as he kept replaying what horrendous things he had done to her in the past. He would understand if she pushed him away when the same memory came to her. 
But, she didn’t. 
Iris surprised him time and again, reminding him how strong she was in her mind and heart to find it in herself to forgive him and move past the darkest parts of her life, while Cane was still struggling with the demons of his past. 
It was not that Iris wasn’t struggling, she had her own battles, too. She could be very sweet and timid, but also stubborn and decisive at the same time. She knew what she wanted and she always knew how to communicate her needs and feelings, something that Cane couldn’t relate to. 
The way she stared at him and how she allowed him to touch herself was the reassurance Cane needed that he was not a monster, who only knew how to kill and hurt people around him. 
Gently, Cane slipped his hand under her dress and fondled her breast, which made Iris gasp, but she didn’t push him away. The feeling of his rough hand against her sensitive skin sent shivers down her spine, especially when he slowly moved his free hand down to her other breast, brushed it lightly and then caressed her stomach down to her navel. 
Cane touched her over the fabric of her dress and Iris felt so annoyed at her own dress, wanting to feel his skin against her own overwhelmed her senses. 
Meanwhile, a small smile played on the corner of Cane’s lips. His eyes turned dreamy when he watched his mate move her body without her realizing it. 
She was not in pain. That was the first thought that came to his mind. 
The Alpha slowly pulled her dress up and touched her inner thigh, he caressed her lightly, which made her squirm. She was bothered because Cane wasn’t really touching her and just teased her instead. 
"Cane..." Iris moaned, she could feel how wet she was and this made her uncomfortable. There was this inexplicable ache, an emptiness between her legs and Cane could smell how aroused she was, yet he still didn’t give in to her. He liked this sweet scent of hers, as he licked her sweat off of her neck. 
"I like your scent..." Cane murmured, he was still in control and this made him relieved, but at the same time, he wanted to push himself further, to see how far he could go, while Iris pleaded with him to end her distress. 
Iris squirmed when Cane did not touch her for a long moment, before he leaned down and took her nipple between his teeth, bit it lightly, as Iris arched her back and groaned desperately. 
This was pure torture. 
"Cane, please..." Iris moved her hips to find her release, but Cane was not yet done with her. 
He left her bare thigh and pulled down the front of her dress, as he pinched her other nipple until it turned red, while Iris kept calling his name. He liked the sound of his name rolling off of her tongue and how hoarse and desperate her voice sounded. The smell of her arousal filled the room and he reminded himself mentally not to allow anyone to step closer to this room. 
Iris couldn’t take it anymore, as she tried to touch herself, but Cane caught her wrist and pinned both of her hands above her head, he stared at her with his dark eyes, which looked feral. 
"Cane, please... this... uncomfortable..." Iris whispered breathlessly, as Cane used his knees to spread her legs apart, while he hovered above her. 
Cane was so mean! Now he didn’t even touch her and only stared at her with fascination, as if this was the first time for him to see her. 
"Cane, please..." Iris bit her lip, she wanted to press her thighs together to find her release, but Cane didn’t allow her to do so. 
"Where do you want me to touch you?" Cane asked, his eyes bore into hers, as if he was staring straight into her soul. 
Iris whimpered. She looked conflicted and became a little bit self conscious at the question. She couldn’t bring herself to say it! 
But then, Cane held both of her hands down with one hand and caressed her lips, down to her neck. "Here?" Iris shook her head and Cane moved his hand down to caress her perky nipple. "Here?" 
Iris gasped, she felt her throat turn so dry, but she shook her head again and Cane smiled, the kind of smile that really could take her breath away, as he moved his hand further down to where she wanted. 
"Do you want to be touched here?" Cane used his claw carefully to rip her undergarments and retracted them before he touched her again, but he paused when Iris didn’t say anything. "Tell me, Iris, do you want me to touch you here?" 
"Yes, Cane..." 
"Yes, what?" 
Iris really wanted to cry now, but her mind was filled with something more urgent. "Yes, I want to be touched there..." 
Cane smiled, as if he had won a precious possession. He watched how Iris wanted to sulk, but she was conflicted between her desperation and frustration. 
"You are so wet," Cane mumbled, as he moved his fingers agonizingly slowly and the wet sound from it echoed in this quiet room, which was otherwise filled with their ragged breaths. 
Iris curled her toes and took a sharp breath when Cane moved his fingers faster and deeper. She wanted to close her legs, but Cane didn’t let her, which left Iris both frustrated and aroused at the same time.
Cane could feel when her body tensed up, her climax was near and she let out a breathless cry, as she found her release. Her body convulsed as she rode out her climax and found her pleasure, while Cane watched everything, his eyes turned darker at how spellbinding the woman beneath him looked. 
He could feel this dark obsession to please her over and over again, watching her ride out her climax and cry his name. 
Should he take her for real this time? Should they continue? Should he let himself lose? He wanted to fuck her over and over again, but this time harder, until he was buried deep inside of her. He wanted to put his mark all over her skin. He wanted to hear her scream his name, while he fucked her from behind. The King and the rest could go to hell for all he cared, because right now, she was the only person he cared about and wanted. 
He wanted to be closer than this. He wanted all of her. He wanted to fuck her like there was no tomorrow. He wanted to hurt her. He must be crazy to even consider that. 
Cane groaned, as he tightened his jaw and got his control back before kissing her lips, swallowing her last cry, as her body slowly relaxed. 
"Are you okay?" Cane caressed her cheek, as he released both of her arms from above her head and also her legs as he moved slightly aside. He had been hard even when they just started, but it was still bearable for him, knowing he was still in control over his lust was something that made him feel better about himself. "Don’t fall asleep, you have not yet eaten anything." 
Iris creased her brows, now after the intense feeling had passed, she felt so lazy and sleepy. "Let me close my eyes for a while," Iris said tiredly. Her legs felt sore, because Cane pressed them apart and the only thing she wanted right now was to snuggle into his chest. 
"No." Cane rubbed her clit and this made Iris’ eyes shot open, as she stared at him in disbelief. "Eat." 
"Later." Iris became stubborn now, she wanted to curl her body and recall the feeling from a moment ago, but Cane didn’t let her. "What? No!" 
Iris was mortified when Cane scooped her body into his arms. She didn’t want to eat without cleaning herself first! But then, he carried her to the bathroom and put her down inside the bathtub. 
"Take off your clothes," Cane said. 
"I- I can take a bath by myself," Iris stuttered, there, she got her self consciousness back, as she tried to cover her breasts, but her eyes opened so wide when she noticed what Cane was doing. "C- Cane?!" 
Cane simply took off his own shirt and pants, after that, he proceeded to sit behind Iris. "Take off your clothes," he said, as he pulled the strings in front of her dress loose, to help her get out of her damned dress. "It will be so hard to take a bath with clothes on." 
"Why are you taking a bath with me?!" Iris sounded almost hysterical, as her voice cracked and her face turned very red instantly. She looked at Cane with a mortified look, especially when she could feel something down there, nudging her back. 
"Because you drenched my fingers, Iris," Cane replied simply. 
"AH!" 
He then laughed when Iris buried her face in his chest, grumbling. It seemed she was cursing him.
###Chapter 448: OH, DID I HURT YOU?
Chapter 448: OH, DID I HURT YOU?
AIris refused to look at Cane. She pressed her face against his chest, while Cane hugged her. He then simply ripped off her dress, so he could get rid of it, before he ran the water, after he managed to get her out of her dress. 
Meanwhile, Iris still refused to look at him, though she was cooperative enough to let Cane get herself out of her dress. The water turned warmer when Cane dropped more flame stones into the water. 
Iris lifted her head and her body moved out of instinct when Cane brushed away her hair. She didn’t want him to look at her back. 
"It’s okay." Cane leaned over and kissed the tip of her nose, as he pulled her head to rest against his chest again. 
Iris obliged and let Cane spread soap on her back. "Is it there?" she asked. 
She knew what Cane was looking for and because she already knew about it, there was no need for him to deny it. "No. Your scars covered your back." 
"It’s ugly, right? It’s disgusting." Iris didn’t hear what Cane said, she only spoke what was in her mind out of her insecurity. She didn’t want him to stare at her ugly back, whether the mark was there or not. 
Cane pushed her forward, but kept her within an arm’s length, as he stared at her. "Do you also find my phallus disgusting?" What was the difference between her back and his phallus when both those parts of their bodies were covered in scars? "Or, do you find my face disgusting instead?" There was a visible scar on his face, a reminder of what horrible nightmares Gerald had put him through. 
Realizing what Cane meant by that, Iris looked mortified. "NO! No! I didn’t mean it that way." Iris raised her hands to cup his face, as she whimpered. "I am sorry. I didn’t mean it that way." 
Cane took her hands and kissed her palms. "Don’t say anything like that. You are mine and I take offense when someone talks bad about what is mine, including you. Understood?" 
Iris bit her lip and Cane pinched her chin, waiting for her reply.
"Your answer, Iris." 
"Okay," she said in a small voice. 
Cane leaned over to kiss the tip of her nose. "Everything about you is beautiful, Iris. I will never ask for more, you are more than enough for me." 
Iris smiled softly, she felt a little bit better reading what Cane said. 
The Alpha then sat her on his lap, and again, Iris could feel that thing nudging her bottom. "Mm... Cane..." She was not sure how to bring this up. 
"Hm?" Cane asked, as he took some soap and started to rub it on her shoulders. 
"Why don’t you... mm, why didn’t you... you know..." Iris bit her lip again. "You are still hard..." She blushed when the words finally left her lips and Cane only chuckled. 
"Thank you for pointing it out." 
And after that, he didn’t say anything and focused on his task to clean her up, he didn’t forget to brush his palm against her perky nipples innocently every now and then, while Iris kept struggling to get her point across. 
"Cane, why didn’t you... why didn’t we..." Iris stared at Cane and realized he was intentionally ignoring her. "Cane!" 
"What?" Cane tilted his head, as he rested his hand on top of her bare thigh under the warm water, but even so, Iris could still feel the heat from his skin. 
"Why didn’t you..." 
"...Fuck you?" Cane raised one of his brows, and his choice of words left Iris stunned. "What? Did it ring a bell?" 
"Cane... you knew?" 
Cane knew what she meant. "Yes, I knew." He knew what Lu had been doing when he took over his body. That damned lycan! "If he tries to do anything like that again, you stab him with the dagger I gave you, understood?" 
Iris pursed her lips. "Doesn’t that mean I have to stab you?" 
"Hm, even so, do it." 
"No." 
Cane stopped what he was doing and stared at Iris seriously. "This is not a request, Iris. I don’t want to hear a refusal. If something like that happens again and you can’t get away from him, stab him. I don’t want him to touch you." 
Iris crossed her arms stubbornly, and without her realizing it, her movements pushed her breasts up and this was a tempting sight for the Alpha. "No. Actually, it’s still you who will touch me, right?" 
"Iris, I am serious." Cane’s voice was dark and demanding. "He will not touch you, even with my body. No questions and I don’t accept ’no’ as an answer." 
Iris was slightly taken aback with how stern Cane was. He had never been so demanding like this. "Okay." She promised him, but there was no way she would stab him. 
Unfortunately, she didn’t know what the future would hold for them. 
"After all, I will never do that again to you," Iris added in a small voice. Now, she knew for sure what would happen when she saw the shifter’s spirit beast. She would never do that again to Cane. 
"Okay. There is nothing to be worried about then." Cane didn’t have any intention to give up his body to that damned lycan again, especially when he lusted over his mate. He then continued to take care of her hair. 
"So, can you see the mark?" Iris asked, playing with the soap suds, as she stared at Cane. She liked it when he massaged her scalp. 
"No. If the mark is indeed there, I think the scars covered it." 
"Oh." Iris put some suds on top of his head and Cane smiled at her childishness. "How can you take back your body from the lycan?" 
"Because I am angry," Cane said. He still could feel his desire for her, but he didn’t want to disrupt this serene moment. He had never done anything like this before and having a conversation while bathing was different. Or, maybe it was because of the person he was having a conversation with. 
"You are angry because he touched me?" 
"Hm." Cane massaged her scalp and she purred like a kitten, which made him smile and peck her lips. 
"So, you do know what he was saying and what he was doing when he took over your body." 
"Some of the time, yes." 
"Why didn’t you take your body sooner?" 
"Because I don’t have the energy to do so." He felt so lethargic whenever he tried. 
"Cane." 
"Hm?" 
"What is your plan with... her?" Iris spread soap on his shoulders and started to run her hands on his skin, but Cane stopped her. He wanted this peacefulness to last a little bit longer. 
"I will use her to get to Alpha Gallot," Cane replied lightly. He remembered what he told Sofia this morning. 
"How?" Iris asked again. 
"Deceiving an alpha by trying to trap them with their firstborn is a crime, especially when it involves royal blood," Cane said simply. 
"I think, sometimes, you need to elaborate your plans to Ethan and Jace more. The two of them looked so defeated and stressed when they couldn’t ask you for instructions." Jace had talked with Iris about this before. The Beta literally asked a favor from Iris for bringing up this topic in front of Cane and Iris thought she really needed to mention it. With Cane gone, they had been at a loss and there would have been a lot of things at stake if they couldn’t make a decision as soon as possible. 
But, the problem was; they didn’t have any idea which direction or the whole picture of Cane’s plan was. 
However, Iris didn’t want to step her over boundaries and start telling him what he needed to do, because she herself didn’t know any better. 
"I will think about that," Cane said, he actually considered the suggestion. The Alpha then attentively washed her hair. 
Both of them felt comfortable being naked with each other like this, she didn’t mind him touching her, neither did he. 
"Cane." 
"Hm?" 
"Why didn’t you make love to me earlier?" Finally, Iris could ask this question, though she was trying to hold back her embarrassment. 
"I will, Iris, but earlier, my intention was to please you." 
Iris bit her lip, she glanced down and she still could feel his hardness. How could he hold back for so long? Didn’t it torture him? Amee said he couldn’t get it down once he got hard. How would he take care of it? 
Iris didn’t even want to think Cane would ask someone else to help him with this problem, though she knew, the ridiculous thought, was only her jealousy that was talking. How long did he plan to be like this? Would he be like this during dinner with the King too? 
"Should I please you in return now?" 
Cane chuckled, he stopped what he was doing and stared at his mate with amusement in his eyes. "How do you plan to do so?" 
Iris didn’t know... but, she saw it once, she did this to him. Even though she didn’t like to remember that certain event, she thought it could help. 
"Like this?" Iris moved a little bit back from his lap and then wrapped her hand around his hardness, which made Cane gasp in surprise, he didn’t expect her to do this. 
"Iris!" He gripped the edge of the bathtub, while Iris moved her hand up and down, trying to figure out what she was going to do with it. Cane hissed dangerously. 
"Oh, did I hurt you?"
###Chapter 449: SHE DIDN’T THINK SHE COULD USE HER HAND ANYMORE
Chapter 449: SHE DIDN’T THINK SHE COULD USE HER HAND ANYMORE
Cane looked at Iris dangerously, his dark eyes turned even darker when his mate touched him innocently. Iris was oblivious to what kind of turmoil she set off in him. 
Meanwhile, as long as she remembered, this was the first time for her to touch his phallus and wrap her hand around it. She was shocked to notice only now that Cane had a huge member. And because the water was filled with soap bubbles, she couldn’t really look at it right now. No wonder, Iris felt so much pain when he penetrated her aggressively. 
"How... what should I do?" Iris was not sure if she was doing it correctly, as she touched him clumsily, but when she lifted her head and looked at Cane, she blushed to see his desire for her. He looked like a feral beast staring at its prey. 
Cane hissed even more threateningly when Iris ran her thumb over the tip of his phallus and for her, who couldn’t hear the agitation in his voice, the Alpha looked like he was seething in anger. 
Iris went still. "Does it... hurt?" Did she touch him wrongly? "Should I stop?" 
Iris intended to retract her hand, but Cane growled and grabbed her hand instead to keep it wrapped around his member. 
"No!" Cane said oppressively, as he started to guide her small hand in the way he wanted her to touch him. "Touch me like this..." Cane groaned in frustration. He had been trying to hold himself back and suppress his desire. He took pride in being patient this far and even able to bathe with her, while he was still in control of himself over his lust. 
But, who would have thought Iris would make a move like this? She was a catalyst, a temptation that could crush his self control. 
It never crossed Cane’s mind Iris would be so bold to actually touch him without a second thought. He really underestimated her this time. She became so comfortable with him, until she could no longer care about the consequences that would come to her for her actions. 
What was inside that pretty head of hers? She trusted him so much that he wouldn’t hurt her. 
"Cane? Are you... okay?" Iris asked when Cane dropped his head in the crook of her neck, while his hand guided hers up and down along his phallus. His movements were steady even though his body kept shaking, while he breathed raggedly. 
At first, his movements were slow, but a few minutes later, he picked up the pace and Iris felt her arm would fall off, she didn’t even try to match with his vigor. 
And a few minutes later, she felt so numb. She wanted to ask Cane to stop, but immediately realized it was her who actually started this. 
How long would it take him to get his release? Iris thought numbly... would she be able to use her hand after this? 
The two of them, engulfed in their own world, not even caring about what was going on with the world, were clueless about the two servants, who had been waiting outside of the door of their bedroom, carrying their alpha and luna’s lunch. 
"What are you doing here?" Ethan asked, he frowned to see the two servant girls standing right outside of the Alpha’s bedroom with food trays in their hands. "Is that the Alpha and the Luna’s lunch? Why don’t you get inside?" 
"Gamma Ethan..." One of the servants grimaced, but both of them blushed and looked uncomfortable. 
"What is it?" Ethan walked toward them, but only when he was close enough could he smell it. The scent was strong enough to knock his guts. It stopped him in his tracks. 
"We... I don’t think it is the right time for us to go inside..." The servants said pitifully. "We knocked, but there was no answer from inside." They had been standing there for at least one hour, but the smell of sex was only getting stronger, which meant they were not done yet... 
Ethan scrunched his face. He should have asked Jace to come here instead. He didn’t want to put himself in such an awkward situation. 
How long were they going to go at it?! Cane said they were only having lunch together, what did they eat when their lunch was still here? 
Ethan groaned in frustration, because he didn’t know what to do. Should he enter? He shook his head mentally. 
No. His heart was not strong enough, more so, whether it was Cane or Lu, he was sure he would be dead once he saw Iris naked. 
He didn’t even want to think about it. 
"Just... bring the food back and reheat the dishes," Ethan said. "One of you can stay here, the Alpha will ask for his lunch once they are... done." Cane wouldn’t let Iris starve, at least, he knew this much. 
"Yes, Gamma Ethan." 
The two servant girls immediately scurried away with the trays in their hands, arguing over who was going to stay behind to wait for the Alpha to come out. 
Meanwhile, Ethan also rushed away from there. The sweet smell that lingered in the air was suffocating. What were they doing inside for the scent to be so strong? 
Ethan prayed Iris would still be able to attend the dinner party tonight. 
=============================== 
"Why do you look so gloomy?" Avid asked, as he piled up so much food on his plate. Having to share accommodation with thousands of the royal warriors wasn’t easy, especially when most of them were simply pieces of crap. 
They kept taunting and making jabs about how they were once slaves under their luna’s father’s reign. How they were still literally slaves for they allowed their torturer’s daughter to be the woman in charge of the pack. Alpha Gerald would be laughing from hell when he saw the Howling Wolf pack members still kissing the ground that his daughter walked on. 
The Beta had been trying to calm them down, telling them not to be provoked, but it was so hard not to jump to their throats and pull their tongues out of their mouths, so they could stop blabbering. 
If it was not for Beta Jace’s harsh warning about how they could put their alpha and the whole pack in danger if they initiated a fight with the royal warriors, they would have raised hell by now for their comments and nasty jabs. 
The problem was, if one of them tripped, the rest would follow and what would happen next was something they wouldn’t be able to imagine. The consequences would be so dire for them, but then they were walking on eggshells, as they had to keep their anger in check. 
It was even harder than attending their harsher morning training sessions. 
Not to mention the feeling of hostility for their luna only increased from their provocation. 
"I can’t understand why Luna Iris has to do that..." Maria sighed, she sat down next to Avid, staring at the fireplace. The kitchen was a little bit humid this afternoon, as people had started to busy themselves preparing the pastries and food for dinner. 
"What has she done?" Avid frowned, he stopped piling up his plate with food and looked at Maria. He was a little bit defensive when she started complaining. 
"The connecting door to the bathroom in Sofia’s room was barred, so was the door to the Alpha’s bedroom." Maria looked at Avid sadly. "You know, Sofia is pregnant, it will be hard for her to use the bathroom." 
"Then you can move her out," Avid replied simply. "That’s not her room to begin with." 
Maria flinched when she heard that. She couldn’t retort that fact, but then, it was not her, who had put Sofia there. "But, she is pregnant with the Alpha’s firstborn..." she could only repeat that lame excuse. 
"The Alpha has never claimed that the baby is his. More so, she is Alpha Gallot’s mistress, the father of the baby can be anyone, since Alpha Gallot likes to pass his mistress around to his guests." Avid knew this much and this was common knowledge for a warrior like Avid, while people like Maria or Kaz were clueless about it. 
Maria cleared her throat. "But, the Alpha didn’t move her out of the bedroom either, right?" 
Avid sighed, he knew their discussion about this topic would only run in circles, he had heard this argument before. 
"It was not the Luna who ordered the doors to be barred, it was the Alpha." 
Maria rolled her eyes. "I saw Joel walking with Luna Iris in the hallway. That young warrior was even carrying a few planks. I know some warriors have been very close to her, but you can’t lie like that." 
Right at that time, as if on cue, Joel entered the kitchen with the said planks. He handed them to one of the omegas. 
"I am famished!" He said, as he took a plate and sat down across from Avid and Maria. 
"Why did you bring back the planks?" When Iris and Joel entered the Alpha’s bedroom, Maria was delivering Sofia’s lunch and not long after, Sofia wanted to use the bathroom, but she couldn’t open it, only then both of them realized the two doors had been barred and Maria put two and two together. 
"Hm?" Joel lifted his head. 
"Didn’t you use them to bar the doors?" Maria asked, frowning. 
"Yeah, that’s the original plan, but the Alpha has already ordered someone else to bar the doors," Joel replied casually, as he piled up his plate. The Alpha was so scary and he got scolded by Beta Jace for entering the Alpha’s bedroom alone with the Luna.
###Chapter 450: LADY CYAN’S MOVE
Chapter 450: LADY CYAN’S MOVE
"No way. The Alpha did that?" Maria was still in denial, as she watched Joel nod. 
"I was the one who barred them this morning per the Alpha’s order," Avid said, munching on his meat. 
"Are you sure that it’s really the Alpha’s order?" Maria mumbled, but it was loud enough for Avid and Joel to hear. Both of them stopped eating and stared at her in disbelief, which made Maria become self conscious. 
"Are you really questioning it?" Avid asked, his voice deepened when he glared at the old woman beside him. "It’s an insult to a warrior for not knowing from whom the order came from." 
"You are too much, Maria," Joel chimed in, he creased his brows. "You only want to hate the Luna without reason at all." 
Joel knew about the provocation from the royal warriors. Those scums arrived just a few hours back and they already disrespected them and some of them, if it was not most, started talking ill and cursing at their luna under their breaths and this made Joel really mad, but no one was allowed to talk about this matter and escalate the already tensed situation. 
Therefore, the two warriors didn’t want to hear the same thing when they were eating. 
"I am sorry," Maria said in a small voice. Knowing she wouldn’t be able to argue with them two, she decided it was easier to stop the contention before it started. 
Knowing this argumentation wouldn’t go anywhere, they dropped the topic and minded their own businesses. 
============================== 
Ethan entered the room and found Will sitting on the edge of the bed. His head was down, as he stared at the necklace in his hand without saying anything. He had been like this for God knows how long. 
He didn’t say anything and Cane had relieved him from all the duties, since he was not mentally stable enough to be responsible for anything. 
The Gamma remembered the last thing he said was; help me, and after that, Will didn’t say anything at all. 
Hell. 
Ethan didn’t even think his soul and mind were still intact with his body. He wondered, if he punched him as hard as he could, whether he would be able to pull some kind of reaction out of Will. Being angry would be better than this numbed Will. 
The Gamma really considered his options, but then he sighed and sat down next to him, but Will didn’t even show any reaction that he acknowledged Ethan’s presence. 
"Who had done this to you, Will? What actually happened to you?" Ethan talked to himself. He stared at Will, who looked so pale and fragile, as if a single attack could end his life. He looked like a candle that burned to the last of its candlewick. "Can’t you tell me something? I swear I will help you exact revenge. Hell. I will do anything for you." 
There was only silence that greeted Ethan. 
"Well, I am sure the Alpha must have planned something about that, since he knew about what happened to you." Cane knew about this and Ethan didn’t have any doubt in that, though the Alpha had never mentioned it explicitly. "Hang in there, Will. Hang in there." 
Ethan patted his back and then stood up, he left the room and the silence returned. 
============================ 
Iris pursed her lips, she grimaced when she glanced at her right hand. She felt so sore. Her hand never felt so sore and numb like this before. 
Meanwhile, the culprit was trying to ease her discomfort by helping her put on her dress. This dress was a little bit complicated, since they were due to attend a formal dinner with the King and Lady Cyan soon, but he didn’t allow Hanna to come and help. 
Iris couldn’t believe it, she did that for more than an hour! That was insane! In that case, why didn’t he just have sex with her instead? 
But then, she dismissed the thought. Her hand was so sore like this and she was barely able to hold anything. If Cane really made love to her, she would probably be bedridden for days. She had always ended up in bed for a few days when they had sex in the past and this was not the right time for that. 
She needed to be by Cane’s side in order to greet the King and his mistress, Lady Cyan, and also to make sure everything went well, since this was her responsibility. 
Done with the strings of her dress, Cane turned her body around and lifted her chin, so she could look at him. "Okay?" 
"My hand is not okay," Iris said sullenly, showing Cane her hand that was still a little bit shaking. 
"Sorry," Cane kissed her palm lightly and this made Iris flinch, the butterflies in her stomach took flight at the contact. 
On the other hand, Cane looked happy enough to get his release. He didn’t think he could get it in such a lame way. He was used to not being able to feel anything, since his phallus was scarred so badly, but her touch was different. 
"Should we go see Grace to get your hand checked?" Cane asked casually. 
"No!" Iris immediately replied, horrified. She still remembered the first and the last conversation between Lu and Grace and now Cane wanted to take her to see the healer? No way! 
Seeing her strong reaction, he kissed the tip of her nose. "But, if I am not mistaken, you were the one who made the offer," Cane smirked to see how Iris blushed, but at the same time, she wanted to get angry with him for his comment. 
"Ugh!" Iris bit her lips in distress, but Cane leaned over and bit them instead. 
"Thank you," he said softly and then took her hand to walk out of the bedroom, while the smell of sex lingered so thick in the air. Only if Iris could smell it the way Cane could, she would be mortified. "Did the King’s comment bother you?" 
Cane showed some mercy for his mate, as he changed the topic and talked about something else, since he also needed to do something to distract his mind. His mood was so light and the guards and warriors that followed behind them could see it. 
"What comment?" Iris asked, she was still blushing, but she welcomed this new topic so well. 
"About this morning." 
Iris immediately understood what Cane was trying to talk about. "No. I don’t really care about what he was trying to imply," Iris replied honestly. 
After the disrespect she received from the King and everything that happened only a day prior to his arrival, King Aeon’s snide comment didn’t even bother her at all. She didn’t even remember it the second the old king disappeared from her sight. 
"Good." Cane nodded, satisfied. He wrapped his arm around her waist protectively, as they met with Jace and Ethan halfway to the dining hall, from where they could hear the noise of people talking to each other. 
As the Alpha and the Luna of the pack, Cane and Iris should be there first before the King. 
[Alpha, the situation in the warrior’s quarters is pretty tense,] Jace said through the mindlink when they were close enough to do so. [I think they did it on purpose to provoke us.] 
Cane listened to more details about what had transpired in the warrior’s quarters and how those royal warriors had been blatantly disrespecting themselves. They even became more aggressive with their words when they didn’t get the reaction they wanted. 
For now, Jace still could control their warriors and calm them down, but it was only a matter of time before one of them could no longer hold back their anger. 
[Understood.] Cane said, but he didn’t give him any other instruction after that. The Alpha didn’t see it coming, after all, this trick was not like the King at all. 
As he had expected, it must be Lady Cyan. She must have made the royal warriors talk shit about them to get to their heads. The King wouldn’t beat around the bush like this and use ’trash talk’ in his plan. King Aeon was way more confrontational and straightforward in his attacks. 
This roundabout route was a plan that would never come from his mind. 
With the problem with Sofia, Cane was trying to drag the King into the mud as well, involving him in the upcoming troubles with the Moon Dew pack. It would be nice if he could use the King, something that he had planned in the beginning. 
However, Lady Cyan’s move was not familiar to Cane. He only met with her a handful of times and now, she was here trying to disrupt his pack. 
Since she couldn’t start with Cane or Iris, she tried provoking the pack members and used their old wounds to incite their anger, sowing seeds of discord in his people’s hearts. 
Lady Cyan was smart enough to move from that point to shake their strong bond. 
What a cunning woman... 
============================= 
"Are you sure the Alpha will come see you tonight?" Maria asked, as she washed Sofia’s hair and put more flower petals in the bathtub, where the pregnant woman dipped herself into this flowery scented water. 
"Yes, the Alpha said it himself that he will come see me tonight." Sofia was all smiles, as she caressed her stomach lovingly. She could feel her baby moving. The baby must be so excited to see its father after all this time. 
"I am happy for you," Maria said genuinely, as she smiled lovingly. "The Alpha must have finally come to his senses."
###Chapter 451: THE DINNER
Chapter 451: THE DINNER
"I am so happy, Maria." Finally, Sofia felt a little bit better after Jemma’s death. She had been very depressed ever since she lost the only person who had been with her through everything. 
While Sofia would play a nice and docile mistress when they were in the Moon Dew pack, it would be Jemma, who had done all the dirty work for her behind the scenes. 
Being one of the mistresses of Alpha Gallot was brutally hectic, because the threat never came from the Alpha himself, but his other mistresses. Therefore, Sofia was not unfamiliar with her and Iris’ situation right now. She was used to living like that. Thankfully, Alpha Cane had no other mistresses. 
"I can see it on your face," Maria replied, she looked ecstatic too. Though when Sofia wasn’t looking at her, she felt this doubt that started to creep in her heart about the whole thing regarding Sofia. 
Now, without Kaz, who put Sofia on the high pedestal and tried to make her look like the most important woman in the pack, because she was having the Alpha’s first baby and with Iris acting aloof toward them and only interacting with a handful of people that were close to her, everyone was in a weird mood. 
"Of course, you will be able to see it on my face. I must be blushing so much right now," Sofia giggled, as she let Maria scrub her skin. She wanted to look perfect tonight for Alpha Cane. 
Even though she didn’t attend the dinner arranged for the King, she looked forward to what would happen after that. 
Usually, by this hour every night, she would fall asleep, but she didn’t think she would even be able to sit still because of the excitement. 
"Your father will see us, baby. I am sure, he will be elated to meet you for the first time," Sofia said softly, as she caressed the baby in her stomach, which moved a few times, as if it could feel her excitement too. 
Catching this sight, Maria’s eyes softened. 
It was a beautiful picture after all to see how a mother loved her child. 
============================== 
Despite the music and the entertainment, one could tell that the King was not happy with the party. This was not a party that was up to his standard at all, after all, without women and endless alcohol, how could one call this a party? This was only a normal dinner with boring music and wasted performances. 
Sir Elijah sat with Leon Dmitri, while Alpha Dristan sat next to Alpha Cane. It was not clear when he found a woman to accompany him, but right now there was a young woman, who just arrived this morning and told them she was Alpha Dristan’s new mistress from the Riverside pack. 
It seemed, aside from his job to help Lou build the magical devices in the Riverside pack, he had time to find a woman to keep the Alpha from feeling lonely. 
The girl looked so young, probably around Iris’ age. She looked like she wanted to be anywhere, but here. The presence of so many sovereigns, such as the Alphas and the King, made her fidgety. After all, she didn’t have a good experience with people in power. 
Meanwhile, Alpha Dristan kept touching her here and there. It was not something inappropriate, but enough to say, the girl was not comfortable with such affection. 
Sitting next to the King, Lady Cyan looked so calm and harmless. The air around her was so serene, as if she was someone who couldn’t even hurt an ant. 
The welcoming party for the King looked so lifeless. 
Actually, there was nothing wrong with this, since Iris had planned it meticulously with so much scrumptious food and good music, it was just their expectations were something a little bit wilder than this. 
Meanwhile, as the Alpha of the pack, Cane didn’t even seem to be interested in entertaining the King or making the situation less depressing, knowing how much his guests were bored out of their minds with this extravagant dinner that he called a welcoming party for the King. 
Right now, the said alpha was way more interested in feeding his little luna, as he cut more and more meat for her. He pushed the alcohol out of her reach though, which made Iris give him a look. She tasted the wine before and she seemed to like it. 
"I heard you have been giving away food to the commoners," King Aeon said. He wanted to call for Nala, but the girl had been very sick ever since they arrived. It seemed he overtired her along their boring journey to this Howling Wolf pack. "Are you trying to win people’s hearts so you can be the only alpha in the south?" 
Probably, the boredom and the alcohol were not a good mix, now the King let loose his tongue, which made Lady Cyan glance at him. 
"I gave away the food in your name, My King," Cane replied, finally stopping his attempts to feed Iris more, seeing she already pushed his hand away a few times. She was full. "Those people should be grateful for you." 
It was true that Cane gave away the food in the name of the King, but even the stupidest person alive could tell how untrue that was. There was no way the King would be so generous when he kept the food for himself and the royal family during winter. What he did was no different from the other five alphas. 
Knowing this, people were even more in favor of the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack, because he didn’t take the credit for himself. 
However, King Aeon was not a fool, so he could tell what Cane was up to. This alpha only became more and more cunning with his methods. 
Scoffing, King Aeon glared at Cane, who looked as calm as ever. "Do you think you can make a fool out of me with that reason? Do you want to get people’s sympathy, so you can be the sole alpha in the south?" 
Lady Cyan grabbed the King’s hand, as if it was her attempt to calm him down, but Cane saw it differently. 
"My King, I heard the people from the Holy Kingdom will arrive within this month. The only thing in my mind is to picture how good of a king you are for the people, especially when dark magic is involved. We all know how sensitive this topic is for the people from the Holy Kingdom and I know how much you don’t want them to interfere with the problems in our continent." The answer came very naturally from Cane’s mouth, as if he was a devotee who would do anything for his king. 
People who didn’t know him any better would think he had pledged his loyalty to the King, yet it was not the King who carried on with the conversation. 
"The King is only worried that you have made a harsh decision by executing the five alphas recklessly. After all, five packs lost their alphas at the same time. You should have discussed it with the King first," Lady Cyan said, trying to smooth things out. 
However, it was not Cane, who retorted to that, but Alpha Dristan. Like a loyal dog. He wanted to flaunt his so-called ’loyalty’ to the other alpha in the room. "My lady, you don’t know how dangerous dark magic is. If Alpha Cane hadn’t moved quickly, it would have been his life that was in danger." 
This room filled with false loyalty and lies, thickened with schemes underneath their words. 
Lady Cyan nodded considerately. "I see. I see." But then, she lifted her head to look at Cane directly. "But, I heard, before your journey to the capital city, you have executed your first mistress because she used dark magic, is that true?" 
"Yes." Cane didn’t blink an eye when he answered that, while a few servants had this complicated look in their eyes when Aria became the topic of discussion. 
"How could that happen?" Lady Cyan asked again. "If one of the members of your pack has the audacity to touch forbidden things, shouldn’t you investigate further? More so, I heard the lycan appeared for the first time around the time of her death." 
There, Lady Cyan threw the idea in the air, telling them how it started with Aria, who used dark magic first. Before all the five alphas were discovered to use dark magic, it was Aria from the Howling Wolf pack, who was publicly executed for the same reason. 
Lady Cyan was trying to imply the connection between Aria, dark magic, the lycan and the accused five alphas. 
"A mistress must obey what her master said, no?" Lady Cyan drank her wine gracefully, while the King kept mum beside her. Compared to her, the Sovereign looked more like a backdrop. 
Cane’s eyes darkened when he knew where this conversation would go, but he kept his front and drank his wine as well, looking unperturbed by what Lady Cyan tried to imply. 
Meanwhile, the people around them could feel the tension in the air and Alpha Dristan looked a little bit less bored. 
People were intrigued as to how Cane would answer that. Despite her polite choice of words, Alpha Dristan could see how this lady started to show her claws, while Cane didn’t seem to be bothered. 
But, there was another person, who looked as unperturbed as the Alpha. Just like her mate, Iris didn’t seem to be concerned with what lady Cyan said.
###Chapter 452: THE ROOM WITH CITRUS SCENT
Chapter 452: THE ROOM WITH CITRUS SCENT
Iris knew Cane was suspicious of Lady Cyan and he was cautious of her. Instead of the King, Cane actually put his attention more on the Lady. 
If it was in the past, she would have started fidgeting the moment she understood what Lady Cyan was trying to imply and be bothered when the topic of Aria came up. She didn’t want to be blamed for her death, because somehow, she felt that way, since the people in the Howling Wolf pack mourned her death so much. 
As she was the first person who was sentenced to death by Cane. The first death order that happened after they freed themselves from the slavery. 
However, now, since Iris didn’t have too many expectations on these people, she felt a little bit lighter and it was less stressful than groveling to be accepted by them. 
On the other hand, Cane put down his glass and looked at Lady Cyan calmly to answer her question. "My Lady, are you trying to say that I have ordered Aria to kill those three innocent children? Because that’s what she did. Not only did she get involved with dark magic, but she killed children as well. The punishment fits the crime." Cane smiled harmlessly. "I am trying to be fair here. I even ordered the death sentence of my own mistress, it shouldn’t surprise you that I immediately executed the five alphas for the same crime." 
That was a very logical thing to do. Cane was being fair by delivering the same execution to a similar crime. 
Iris lowered her head and smiled to herself at Cane’s reply. Her face brightened with satisfaction, she was so proud of him for turning the tables around and being so calm to answer Lady Cyan’s jab. She never doubted this man when it came to twisting words. 
And he was her man... 
The thought made her blush, reminding her of her numb hand and his face when he got his release. Well, the sight of him was worth the pain... 
And Iris kept blushing, which made Cane wonder what she was thinking right now, because while everyone was on the edges of their seats and looked like they were too afraid to breathe too loudly, Iris was being bashful when Cane didn’t even tease her at all. 
He was having a vicious banter with Lady Cyan using polite words, something that couldn’t possibly have made her blush, nor think of something inappropriate. 
There were a moment or two, where he couldn’t understand her, but he liked the sight of her right now nonetheless... 
"How’s Prince Alan doing, My Lady?" Cane asked, but his next words made Alpha Dristan kiss his new mistress to suppress his laughter. "I heard he was actually the one who had invited the people from the Holy Kingdom to come. He must have cleaned up his underground first, or else, the people from the Holy Kingdom will not be happy to see it. I am worried they will misunderstand the situation and think the people there were used as a sacrifice, since he was accused of getting involved in dark magic." 
Lady Cyan’s smile didn’t falter at all when she heard how Cane retaliated to her words, while the King still kept mum, he looked around the dining hall, not bothered to be interested to join the banter when it was actually him who had started it. 
"I am so thankful for your concern, Alpha Cane. Prince Alan has been trying to atone for his sins and prove to the people that he is innocent in regards of the accusation of himself using dark magic, that’s why he did his best to solve the problem, since we still didn’t know whether or not the lycan will appear again after the death of the five alphas. He did his best to help in this situation." Lady Cyan deflected the main point of Cane’s jab and focused on something else, which made her son look less guilty. 
"I see, I see," Cane replied considerately, which made Iris want to laugh, as she reached her hand to take the fork, but when she was about to put the meat into her mouth, she lost her grip on the fork and the meat fell on her dress. 
Her hand still hadn’t recovered its strength. 
"Ah!" Iris gasped to see the stain on her dress. When she lifted her head, she caught Cane’s eyes. The Alpha stared at her with amusement dancing in his dark eyes. He even had the audacity to smirk at her! Iris really wanted to be upset, only she felt so bashful. 
"What happened? Is your hand fine?" Cane asked innocently. He seemed to be in a good mood and didn’t think of the situation with Lady Cyan and the King seriously. 
"Fine," Iris mumbled and then excused herself to change her dress, she apologized for the disruption and stood up. 
But then, Cane too stood up with her. He grabbed her hand to make her stay for a while, because there was something he wanted to say first. 
"I will go with my mate for a while to help her, I hope you will enjoy the next act of entertainment. I want to introduce a new member of the Howling Wolf pack." 
This was the main event of the whole dinner, but at this moment, Cane chose to leave with Iris instead. Jace and Ethan could only facepalm themselves. Was it fine to be this reckless? They wondered if it was actually Lu, who took control of Cane’s body again. Or maybe the lycan had rubbed some of his bad traits on their reserved alpha... 
"My beta will proceed with the introduction." Cane nodded politely to the King and Lady Cyan. 
"You can ask someone else to help her change her dress," Alpha Dristan voiced his opinion. For someone like them, it was unheard of for them to help with anything related to their women, since there would be hundreds of maid servants, who would do the job. 
"Her personal maid is not available and I like to take care of my own mate," Cane replied, his voice was firm and this made not only the three people in power inside this room narrow their eyes at his answer, but also made the members of his pack have this mixed feeling. "Please, enjoy the next act of entertainment." 
This was exactly what Cane had specifically asked Iris while she organized the party. Although the discussion of this still went back and forth, in the end, Cane decided to go through with the original plan after he thought about the pros and cons with his beta and gamma. 
Cane nodded at Jace, who immediately carried on with the next step of this said welcoming party, as Cane pulled Iris out of the dining hall. 
At the same time, Iris walked out of the room through the side door, Haco entered the room in his dark cloak, creating fireballs in both of his hands. He performed some form of fire act in front of the people. 
Yes, that was right, the new member of the Howling Wolf pack that Cane wanted to introduce was Haco. He wanted to officially welcome him to the pack, so his presence wouldn’t be a question in the future if they saw him with the Alpha often. 
"Cane, is it okay for you to leave when Haco is being introduced?" Iris asked as soon as it was only the two of them outside of the dining hall. She was worried. The old sorcerer would probably cry right away when he saw Cane was not in his seat, since he was against the idea of himself being introduced to the royal family. Probably because he felt self conscious, since he was the true culprit behind Princess Osana’s misery. 
"Jace will handle it just fine," Cane replied. There was nothing much he needed to do even if he stayed. 
"I can change my own dress, you don’t need to bother," Iris said again. She felt her body was hot when the cold breeze hit her face and realized it was only the two of them in this part of the pack house, since the crowd gathered in the dining hall. 
"But, I am bothered." Cane suddenly opened an empty room next to him and pulled Iris inside before he closed the door and trapped her between his body and the wall. This room smelled like citrus. "What made you aroused?" 
Cane’s face was so close to hers and Iris could see her reflection in his eyes. 
"I am not," she lied and both of them knew it was a lie. 
"You are, Iris." Cane was not sure how he became so sensitive to her arousal. It was a faint scent, but he could tell the difference. 
People around Iris wouldn’t be able to pick up the slightest change in her scent, but he could and he knew it happened during his banter with Lady Cyan. 
"What were you thinking to be so bashful like this?" Cane was genuinely curious. "Were you thinking about what happened earlier?" 
Iris shook her head. Another lie that both of them knew very well. She bit her lip when Cane pressed his body against hers so she could stop herself from moaning because of their closeness. 
"I don’t think I will get enough of you," Cane said in a hoarse voice as he leaned over and kissed her lips. Her arousal made him aroused as well. 
And this breakthrough made him want to explore more. 
As a response, Iris nibbled on his lip, while tiptoeing to wrap her arms around his neck.
###Chapter 453: PLOT AND PROMISE
Chapter 453: PLOT AND PROMISE
"You don’t need to drag me here, you know!" Redmond glared at Avid. This warrior had dragged him out of the bar before he could finish his second bottle, thus Redmond was sober enough to know where they would go. "I don’t want to go to the pack house!" He growled. 
"Oh! Shut up! Why are you whining so much!?" Avid couldn’t take it anymore and snapped at him. 
Strangely enough, Redmond didn’t talk back and only grumbled here and there, while he shook Avid’s hand off of his shoulder. "I can walk on my own!" He said viciously and Avid rolled his eyes. 
"I only want you to know, if you dare to run away, I will ask all the warriors to hunt you down like a dog and drag your ass back to the pack house!" 
Redmond scrunched his nose in disdain. "I don’t know that you can swear like that." 
"Oh, shut up." 
Probably this was Redmond’s curse, because he would end up bickering with whoever he was with, especially right now when he was in a very bad mood. 
He seemed to know why Cane called him over to the pack house and he couldn’t ignore it like he did with Iris, the Alpha would give him hell if he dared to do that. 
Now, after he spent a lot of time observing Cane, he became less and less confrontational with him, as he realized, the Alpha only tolerated his behavior for the sake of his mate and because he was still useful for him, but then, no matter how useful Redmond was, Cane could replace him with a snap of his fingers if he wanted. 
Grumbling, Redmond dragged his feet to the pack house, where the dinner party with Haco performing his magic continued to happen. 
============================== 
Haco would have adamantly refused to be introduced in this welcoming party to the King if he knew he would be left to his own devices without Cane there. Because that was not what he agreed to. 
Cane promised to be there, though everything would be up to Haco, knowing the cunning alpha was around , it would help ease his mind, especially when he had to face the other dark magic user. As of now, they were pretty sure Lady Cyan was using dark magic. 
Therefore, once Haco saw Cane walk out of the room with Iris in his tow and noticed the room full of people, his heart sank. He hated to be the center of attention and here he was! Falling straight for the Alpha’s trick again! 
It was either he was too weak to hold his ground to refuse Cane’s idea, or it was the Alpha who looked very convincing even when he didn’t say anything at all. 
Damn it! 
Haco would love to cuss Cane out when he saw him, but right now, he had a task on his shoulders to be accomplished. 
"My King, My Lady, allow me to introduce myself as the new sorcerer for the Howling Wolf pack," Haco said, as he knelt down in front of the King and his mistress. He was close enough to them. 
"So, Cane found a sorcerer for his pack..." King Aeon nodded, staring at the very old man before his eyes. He was not threatened by this, because he didn’t think the sorcerer before him was someone powerful. Haco looked so fragile and was very old to be considered a threat. He would probably die in a few years, since magic users didn’t have a long lifespan like shifters. 
Lady Cyan on the other hand, narrowed her eyes at the sorcerer, no one knew what was in her mind when she furrowed her brows deeply. Her expression became very serious, she didn’t even try to put up a front. 
"Yes, My King, and I am here to entertain you all with my magic, as a humble gift from me to be allowed to be part of this pack." If they knew Haco well enough, they would know these were not the words that he would say at all. Unfortunately for them, they didn’t know the old sorcerer. 
"Good! Good!" King Aeon clapped his hands, he was about to leave the room when Cane left with Iris. "What are you going to do?" 
Haco shifted his attention to Lady Cyan. "In that case, I would like to invite Lady Cyan to participate in this performance, if you don’t mind," he said clearly. 
"Great!" King Aeon looked more than happy to be entertained. One thing about him that not many people knew was, he liked magic. The King was the only king in history, who had his own team of royal sorcerers and built a tower for them, making them part of his court. "Go over there and help the old man, Cyan!" King Aeon said excitedly. 
In front of so many eyes, Lady Cyan couldn’t refuse that and actually stood up from her seat and walked toward Haco. They stood there, face to face, there was only two steps of distance between them. 
"What do you want me to do?" Cyan asked, her tone was calm and she looked composed, but only the two of them could feel the tension, as if there was this tacit understanding that started to build up the moment they were in close proximity. 
Haco smiled and extended his hand. "If I may," he said. 
=============================== 
Iris felt so tired, she was barely able to open her eyes when Cane kissed the tip of her nose, as he caressed her back to ease her. Her climax shattered her and it lasted longer than before. It was a delicious torture that she would love to experience again, but then her body couldn’t take another orgasm. She was exhausted. Her body couldn’t keep up. 
"Are you okay?" Cane asked. He tilted her head to look at him, so she could get the question. 
Iris nodded weakly, her eyelids were about to drop, but she fought back a little bit longer because she wanted to see him. "I am so tired, my hand is still numb, I don’t think I can return the favor now..." 
Cane laughed and the vibrations in his chest sent shivers down to her core. It was a beautiful voice, she noticed, he had been laughing more and more freely lately. 
When he laughed with her, it was not a sardonic laugh that was filled with sarcasm and calculation. 
"You don’t need to, Iris." Watching how she was squirming under his touch, moaning his name and getting her release, were enough for him, for now. It was another form of satisfaction, especially when he could hold himself back to this point and was still able to hold her in his arms after. "I am the one who wanted to please you." 
Iris pursed her lips, her sleepiness hit her so hard, but she still managed to mumble. "I want to please you too..." it was not clear whether she was saying that for Cane to hear or the words just slipped from her mind. 
"You will." Cane pecked her lips and then pulled back to see how sleepy she was. "But not now." 
They had not yet done the deed and Iris was so exhausted already, her body wouldn’t be able to keep up with the actual act, if Cane forced it. For now, he was content with this, though Iris didn’t feel the same, since she thought it was not fair to Cane. 
"I can’t go back to the party..." Iris closed her eyes, so she didn’t know Cane’s answer. 
"You don’t need to, Iris. I don’t want you to be there." Cane didn’t want her to be in the same room as Lady Cyan, but with their current situation, he couldn’t do much about the matter. "Sleep, Iris. You need to rest." 
Cane kissed her forehead and held her closer to him. He found peace in her scent and the warmth of her body. How could this little woman hold such importance in his life now? He knew it was not only the lycan’s feeling... it was his too. 
And then, for the first time, he forgot about something. 
Probably because he didn’t deem it as important to begin with. 
============================= 
Sofia sat down on her bed, waiting anxiously for the Alpha. She was so beautiful in her transparent red night gown that complimented her skin. She smelled so good and there was a glass of Cane’s favorite wine on the table. Maria was the one who prepared that for her and told her a few things about Cane, so she wouldn’t be at a loss during the conversation. 
But, even after the dinner had finished and she could see from her room how the lights in the dining hall had dimmed, the Alpha had not come to her bedroom. 
Sofia couldn’t sleep because she was too excited and she couldn’t help but smile all this time. Even when midnight came and there was no sign of Cane, she was still smiling, caressing her stomach patiently. 
"Don’t worry, baby. Your father will be here to meet us." Sofia felt a nudge from inside her stomach and she would always be happy when she saw the smallest of movements from her baby. 
She didn’t have parents and had been Alpha Gallot’s mistress since she was fifteen years old, while Alpha Gallot didn’t want to have a child with any of his mistresses, Sofia always dreamed of having a family of her own. 
And right at that time, she straightened her back as someone opened the door from outside. Sofia’s face lit up and she immediately stood up to welcome him, her heart bursting with happiness.
###Chapter 454: FORGOTTEN
Chapter 454: FORGOTTEN
Sofia didn’t realize until she took a look at the intruder that the scent that filled this room didn’t belong to the Alpha. This was not Cane’s scent, but another warrior’s that she had never seen before. 
"Who are you?! What are you doing here?!" Sofia snapped at this red-haired guy. Her eyes widened in fear realizing that a man came into her bedroom in the middle of the night. 
She had been a mistress for years, thus she knew this kind of plot. There were so many mistresses who fell into this kind of trap and lost their lives the next morning once their man found out about it. As mistresses, they were replaceable. Most of the time, their men wouldn’t listen to their desperate attempts to explain themselves, that they were schemed against, because even before they could open their mouths, they would lose their heads. 
Therefore, to see this red-haired man in her room, she freaked out. 
"Get out of my room! Get out!" Sofia screamed, she put her hands over her belly, her instinct to protect her baby. After all, she would be a mother, the gesture came so naturally to her. If something happened to her, her baby wouldn’t stand a chance to survive either. "GET OUT!" 
Sofia screamed for him to leave before anyone saw him here, she didn’t want her name to be tarnished or for Cane to know about this. The Alpha just started to warm up to her. She couldn’t ruin this golden opportunity to win his heart. 
On the other hand, the man was too stunned to speak. It was none other than Redmond. Avid told him to go straight into the Luna’s bedroom because Alpha Cane had been waiting for him there. 
Thinking he would talk with Cane and Iris, he went there without a second thought. 
Because he had completely tuned out all the news from the pack house and spent his time at the entrance gates of the pack, he didn’t know Sofia had been occupying Iris’ bedroom. 
And so, Redmond felt like he was being ambushed when he saw this pregnant woman before his eyes, not to mention how beautiful she was in her red dress that showed off her body. 
Her bulging belly didn’t make her look weird. Strangely, Redmond found her way more attractive than those beautiful women that he had paid to fuck in the capital city or any pack that he visited when on their journey. 
Redmond didn’t really remember Sofia, until recently. He even forgot about the night they spent together, since he was more than willing to fuck any women who wanted to throw themselves at Cane, so Iris could keep her man for herself. 
Well, he was loyal in his own twisted way... 
But, actually looking at Sofia at this moment with the knowledge she was currently pregnant with their baby, Redmond felt something in his chest. He was at a loss for words and tried to discern what kind of weird feeling he felt right now when a flower vase came flying toward his head. 
Thankfully, he got good reflexes and caught it before this thing could do him any harm, but then more s flew in his direction, which made him snap from his daydream and growl at this woman, annoyed. 
"Stop it!" Redmond growled, which made Sofia whimper, she was afraid. 
"Get out of this room! Who sent you here?!" Without Jemma, Sofia was all alone. No one would support her and even though Maria was so good to her, she still couldn’t rely on that old woman. She also belonged to this pack and her loyalty, without doubt, would lie with her pack. She was devoted to her alpha, just like the rest of the pack members. 
"Where is the Alpha?!" Redmond snapped back. It irked him to find her so attractive when she was so annoying. 
So, this was Sofia, the woman, who made him a father? Someone who would give birth to his firstborn? A drooling creature, who knew nothing, but crying? 
Should he call this their first time meeting each other? 
Ugh! 
Redmond was not sure how he felt about it, but he really needed to make this woman stop screeching at him. 
"Why are you looking for the Alpha?!" Sofia snapped at him again, taking a few steps back, as if Redmond was going to attack her. "Who sent you to scheme against me?! Was it the Luna?!" 
It irked Redmond. "Oh, shut up, woman! The Alpha told me to come here!" 
However, hearing that, Sofia scoffed. "Do you think you can fool me with that lame trick? Get out of here or else I will scream that you are trying to rape me! I am carrying the Alpha’s first child!" 
Redmond was fuming mad when he heard that. That was his child she was carrying, not Cane’s! Why did she look so proud declaring such a thing? 
"Rape you?" Redmond snorted. "You willingly opened your legs for me that night, why should I rape you now?" 
Sofia frowned at that weird remark, but she didn’t think much of it, brushing it off as him only talking gibberish with her. "Get out!" 
"Fine, fine, fine!" Redmond rubbed his ears and then walked out of the room. Avid was no longer there, but he gave him a stern warning that he couldn’t leave without meeting the Alpha. It was the Alpha’s instruction. 
Redmond slammed the door shut behind him, annoyed, but he didn’t leave. Instead, he sat down next to the door, like a guard dog, guarding their master. 
After all, the instruction was clear that he couldn’t leave and now what he could do was wait for the Alpha to grace him with his presence so he could be done with it and then leave the pack house again. He didn’t want to see this woman. 
Even so, the image of her kept replaying in his mind. The silhouette of her body underneath that transparent fabric of her red dress and how her stomach bulged with a new life inside of her. 
Ugh! 
Redmond frowned deeply. 
============================== 
"Cane! What are you doing here?!" Ethan was surprised to see Cane walking in the hallway, while carrying Iris, who was wrapped comfortably inside a blanket. She was sleeping, but the Gamma could smell Cane’s scent all over her. 
Well, he didn’t need any explanation to know what they had been up to. He maintained respectful distance from them. 
"Haco had been crying because you left him alone in the dining hall," Ethan said. Of course, he exaggerated his words, there was no way that old sorcerer was crying right now, if anything, he had been seething and cursing Cane with every breath he took. 
"What did he say about Lady Cyan?" Cane asked. 
"He didn’t want to say anything and just demanded your presence. He will tell you directly. He refused to say anything else." 
Haco was being petty. He wanted to vent out his anger and make Cane come to him instead. 
"Fine. Tell him to check on Aria’s grave again." 
Ethan grimaced, he knew how much the old sorcerer hated to go to the Goffa mountain, where a lot of monsters lurked in the dark, while he was defenseless without any magic stones. 
"I think he will come running to you," Ethan mumbled under his breath. "Cane, I thought you would be in the Luna’s bedroom with Redmond. You called him over." 
From the looks of it, Cane had been with Iris somewhere else, having fun on their own. 
But, before Cane could answer that, right at the same time, they arrived at the Alpha’s bedroom and Redmond immediately stood up upon seeing the Alpha. 
It had been very stressful to wait for him for a full four hours! 
"What do you mean by this?!" Redmond immediately rushed toward Cane, but he slowed down his steps and lowered his tone when he saw the way the Alpha glared down at him. Only then he realized Iris was sleeping in his arms peacefully. 
This woman! She really could sleep anywhere! 
"Alpha, you dragged me to the pack house to meet you, and I have been waiting for hours!" Redmond lowered his voice, but he was still vexed by his current situation. 
For a moment, Cane didn’t say anything and only gestured for the two of them to open the door to his bedroom, so he could put Iris down and she could sleep more comfortably. 
Redmond opened the door for them and without any other choice, they too went inside the bedroom, waiting for Cane to tuck Iris in and make sure she was still sleeping. 
Well, Cane actually didn’t need to do that, since Iris was a heavy sleeper... 
On the other hand, Redmond was really impatient to see how carefully Cane treated Iris. It was not that he didn’t feel happy for Iris that Cane was being attentive to her, but he had an urgent business here and the Alpha was busy being all lovey dovey with his mate! 
Yet, none of them dared to interrupt their moment. 
"Alpha, why did you call me in the first place?" Redmond demanded an answer once Cane was done with Iris. 
On the other hand, Ethan narrowed his eyes. He didn’t think this was possible, but he blurted it out anyway. "Cane, did you forget about it?" 
"We will talk to her now," Cane said lightly, without answering his gamma’s question. 
However, both of them could see the Alpha indeed had forgotten about this matter. 
"I can’t believe it..." Redmond mumbled. 
"Yeah, so can’t I." 
For a rare moment, they both were on the same page.
###Chapter 455: THE BABY IS MINE
Chapter 455: THE BABY IS MINE
It was so early in the morning and the sun had not yet appeared on the horizon. The sky was still so dark when Cane and Redmond entered the Luna’s bedroom. The Gamma followed them inside as well, as he wanted to know what Cane was going to talk with Sofia. 
Redmond protested because he didn’t want this nosy gamma to learn about this and then taunt him, but he couldn’t complain when the Alpha didn’t have any ion when Ethan came with them as well. 
Inside the room, Sofia was sound asleep, seemingly her excitement couldn’t keep her awake for a whole night while it was already way too past her sleeping time. 
Her scent distracted Redmond’s mind, as it smelled so sweet for him, but he couldn’t help but inhale it deeply. He felt annoyed by his own reaction to her presence and the sight of her sleeping form on the bed was something that would be forever engraved in his mind. 
Sofia had her back to them, as her shoulders moved up and down rhythmically, as she breathed. The sight of her back made her look fragile 
"Wake her up," Cane said lightly. He stopped a few steps away from the bed and sat down on the furthest chair from the bed. 
"The Alpha asked you to wake her up," Ethan said, as he nudged Redmond’s shoulder, there was a smirk on the corners of his lips, which vexed the warrior. 
"Why should I? Why don’t you wake her up?!" Redmond growled. He wanted to scratch his face, until it bled. 
However, Ethan simply shrugged. "It’s not me who got her pregnant. That’s the mother of your baaabbyyy..." He said the last word in the most annoying tone, which set Redmond off. 
"Do you want to fight?!" Redmond barked, as he glared at the Gamma dangerously. "Come here! I will beat you up!" 
"Oh, you don’t have the strength for that!" Ethan glared back at him, as he stepped away from Redmond, just in case, he was serious with his threat, while the Alpha couldn’t care less about these two people, who were going to kill each other. 
The commotion from these two finally woke Sofia up and she screamed when she saw the two of them inside her room. 
"What are you doing here?!" Sofia shouted at the two of them, which essentially stopped them from going for each other’s throats. "Get out! Get out! Aargghh!" 
However, neither Redmond, nor Ethan moved from their positions, as they watched how Sofia screamed at the top of her lungs with emotionless expressions, as if they were waiting for her to stop and be calm enough to talk. 
Sofia only stopped screaming when she finally saw Cane. She looked mortified. "Al- alpha! I don’t know why the two of them are here! I didn’t do anything with them! I don’t know why they are here!" 
She looked so afraid fearing she would be accused of something she didn’t do. And maybe because she just woke up with a start, her mind wasn’t yet working properly, so she couldn’t tell Cane had been there watching everything and the three actually came together. 
"Al- alpha Cane, please believe me, I didn’t do anything with them! I just woke up!" Sofia looked panicked. She tried to get Cane to talk, but he only stared at her. He only spoke when she stopped rambling, not knowing what else to say to make the Alpha believe her. 
"I am only going to say this once, so listen carefully." Cane’s expression was devoid of any emotions, so Sofia couldn’t tell what he was going to say. "The baby in your stomach is not mine, it was not me who had sex with you that night." 
Sofia put her arms around her belly out of instinct, she looked very defensive. "Alpha! How can you say something like that!?" Sofia screeched, she fought back her tears, as her voice cracked. She looked so hurt hearing the accusation. "I have never had any intercourse after that night we spent together. I can assure you the baby is yours! The baby is definitely yours!" Sofia was adamant, she missed the other detail of what Cane said. 
"How can you prove the baby is mine?" Cane looked unsympathetic, as he asked Sofia callously. 
"You are from the royal bloodline, when the baby is born, the baby will have golden eyes just like the members of the royal family," Sofia said. Alpha Gallot had told her about it. 
Though it was not a secret, such knowledge was not something that Sofia had ever heard beforehand, so Alpha Gallot had prepared her for the answer. 
"The baby will not have golden eyes," Cane stated. 
"Alpha, you can’t ditch me and our child just like that! How can you throw me away and your firstborn without feeling any guilty?!" Sofia’s voice was trembling, she looked very hurt by what Cane said, but Redmond was annoyed because Sofia kept insisting on not to listen. And somehow, Sofia’s statement that the baby being Cane’s irked him. 
Meanwhile, Cane didn’t say anything, he only stared at Redmond, as if telling him to fix this. 
Redmond had a headache. "The baby is mine, you dimwit!" He snarled. "I was the one who fucked you that night! Can’t you remember my scent?!" 
Sofia gasped loudly and screeched, which made Redmond and Ethan grimace, because it hurt their ears. 
"Stop screaming! Can’t you talk normally?" Ethan groaned, he rubbed his ears. 
"You are a liar!" Sofia directed her eyes at Cane and cried pitifully. "Alpha! How can you set me up like this and refuse to acknowledge your own child?" Sofia sobbed so hard, her words were barely coherent. 
"Shut up," Cane said sternly. His voice demanded attention, as dominance rolled off his tone, which made Sofia immediately stop crying and try so hard not to make a sound, she was scared. 
If it was his mate, he would have all the patience in the world to wait for her to stop crying on her own, but the Alpha didn’t have the same compassion for someone else. 
"I know what kind of scheme Alpha Gallot is trying to brew." Cane stood up from the chair and approached the bed. "I told you, the baby is not mine and you know what the punishment is for deceiving a member of the royal family, especially about their heir?" 
Sofia could feel fear crawl on her skin and she was having a hard time breathing when Cane stared down at her intensely. This was not what she imagined would happen when the Alpha finally agreed to grace her with his presence. This was not the news that she wanted to hear. Was that even true? The baby was not his? 
The baby belonged to this red haired warrior? Sofia was having a hard time comprehending the fact. 
"There is no way the baby is not yours..." Sofia could feel the baby moving in her stomach. She always believed the baby she was carrying was Cane’s and she finally could get her happy ending with the Alpha. She followed every story about him, how he led the royal warriors to find the lycan, or the news about him helping the children in the orphanage, in the capital city, with Prince Kellan. 
Cane probably was not really aware about how many people’s hearts he had won. His good name spread so far and wide. People would use him as an example for a good leader, while the woman would gush over the fact he didn’t have any mistresses and how well he treated his luna. 
Even more when he chased after the lycan to save his mate. Without even waiting for any back up, he looked for his mate alone. 
Fighting the lycan by himself to get back his mate was, by any means, a suicidal attempt, but the Alpha didn’t care about that. He still went to rescue his luna. 
He didn’t know how many women would kill to get such attention from their mate. He did something that no alpha had ever done, he went to extra lengths for his soulmate. 
And Sofia couldn’t be more proud of him when she heard how Cane distributed food for the members of the five packs, the food that their alphas had amassed during winter, which caused a lot of deaths. 
Sofia flaunted to the people in the Riverside pack how she was carrying the Alpha’s child, that very alpha, who people talked about. 
The Alpha only had his eyes for his luna, that was what people said, but then with this baby, she would be the only mistress for him, right? 
Sofia painted a beautiful image of her future in her head. 
But now, Cane said this baby was not his? She refused to believe that! 
"No, Alpha... don’t do this to me and our child..." Sofia whimpered softly, she bit her lip to stop herself from crying, her heart ached so badly when she saw there was no warmth in the way Alpha Cane looked at her. "Please, don’t abandon me and the child." 
"Listen carefully." Cane didn’t seem to care about her tears. He looked so callous and calculative at this moment. "You can work for me and I can keep you alive, or you can continue to work for Alpha Gallot and I will make sure your death will be near. Once the baby is born and it has no golden eyes, you will be hanged even before the baby is bathed."
###Chapter 456: HE TOOK CARE OF THEM
Chapter 456: HE TOOK CARE OF THEM
There was no hesitation in the Alpha’s tone when he talked about how he would kill Sofia right off the bat when they learned the baby had no golden eyes. Probably, she would be dragged out of the bed, still bleeding and would be hanged in a precarious state. 
Sofia started visibly trembling when she heard such cruel words from Cane. 
Some people tended to forget what kind of hell this alpha had survived. Just because he was being so affectionate with his mate, it didn’t mean, he would treat all the people the same. Absolutely not. And Sofia was one of the few who forgot about that fact, especially after hearing how all the mistresses and women around her gushed over their dreams to become Alpha Cane’s mistress one day. 
Even Ethan was being reminded again of how calculative and callous Cane could be when it came to his plans. He wouldn’t hesitate to kill and make an extreme decision in order to get what he wanted. 
Incidents with Prince Vemion and the five alphas were the latest examples and they absolutely wouldn’t be the last. 
Just because he had been affectionate with Iris and looked more approachable whenever he was with her, it didn’t mean such tender actions would erode his cruel side. 
"No. I don’t believe you, the baby is yours," Sofia mumbled to herself, as she shook her head. She kept caressing her stomach, her bad mood agitated the baby too and you could see its movements from inside through her transparent night gown. Her hair cascaded down her shoulders, while she hugged herself. She looked so pitiful. 
The sight of Sofia gave mixed feelings to Redmond, he frowned deeply and his jaw tightened. It was not his place to talk about the matter, but he felt like his heart was being stabbed to see how distraught Sofia was. He could see the movement of the baby too and this didn’t make him feel right. 
Meanwhile, Ethan could sympathize with Sofia’s current situation and imagine how the statement from the Alpha shattered all her dreams. She was only a tool that Alpha Gallot wanted to use and get to Cane. Sofia didn’t have a say in this matter and if you put all the plots and schemes aside, her wish to be with the father of her child was innocent. She didn’t have any ill intention, aside from letting Alpha Gallot use her. 
However, it was not enough to make him talk on her behalf. In this cruel world, where the powerful ones wouldn’t even blink an eye to beat you down, you need to play the same game as them. It would be so stupid of you if you thought you could win this game with kindness. You must be living in a different world if you thought things could work that way. 
This was a critical moment. Sofia needed to choose not only for her own life, but also for the baby in her stomach. 
"No... no way... the baby is yours..." Sofia lowered her head, she sobbed pitifully, her whole body was trembling when reality hit her so hard. "The baby is yours, Alpha... I have never slept with anyone else after that night..." She felt so alone. 
Sofia raised her head and looked at Cane, hoping to see some kind of mercy. She hoped to be able to see that he was lying to her, but aside from a cold gaze, she got nothing else. 
The baby was not his... 
There was no way the baby was not his... 
"Can you stop begging him to say the baby is his?" Redmond said in an angry tone. "I was the one who was with you that night. Why do you think you were blindfolded and drugged?" He clicked his tongue, he didn’t even pretend to hide his annoyance with this situation anymore. "His mate was right there. Did you really think he would let her watch how he fucked you, while she was standing on the side? You are fooling yourself if you think the Alpha would have done that after you saw how affectionate, loving, caring, tentative, protective and devoted he has been with his mate." 
Ethan frowned at Redmond when he heard that. He didn’t think the last detail was necessary. Cane also gave him a dirty look. 
However, the warrior was so riled up to scold Sofia harshly. "The baby is mine and you are going to kill yourself if you insist on saying otherwise." 
After all, the Alpha had told her that she would be hanged once the baby was pushed out of her body without the golden eyes. So, there was no point in him sugarcoating his words, since he knew Cane would go through with what he said. 
"I will give you three days to think about it." After saying that, Cane didn’t waste his time and breathe anymore, as he walked out of the room to go to the room next to them, where his mate was still sleeping peacefully.
Once Cane went out of the room, Sofia cried so hard, she curled her body, while hugging her stomach. She was in so much pain, the revelation shattered all the beautiful dreams in her mind. The very dreams of a family she could have and the life she always wished for. 
In the end, there was no god to answer her prayers. She felt so devastated after the daydream she had got destroyed and now she came crashing down with reality. 
"Do you want to stay?" Ethan asked when he saw that Redmond didn’t move to leave the room. He thought it would be good to leave this woman alone, because it was impossible to talk with her right now. She was still in so much shock. It would take hours if it was not days for her to recover. There was no point in being here. 
However, Redmond didn’t seem like he was going to leave, he didn’t budge. 
"I will be here for a while," Redmond said, but it sounded like he was grumbling. He thought Ethan would taunt him for his decision, but to his surprise, the Gamma only shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly and walked away, leaving him alone with Sofia, who was crying, curling her body with her back to him. 
The Gamma was considerate enough not to say anything about his situation with Sofia right now and it was rich coming from him, who sometimes didn’t think twice when he spoke. 
In the end, Redmond stayed there for a whole day and night, he even brought food for her to eat, though he kept talking to her harshly and telling her to stop crying, because the sound of it was annoying, but he stayed there and didn’t go anywhere. 
"I care for the baby, not you." 
That was what Redmond said to Sofia and to himself, though a day before, he didn’t even want to recognize the baby as his own. He refused to be a father, but right now, he practically took care of the baby and its mother. 
Meanwhile, inside the room next to this, Iris was sleeping soundly. Her slightly parted lips invited Cane to have a quick taste of her before he had to face the King. He would have breakfast with them and after that, he needed to find that damned sorcerer, who refused to say anything about what happened last night. 
He would be busy and probably wouldn’t be able to return to have lunch with her. 
Cane snuggled on the bed closer to his mate, as he held her quietly. And as if she knew who was with her, subconsciously, Iris nuzzled her head against Cane’s chest, as she continued sleeping. She even snored softly, feeling content. 
However, when Iris finally woke up, she found herself alone. Cane was long gone. This room looked so big without him here. 
Iris rubbed her sleepy eyes and yawned. Her body felt uncomfortable. She stared at the ceiling for a while, as she gathered her thoughts and sighed deeply. 
"I think I missed breakfast with the King," Iris talked to herself. Cane would have woken her up if it was very important for her to be there, but the fact he let her sleep throughout the morning, until afternoon, only meant he got everything under his control. 
In that case, Iris decided to go see Hanna. It was lunch time and she wanted to have lunch with her. After all, the last time she went there, Hanna was sleeping and they didn’t have a chance to have a conversation. 
However, before that, a thought flashed in Iris’ mind, as she immediately sat down and looked around the room. 
"Where is that thing?" Iris frowned, trying to remember. And when she got off the bed, she wobbled and held the bed pole for support because her legs almost gave away. "Ugh! Why do I feel so weak?" She grumbled to herself. 
She tried to remember where she put those two bottles that Lu showed to her, the ones he got from Grace. He said Cane had ordered something for her... she blushed at that thought. Didn’t she look so eager at this point to do the deed with Cane? She pulled at her hair anxiously, feeling so embarrassed by how dirty her mind was. 
But then, it didn’t stop her from searching for those bottles. 
"I am sure, those bottles are here... I kept them here..." Iris talked to herself. She rummaged through the drawers next to the bed, where she remembered putting those two bottles. 
However, when she was in the middle of her hunt, she felt someone behind her and when she turned her head, she could see Cane’s face so close to her. 
"What are you doing?" Cane asked, kissing her shoulder.
###Chapter 457: LADY CYAN’S DEMAND
Chapter 457: LADY CYAN’S DEMAND
Cane was so pissed with Haco because the old sorcerer refused to divulge what happened last night between him and Lady Cyan. He couldn’t go see Haco by himself because the King demanded his presence all this morning and he couldn’t leave like he wanted to. 
And then, the King even commanded him to bring Iris with them for a hunt in the Goffa mountain. They wouldn’t go too deep into the mountains, as they would only hunt for a few white foxes in the outer perimeter, as Lady Cyan really wanted to have their fur. 
She heard about the last hunt Cane took the King and wanted the white foxes too, she wanted to make a cloak for the upcoming winter. 
However, the woman was being irrational with her request because white fox was a rare creature. To think she wanted a cloak made out of their fur, it meant they needed to find at least a dozen of them. The King knew how rare the creature was, but because his mistress demanded it, the senseless king didn’t hesitate to go along with her request. 
And since Lady Cyan wanted to go to the mountain, Iris needed to go as well, as she was the Lady of the house. 
Cane kept his cool, but he was boiling inside. Most of his anger was directed toward Haco, who was being so petty by not telling him what went down last night and right now, the old sorcerer was not in the pack house, he was at the orphanage. 
Cane had sent someone to drag his ass back. He needed to know what went down last night. 
However, when he came to his bedroom to find Iris wanting to wake her up, he saw she had been up and looking for something, while mumbling to herself. 
Her hair was a mess and her curls looked bigger than usual whenever she just woke up. From behind, it made it look like her curls covered almost her whole body. 
Somehow, his annoyance toward Haco evaporated into thin air, as he had this smile on the corners of his lips when he approached Iris and squatted down behind her. 
She still didn’t realize his presence, as she kept searching in the drawer, until Cane brushed her hair aside and kissed her shoulder. Iris jolted out of surprise. 
"C- Cane? What are you doing here?" Iris asked, her face turned so red, as if she had been caught stealing something. 
"What are you looking for?" Cane asked, he then pecked the tip of her nose. 
"I am not looking for anything," Iris was flustered, she backed away from him, trying to get away from her mate. "I- I just want to take a bath." 
After saying that, she immediately rushed toward the bathroom. She didn’t think Cane would come back at this time and actually catch her red handed and this made her really embarrassed. She prayed he wouldn’t know what she had been looking for. 
Her dirty mind was so embarrassing. 
Iris ran the water and filled the tub. She didn’t know why Cane was here, but she didn’t want to face him right now. 
Yet, when she was about to take off her dress, she sensed his presence and immediately turned around. Iris really wanted to kick herself for not locking the door behind her, but then she remembered the door didn’t have any lock. 
Iris stared at Cane, mortified when he raised his hand and showed her what she had been looking for. 
"Are you looking for these?" Cane asked innocently, as he approached his mate who had turned almost like a statue. He waved the two bottles in front of her face.
"No." Iris gritted her teeth while forcing that single word out, but then Cane bit her lip briefly before he looked at her again. 
"I can taste your lie, Iris." 
Iris swallowed so hard, she fiddled with her fingers and lowered her head, but then Cane put his finger under her chin to lift her head back up. 
"Don’t you want to tell me, what is in your mind?" Cane asked, his voice was gentle, as he could see how bashful his woman was. "Or, do you want me to tell you what these two bottles are?" 
Iris pulled her hair in distress, as she mumbled. "The second." Though she was in a predicament, her curiosity still got the best of her. 
Hearing that, Cane chuckled. He slightly bent his tall body, so he could be on the same eye level with her. "Had not Lu told you about this? I think you already know what these two bottles are, why don’t you tell me why you are looking for them?" 
Iris was so familiar with the way Cane twisted his words and how he guided the situation to his favor, thus she glared at him, still blushing and stuttering. "I- I want to know... I was looking for the bottles because I thought I lost them. Lu only... he didn’t really explain anything." Iris gripped her dress as she talked a little bit firmly. "If you don’t want to tell me, then you don’t need to." 
By the end of her declaration, Iris started panting. She felt so tired, as if she had been running for her life, but Cane laughed and hugged her, nuzzling the crook of her neck, which made Iris feel even more flustered. 
"You are so adorable," Cane said, as he wrapped his arms around her body and stared at her deeply. 
"I am annoyed." 
"You are annoyed and adorable." Cane kissed the tip of her nose and this made Iris narrow her eyes. 
She could feel it, Cane was being even more affectionate with her ever since he got control of his body back from Lu. Was it really him? "Cane, is that you?" 
"It’s me, Iris." Cane cupped her face and she could feel how warm his palms were. "I want to take you to the Howling Wolf pack’s tomb again and show you a place."
###Chapter 458: THEY WERE LATE
Chapter 458: THEY WERE LATE
"Where? What place?" Iris didn’t mind going and visiting the pack tomb again. She had expected Cane to go to that place again, but it was a pleasant surprise for Iris that Cane wanted to take her with him. And, he wanted to take her somewhere else after that? 
"We will go after we entertain the King and Lady Cyan, probably it will be very late tonight, is that okay with you?" Cane caressed her cheek and smoothened her curls. Her skin and hair felt so soft and he liked the feeling. 
"Absolutely," Iris replied, too eager and then cleared her throat to mumble. "Sure." She wouldn’t fall asleep tonight, no matter how tired she was. The excitement that Cane would take her somewhere would keep her awake. 
"Now we need to go hunting in the mountains." As much as he didn’t want to get Iris involved, he couldn’t disobey the King’s demand outrightly, though behind that demand, it was Lady Cyan, who was pulling the strings. 
That woman knew how to use her status and authority of the King to get what she wanted, but Cane was still trying to figure out what she wanted to do in the mountains. 
It was not public knowledge that she was a witch. 
Cane explained the situation to Iris, so she could prepare herself. "If you feel something is off, just say you are not feeling well and want to return to the pack house, understand?" Cane was very serious. The mischief in his eyes disappeared. 
"Okay," Iris said obediently, nodding her head in understanding. She understood the situation with Lady Cyan and she didn’t wish to add more stress to Cane’s plate by making him worry about her. 
"Good, now you need to take a bath." Cane slid his hand down from her face to her neck and was about to help Iris get undressed when she caught his hands. 
"I- I will do it myself, you can wait outside." Iris could see how Cane’s eyes slightly darkened. It made the butterflies in her stomach flutter their wings. To know how much your mate desired you was something that every woman wanted. 
However, if they kept going like this, Iris didn’t think she would make it to the hunting part before she made an excuse that she was sick. 
"Are you sure you don’t need my help?" Cane asked, but he didn’t insist. If even Iris could read the situation, more so Cane. 
His ’help’ wouldn’t be anything innocent after all. 
"Yes, you can wait outside, I will come out quickly." 
Cane nodded, but before he left, he took out the bottles from his pocket and gave one to Iris. It was the bottle with blue liquid in it. 
"Drink this." Cane put it in her hand. "This will nourish your body. Grace made some of it, you need to drink this once a day." 
Iris bit her lip, the bottle felt warm in her hand, probably because of Cane’s body heat. "Okay." 
And after that, Cane left her alone in the bathroom, while Iris took a quick bath and drank the medicine. It tasted sweet, and had a minty aftertaste. She quite liked it. It warmed her body after she drank it. 
When she came out, she could see the lunch prepared for her. Because they had their lunch in the dining hall, while Iris just woke up, the Alpha ordered some for her, he wouldn’t let her go hunting without eating anything. 
"The King will wait for long." 
"Let him wait." 
Cane was being petty here. He couldn’t reject the King’s demand, but he could make things not as smooth as he wanted. 
By the time Iris was done eating and they could leave to the hunting grounds, they were late for an hour and the King’s expression was very unpleasant, but Cane kept a straight face when the King reprimanded him. 
"My apologies, my kind king." That was all Cane said when the King told him off for how he and the rest had been waiting under the scorching sunlight. 
Once again, Iris adored her mate, how callous he could be whenever he wanted. All the sarcasm from the King didn’t even bother him. 
For this hunt, not only the King, even Alpha Dristan, Sir Elijah and Oliver came as well, but Jace and Ethan were nowhere to be found. 
"Where are Jace and Ethan?" Iris asked, because she couldn’t find either of them. She thought, at least, one of them would tag along. The only familiar face that she could see was Avid’s, while the rest, she met a handful of times, but she was not really close to them. 
"They will not be here, Oliver will be with us," Cane explained. 
With Aderan still in the capital city and Will out of the picture, Cane didn’t have his personal warriors with him and it seemed, the two of them would step up in their place for the meantime. 
Cane then nudged for her to look at her left side, where she could see Eron and Dyne. The two of them went with her to the capital city and were taught by her how to read and write. Iris was glad to see both of them and Cane knew that. 
"You will see them often. They will formally be assigned as your personal guards, once everything calms down a little bit," Cane said. 
Currently, the two of them were sitting on the same horse, while the King and lady Cyan rode their own horses, ahead of them. 
The entourage was so magnificent, the King brought more than half of his royal warriors and at this point, Iris was pessimistic they would find anything, aside a vicious monster, as the other animals or even smaller monsters wouldn’t dare to come closer to them. This was ridiculous. 
"Good afternoon, Luna Iris." Alpha Dristan rode next to them with his new mistress on his lap, riding with him. "Is this your first time going hunting?"
###Chapter 459: A TRAP
Chapter 459: A TRAP
Alpha Dristan greeted Iris politely. He looked like he was in a good mood, while the woman that was riding with him lowered her head. She looked so young, probably no more than eighteen or seventeen years old, while Alpha Dristan was twice her age. 
"Is this your first time going hunting?" Alpha Dristan rode his horse so close to Cane and Iris’ horse, as he nodded politely at the Alpha to acknowledge him. 
"Yes," Iris replied with a small smile, but her mind was on the young woman. She looked so skinny and pale. She must be one of the hundreds of people that had been starved by Alpha Gill, but even after the Alpha had died, she needed to deal with another alpha. 
"Don’t be scared, a lot of warriors had come with us, nothing would go wrong in the mountains," Alpha Dristan reassured Iris. 
But that was not the reassurance that she needed. Iris blinked her eyes and spoke innocently. "I am not afraid. I am with my mate and Cane knows this mountain like the back of his hand. It’s great the royal warriors are here, so no one will get lost and bother my mate." 
Iris didn’t mean to sound so sarcastic when she spoke, but when she saw the young woman, she felt so vexed. Whatever that happened between Alpha Dristan and her, it must be something dreadful for her, because it was written all over her face. 
Iris hated it. 
On the other hand, Alpha Dristan was slightly taken aback hearing how fierce her answer was, because he didn’t expect such a harsh comeback from her, but he masked it well and before he could continue bothering her, Cane had taken over the conversation. 
"Where are your people?" Cane asked. He could only see the royal warriors, while none of the warriors from the Red Claw pack could be seen nearby. 
"I only brought two with me," Alpha Dristan replied, nodding to the two personal guards of his riding behind him. 
Cane narrowed his eyes. Something was not right about this. The amount of the royal warriors was not right. It almost felt like they were hunting a horde of monsters, instead of a few foxes. 
"You left them behind?" Cane himself brought around ten people with him, which was not a significant number, but enough for this hunt. 
"Yes." Alpha Dristan nodded, but when he saw Cane’s expression, his face turned serious as well. "Is there something wrong?" He looked around him and then lowered his voice even more. "The amount of the royal warriors..." 
Cane said nothing and let this alpha think on his own about their current situation. 
"Do you think the King is up to something?" Alpha Dristan finally came to his senses when he noticed they were indeed being surrounded by the royal warriors. In the beginning, he thought it was for their protection, since they would go hunting with the King and Lady Cyan, but wasn’t the amount too much? 
However, Cane didn’t think this was the King’s doing. He was sure this was Lady Cyan’s doing. Before, Cane was still having some doubts about how much influence that mistress had, but right now, he could see she was literally the mastermind behind every critical decision that the King made, while keeping a low profile herself. 
What leverage did she have to be able to control a king? As far as Cane learned, Lady Cyan’s background was not as fantastic as Queen Della’s. That was why she was not the Queen, even though the King favored her. 
But even so, after Lady Cyan, the King kept getting more and more mistresses, yet, at the same time, he insisted for Alan to be the next in line for the throne, no matter how stupid that man was and how strong the ion from the people in his court had been.
There were a lot of holes in this logic. 
And right now, it was too late to make an excuse to leave, as they were too deep into the mountains and the shades of the trees covered them from the sunlight. 
"Alpha Cane?" Alpha Dristan called for him, but Cane beckoned Avid instead, he talked to his warrior in a very low voice, none of them could hear the conversation. "What is it?" Alpha Dristan asked again when Cane had finished talking briefly to his warrior, after which he left in a hurry. 
"You better prepare yourself for the worst," Cane said coldly. "Send word to your people." 
"What?" Alpha Dristan furrowed his brows, but just like what he said before, they were indeed being surrounded by the royal warriors, thus they couldn’t converse freely. 
Gritting his teeth, he beckoned one of his warriors, and said something to him in a low voice, after which, the warrior also left the group. 
"Cane?" Iris lifted her head and looked at her mate with a frown. 
"Hm?" Cane kissed her head, as if to reassure her that she would be alright. "If something went wrong, leave with Dyne and Eron, understand?" 
Cane didn’t know the amount of royal warriors that would go hunting with them beforehand, as they assembled at the last second, even his people were taken aback when they saw the royal warriors kept coming and joining the group. 
The only advantage in their current situation was; just like what Iris said, Cane knew this mountain like the back of his hand, so did his people, since Alpha Gerald used to force them to roam around this mountain for days just to see who would survive in the end. 
However, Iris ignored Cane’s instructions and asked him instead. "Are you sure this is the right path to find the white foxes?" 
"I don’t think we can even find them." White fox was a sensitive creature, they needed to hunt them covertly. 
"Cane, I don’t think we are heading to where the white fox is..." Iris furrowed her brows. "We are going in the direction where there are a lot of black magic stones."
###Chapter 460: A TRAP (2)
Chapter 460: A TRAP (2)
Iris could feel a lot of black magic stones once they entered the mountain area, the deeper they went inside, the stronger the feeling was. It was almost suffocating. 
At first, she thought Haco did something, since he spent some time in the mountain, though Iris was not sure what he was doing here, but then the amount of the black magic stones was too much. There was no way Cane would give access to that many magic stones to that sorcerer. 
"How many?" Cane asked, his voice was stern, but his expression was devoid of any emotions. 
Meanwhile, the King and Lady Cyan rode ahead of them, they were talking to each other, as the King complained about a lot of things and the mistress listened to all that rubbish. 
"Thirty... forty... I am not sure." Iris furrowed her brows deeply, feeling a little bit agitated with this ominous feeling.
Cane nodded, but he didn’t say anything. He fell quiet, something that he would resort to whenever he was deep in thought, even the air around him became so reserved. 
"How strong are the black magic stones? Can you tell?" If they were really black magic stones, Iris should be able to handle them, as long as they were not very deadly, like the ones Haco had created the last time. 
"I am not sure..." Iris replied honestly, aside from those magic stones that Haco had created for her to practice on, she had never touched a black magic stone created by any other sorcerers. She didn’t even know how many she could handle. 
Iris took a mental note to ask Haco to teach her more about the power she had. She didn’t have time to ask about that because the sorcerer had been pretty busy nowadays and so was she, especially with the matter of the members of this pack and the lycan. Those things drained her energy. 
"I don’t think those stones are that deadly, but there are so many of them..." Iris explained, she could only say that much using her own ability. 
"Okay." Cane nodded and became very silent again. 
Meanwhile, Alpha Dristan frowned at the conversation between them. He couldn’t hear anything, as the two of them spoke in particularly low voices, they were literally reading each other’s lips, something that he couldn’t pick up. 
This large group went deeper into the forest and Iris was right when she said they were going straight to where she could feel those black magic stones. 
"My King, why don’t we take a rest for a while here?" Cane suggested when they crossed a brook. They were in a clearing, where there were not many trees. 
The King stopped his horse and then gave his attention to Cane, after ignoring him the whole time because of his tardiness. 
This didn’t feel like going on a hunt, but simply taking a leisurely walk inside the mountains, since the King and his people didn’t seem to be interested in looking for the white foxes. 
"What? Don’t tell me you are tired already, you have come so late and now you want to rest?" King Aeon narrowed his eyes dangerously, but it barely affected Cane, as he replied. 
"My mate has a weak body, if something happened to her during our journey, I will need to go back with her." 
"Ask one of your men to take her away if she can’t handle it!" The King barked, but it was Lady Cyan, who spoke to calm the situation down. 
"Why don’t we take a rest for a while, My King? Luna Iris looks unwell, if something really happens to her, Alpha Cane will be distraught." Lady Cyan smiled to calm the King. 
So, it was Iris. 
Cane intentionally threw Iris being sick as his excuse to test the waters and now, he could tell that Lady Cyan’s target was his mate. What was she up to? Did she want to know whether or not Iris could sense the black magic stones like she did back then when she found the black magic stones in Princess Osana’s quarters? 
If it was him who she wanted, this mistress wouldn’t have stopped the King from sending Iris away, but the fact she agreed to stop for a break in order to make Iris come with them, she most likely wanted to lure his mate to those black magic stones. 
What was her intention? Iris’ power? What did she want to do with that? 
"Did you bring it with you?" Cane asked Iris when he helped her to get off the horse, as the King begrudgingly granted them a break of ten minutes. 
"Yes." Iris patted her pocket, where she could feel her lizard squirm inside. 
It was not a wise choice, but Cane needed all the reassurance to keep his mate protected, more so, this little creature was docile enough once you fed it. 
"And the other?" Cane asked and Iris patted her left hip, where her silver dagger rested. "Good job," Cane said, leaning over to kiss her lips before he pulled Iris to sit on a big rock. 
But, they barely had time for themselves when Alpha Dristan came with his new mistress, looking all distressed. "I have sent someone to ask for help, but I am not sure if he managed to get out of this mountain, there are a lot of royal warriors, who could stop him on the way." 
Cane was aware of that, but he was sure, Avid could find a way, he was familiar with the terrain in the mountain. Meanwhile, Eron and Dyne hovered close to them, ready to take Iris away if things went south. 
"But, the last mindlink I received from my warrior is suspicious. , he said, he saw your men marching toward the mountain, did you manage to call them? Did you know this beforehand?" 
"My people?" Cane frowned, his expression became rigid. Something was completely wrong. It was too quick for Avid to get out of the mountain and charge back with the Howling Wolf pack’s warriors.
###Chapter 461: A TRAP (3)
Chapter 461: A TRAP (3)
Cane realized something was completely wrong the moment he heard his people were currently marching to the mountain not so long after Avid left. 
"Who is leading them here?" Cane asked. He stared at Alpha Dristan, the aura around him changed all of a sudden, even Iris could feel the tension in the air and how suffocating the atmosphere was. 
"I don’t know," Alpha Dristan said. He was stunned to see Cane right now, as if it finally hit him so hard. They had walked straight into a trap and at this moment, they put themselves into a dangerous situation. He shouldn’t have brought only two warriors with him. 
He should have sensed that something was fishy when he saw how the royal warriors kept coming to join the hunt. 
"I don’t know, the communication was cut off. That’s the last news I got. I think my warrior is too far for the mindlink to work," Alpha Dristan said, looking distressed. After all, he had only one warrior left with him, while Cane had nine. Even so, their numbers were ridiculously insignificant compared to the royal warriors that were now surrounding them. 
"Or, he has been killed," Cane said in a callous tone, almost certain that was what happened. 
Alpha Dristan’s jaw hardened when he heard that. He pushed aside his new mistress, as her presence didn’t help with the situation. "Do you have a plan to get out of this place?" He glanced at Iris. "You know this place so well, right? If things go out of hand, you must know how to get out of this mountain safely, right?" 
This was the King that they were talking about, if the King decided to kill them right there and then, there was no way someone would be able to retaliate, without their alphas, the two packs would most likely fall into the King’s hands. 
Not to mention the two of them were the Alphas of the only packs that had mines. Something that the King had been salivating to swallow. 
This was a bad idea, Cane should have been more careful and mindful, but he had been reckless and a little bit distracted recently. 
This was the reason why he couldn’t slack off, something slipped off his mind and he missed to see the signs, now it was their lives that were at stake. 
He had been careless and did not think this matter carefully, and Lady Cyan took the advantage when he failed to see her plot. 
Were those people the warriors the royal warriors managed to provoke successfully? But, Cane had faith in his people’s loyalty. Did he think of them too highly? 
But, it had been just a day since it started, it was impossible to turn anyone this hostile with only a few words. 
What was actually happening? 
"Control your expression," Cane said curtly, before he turned around and walked away to talk with the nine warriors, who came with him. 
If there was a possibility of Alpha Dristan’s man being killed, the same fate could befall Avid as well. He could be killed without being able to reach the pack house and warn someone of what happened here. 
"Make a fire," Cane said to Dyne. The other warriors could sense the tension and noticed something was wrong with this whole situation. 
They tried to ignore the few whispers from the royal warriors that kept provoking them even at a moment like this. They did it very subtly, so Cane didn’t know about that, since they rode with the other warriors behind him. 
"But, it’s still afterno... yes, Alpha." Dyne immediately shut up when he saw Cane’s expression and did what he was told without asking anymore questions. 
"What are you going to do?" Iris asked, but her eyes widened when she saw Cane cutting a lock of her curl. It was only a few strands of her hair, which wouldn’t make any difference for her, but... "What are you doing?" 
Cane was too focused on what he was going to do, thus he didn’t answer her question and reached out to get the lizard from her pocket. 
He grabbed the creature and tied Iris’ hair to its tail with a piece of cloth. He then fished a piece of meat from his pocket and put it in front of the lizard, but before the creature could eat it, the Alpha already tossed it to the fire. 
Everything happened so fast, even the warriors around him couldn’t grasp what actually happened a moment ago when the lizard disappeared into the flames and Cane stomped his feet on the fire to put it off. 
"Alpha, did you kill the lizard?" Eron asked, he squatted down, but he couldn’t see the remains of the lizard. 
Yet, instead of an explanation, Cane told them to prepare themselves. 
Probably, it was only Iris who understood what Cane had just done with the lizard, but she was not sure where the lizard would appear and who would find it. 
And before long, ten minutes was up, they were ready to leave, but before that, the king asked Cane and Alpha Dristan to ride beside him, while lady Cyan rode behind them with Iris. 
Eron shifted into his beast and gave up his horse for Iris, since she had to ride by herself. 
"Dyne, can you ride with her?" Iris asked, nodding at Alpha Dristan’s new mistress. It seemed, the Alpha didn’t care much about her since his mind was now occupied with something more important. He actually let his mistress walk. 
Dyne nodded obediently and came closer to the young woman. "Come with me, my luna asked for you to ride with me." 
Dyne was glad Iris asked him, because he didn’t have a heart to see this young woman run behind them all day after Alpha Dristan abandoned her, especially when she looked like she was about to pass out seeing how pale her face was. 
He knew how kind his luna was, but it still surprised him time and again witnessing how compassionate she could be.
###Chapter 462: A TRAP (4)
Chapter 462: A TRAP (4)
Dyne couldn’t understand why most of the people in the pack couldn’t see Iris for who she was, but then he realized, he saw the Luna in a new light only after he spent a lot of time with her when they went to the capital city, while the rest of the pack members didn’t have the same opportunity, thus the image of Iris as Gerald’s daughter still etched so deeply in their minds. 
"Here, drink this," Dyne said, as he gave her his waterskin. Her lips were chapped. Her eyes lit up at the sight of water, but she still looked hesitant, until Dyne got off from his horse and handed it to her. "Drink." 
Without a second thought, she drank all the water inside and looked at him sheepishly when she gave back the empty waterskin. 
"Sorry," she said in a small voice. "I finished the water." 
"It’s okay." They would come across another brook later and could get more water. "Alpha Dristan didn’t let you drink?" 
The woman lowered her head. "He is upset." 
It was a common practice, whenever your master was angry, they would vent it out on someone and this woman was the best victim. Alpha Dristan didn’t have any reason to not give her water, he only wanted to see her suffering. 
Dyne was very familiar with that practice. 
"Come, ride with me." 
The young woman shook her head. "The Alpha didn’t allow me, he told me to run." 
Dyne frowned. "A moment." He then went to Iris, who was talking with Lady Cyan. He could see how uncomfortable she was. "Luna," Dyne called Iris and told her what happened. 
"Tell her, It’s okay, Alpha Cane will talk to Alpha Dristan." It Was an insignificant matter when their lives were in danger. Alpha Dristan wouldn’t make a fuss over this trivial thing when he had to rely on Cane heavily in this situation. 
"Okay ," Dyne said joyfully, as he went back to the young woman and convinced her to ride with him. In the end, she relented and got on the horse with him. 
Meanwhile, Lady Cyan made small talk with Iris, where one could see how she was dancing around the actual topic. 
"Can you feel it? The weather is good, right?" Lady Cyan asked with her cheerful voice, but Iris caught her meaningful glance and knew exactly what she referred to. 
"Yes, the weather is good," Iris replied monotonously. She then glanced at her mate and saw how Cane, the King and Alpha Dristan conversed about something. She couldn’t read what they were saying, as she rode behind them. 
"Do you think we can catch a beast before the sun sets?" 
"I thought we were here hunting for white foxes." Iris could feel strong discomfort in her chest as they rode closer to the black magic stones. 
"Oh, right..." Lady Cyan lamented. "Alpha Cane gave a bloody fox to the King when the King visited for the first time after his slavery ended. Do you know what the meaning of the white fox is?" 
Iris knew what it meant, but she didn’t know which direction Lady Cyan wanted to lead this conversation in. "No. What is the meaning of it?" 
Lady Cyan tilted her head and looked at Iris, smiling beautifully. "A warning. A promise of revenge," she said in a light tone. 
Iris’ heart skipped a beat, but she kept her expression emotionless, some of Cane’s traits must have rubbed off on her by now. The Alpha would be proud of her to be able to keep the conversation going without giving away what was in her mind right now. 
"Oh," Iris intoned. "Such a beautiful creature has such a scary meaning." 
"Sometimes, scary things come in beautiful forms." 
"Yes." Iris nodded. "But, not all scary things are bad things." The lycan was a scary beast, many people feared this cursed creature, but aside from being so annoying, Lu was nothing like those people were afraid of. Lu was not necessarily bad, at least, in Iris’ eyes. He was actually adorable, at least, when he was not being so troublesome. 
"The feeling of it is getting strong, right?" Lady Cyan asked all of a sudden. It seemed she was no longer interested in dancing around the topic, as they were getting closer to where the black magic stones were. 
Iris subconsciously stopped herself to pull at her hair or fiddle with her horse’s reins, as she put up a front to mask her thumping heart. 
They were black magic stones, she could purify them, there was nothing to be afraid of. Iris repeated the same thing over and over in her heart like a charm to calm herself down. 
"What feeling?" Iris asked innocently. 
"You can drop the act now,’’ Lady Cyan said casually, as if they were still talking about the weather. "You can feel it, right? You managed to find the magic stone in Princess Osana’s palace, there is no way you can’t feel them now." 
Iris reciprocated her smile. "Were you the one who put them here, My Lady?" 
"’Them’." Lady Cyan emphasized her choice of words. "You are indeed incredible. What are you?" She had checked her and was sure she was not a magic user. The feeling she got from her was nothing like what she got from those magic users or those dark sorcerers. 
"Is this a hunt to look for black magic stones instead of white foxes?" Iris asked. They slowed down their horses before all of them stopped. The tension amplified when all the royal warriors circled them. 
This was it, this was the place where all the black magic stones had been scattered around. Iris was the only one who was affected by this ominous feeling. 
"What is the meaning of this, My King?" Cane asked. His tone was dark, while Alpha Dristan guided his horse closer to his. 
On the other hand, four warriors from the Howling Wolf pack got off of their horses and shifted into their beasts. Iris backed away from Lady Cyan, letting herself be protected by the warriors and beasts from their pack. 
In the span of a few seconds, the quiet forest turned eerie.
###Chapter 463: A TRAP (5)
Chapter 463: A TRAP (5)
"Haco! Get out of there!" Ethan kicked the door, tired of knocking as this old sorcerer didn’t even listen to him. He wanted to kick his ass, instead, at this point. 
Why was this old man sulking so hard that he had been left alone during the dinner party when nothing significant happened between himself and Lady Cyan? He had holed himself up in this room since last night and refused to go out. 
Yet, he didn’t stop there, when Ethan bothered him to go out and meet with Cane, because his childish actions aggravated the Alpha until he ordered to drag Haco out of the room to meet with him, this old sorcerer locked himself in. 
Haco was acting unreasonably weird. 
"Haco! If you don’t open the door, I will kick it down!" Ethan threatened him. He was serious with his warning. 
"If you are going to kick it down, make sure to fix it later," Aliana said. She leaned her back against the wall beside the door, as she stared at the furious gamma. 
"At least, help me deal with him. If you are just here to watch the show, go away!" Ethan growled at the woman beside him and she rolled her eyes as a response. 
"I am here to help, but you are so busy." Aliana fished out something from her pocket and tossed a small key toward Ethan. 
Thankfully, the Gamma had good reflexes and caught it. "Why didn’t you give me the key earlier!?" He grumbled. 
"So, ungrateful," Aliana scoffed and turned around to leave, but then all of a sudden, the door swung open from inside and Haco appeared. He looked so pale, as if he had just seen a ghost. 
"Where is Cane!? Where is Iris?!" Haco asked. 
"What? Only now you are bothered about looking for them?! The Alpha has called for you, but you ignored the order!" Ethan was so upset, but Haco snapped at him. 
"Oh, shut up! They are in danger!" Haco then handed a lizard to Ethan’s hands. "Gather your people and search for them!" 
The lizard squirmed unhappily in Ethan’s palms, while he could see something on its tail and he immediately knew whose hair it was. 
Iris had a distinguished hair color, thus it was easy to tell that the hair on the lizard’s tail belonged to her. 
But, right at the same time, a warrior approached Ethan. His expression told them he did not come bearing good news. 
"Beta Jace asked you to meet him at the south gates! The warriors from the Blue Moon pack were revolting! All the warriors under your command have gathered in the pack house!" 
Ethan didn’t seem surprised with this revelation. They were prepared for unexpected news, since they learned there was a traitor within the pack, their suspicions were directed toward the people from the Blue Moon pack, especially after the information Aderan got from Queen Della, it only solidified their conjecture. 
However, the timing couldn’t be more awful than this. 
Lady Cyan and the power she held was the piece that Cane failed to take precautions against, since that woman kept a very low profile and didn’t appear to get involved in anything until recently. 
Cane deemed the King wouldn’t reveal the spy until the very end, since he wouldn’t benefit if he did, but what Cane didn’t know was, Lady Cyan played a different scheme and this unexpected element was fatal for the whole plan that Cane had fabricated. 
Cane miscalculated the involvement of Lady Cyan and what kind of plot she would bring to this game. And this allowed Lady Cyan to outsmart Cane. 
"Who is leading them?!" Ethan gritted his teeth. He hoped Cane was right this time about trusting Redmond, because he was going to kill that man himself if he got involved. 
"Lyle," the warrior replied. "He mobilized all the warriors of the Blue Moon pack here and joined with the remaining royal warriors who didn’t go to the mountain." 
"No! You need to find Cane and Iris first!" Haco insisted, he looked almost like an insane old man. What actually happened to him? 
"Where is Redmond?!" Ethan was frustrated. The plan went south. 
The warrior frowned. "The last time I saw him, he was in the pack house, but I am not sure where he is exactly." 
Ethan growled. He knew exactly where that warrior was. "Aliana! Go with Haco and gather the young warriors! I will meet you at the training ground soon!" 
If they had been in a different situation, Aliana would have scoffed if Ethan ordered her around and would have made sure Jace heard about it to cause trouble for the Gamma, but she could read the situation and do what she was told. 
Aliana grabbed Haco’s hand and ran toward a different direction from Ethan. The warrior, who had reported the news, followed the Gamma. 
"Gamma Ethan... if we lose this battle, will they enslave us again?" The warrior asked, as he ran beside Ethan. His name was Lucas and his mate gave birth to a baby girl just a week ago. He would rather kill his own daughter if he had to subject her to the life of slavery, especially when she was a girl. 
"Don’t talk nonsense!" Ethan growled and then shifted into his beast, as he dashed toward the pack house. 
Damn Redmond and his people! 
But, there was this question in Ethan’s mind; how were they able to shift into their beast when they had been fed Rottingbane continuously. Without their beast, they wouldn’t be able to fight! 
It didn’t take long for Ethan to reach the Luna’s bedroom, where Sofia was still staying. The people started to panic when they heard a battle was about to break out with the warriors from the Blue Moon pack. 
"Redmond! Get out!" Ethan immediately shifted into his human form and kicked the door, but because this was the Luna’s bedroom, of course, he couldn’t tear the door down as he liked. It was very strong. "Get out here now!" Ethan roared.
###Chapter 464: A TRAP (6)
Chapter 464: A TRAP (6)
Thankfully, before the door sustained any permanent damage, Redmond had opened the door. He glared at Ethan, but was immediately taken aback when he saw how furious the Gamma looked, as if he had just killed his destined mate. 
"What?!" Redmond frowned so hard, but he didn’t provoke Ethan as usual. 
"Do you have any clue what your second in command is doing right now?!" Ethan gritted his teeth, his eyes staring intensely at Redmond. They had worked together for the past few months, thus Ethan refused to believe that he couldn’t tell when this warrior before him tried to tell a lie. 
"What? Drinking? What is Lyle doing now?" Redmond was confused, Ethan had never been interested in Lyle before. 
Ethan could see how genuinely clueless Redmond was about what was going on. He must have holed himself up inside the bedroom, until he had not yet heard what his second in command was trying to achieve at this moment. 
It was Lucas, who answered that. "He mobilized all the warriors of the Blue Moon pack to attack us! He wanted to take over the Howling Wolf pack!" Lucas was enraged, as Redmond was a warrior from the Blue Moon pack too. 
"What?!" Redmond widened his eyes in shock. "No way! He will do no such thing without my permission!" 
Thankfully, because most of the warriors of the Blue Moon pack were assigned to work in the mines and only some of them worked at the entrance gates of the pack, they could only gather outside the pack gates and right now, Jace and the warriors under his command were trying to hold them back. 
The peace wouldn’t last long, since the number of warriors under Jace’s command at the moment was not that great. 
Currently, there were around a thousand warriors in the Blue Moon pack. Of which, half were still in the Blue Moon pack. As such, there were at least five hundred warriors under Lyle who were trying to knock down their fortress right now. 
It was not clear whether the other five hundred would also join them or not. Not to mention the royal warriors were backing them up. 
Meanwhile, there were around one thousand and five hundred warriors in the Howling Wolf pack. They outnumbered them, though not to a great extent, but still, it would be an ugly battle if they managed to tear down the fortress. 
"Great! Now command them to back off!" Ethan roared, he was enraged, even words couldn’t describe how angry he was, especially when Haco’s words kept replaying in his mind. 
If the situation was this chaotic here, what about Cane and Iris? They were literally in the mountains with the King and more than half of the royal warriors. 
"Where are they?!" Redmond was seething now, as he walked out of the bedroom, but before he could leave, Ethan grabbed his shoulder and glared intensely at him. "What now?!" Redmond snapped at him. 
"Are you sure you are not on their side?" Ethan narrowed his eyes dangerously. "Are you going to join them too?" 
Redmond swatted Ethan’s hand away and looked at him disdainfully. "Even if I am going to join them, what difference does it make? All of them are rebelling against you, do you think me joining them alone will give them a significant advantage?" Redmond hissed. 
Ethan thought about it for a while. "You have a good point there." 
However, instead of going with Redmond, he went to see Will. He was still inside his room, staring at the empty wall in front of him. 
Ethan really wanted to shake him, so he could get back to his senses. 
"Will! Wake up, my friend! I need your help! I need you to go to the Riverside pack!" Ethan shook his body, but Will’s eyes looked so empty. "Damn it, Will! We are going to die if we don’t do anything! The Alpha and the Luna are in danger and there is a rebellion at our entrance gates!" 
They needed more warriors to defend the pack and look for their alpha in the Goffa mountain. Ethan prayed so hard that nothing would happen to Cane and Iris. 
============================= 
"My King, what do you mean by this?" Sir Elijah looked around him, as the royal warriors assumed a fighting stance. Some of them had already shifted into their wolves. "I thought we were going to hunt white foxes for Lady Cyan." 
Sir Elijah was clueless about the King’s intentions. He came here alone and didn’t bring any of his warriors along. 
"Shut up!" King Aeon snapped at him, which made him flinch. 
Meanwhile, Leon smiled smugly at Cane, he had been wanting to kill this alpha ever since he humiliated him and his daughter. If he had taken Nala as his mistress, his daughter wouldn’t have gone through such hell under the King. What was so great about this alpha to actually reject his daughter? 
On the other hand, Cane approached Iris and his nine warriors, who had formed a circle around their luna, while Alpha Dristan stayed close to him. The only personal guard he had with him was useless in this situation. 
"Are you trying to kill me, My King?" Cane asked, he could see the plan he had created crumbling before his eyes when he fell into Lady Cyan’s trap. 
Indeed, women followed different ways when plotting something. They would dance harmlessly around their target before they strike them. 
"I should have done that a long time ago," King Aeon replied. He dropped all the pretenses now and looked at Cane disdainfully. "You look like your mother. She is a beautiful woman, your mother. It’s a pity that she was my sister. I would have loved to have her." 
Iris felt like she wanted to gag when she read what King Aeon said. She knew how immoral people with power could be, but how could he lust after his own sister? 
The provocation was too much, even the warriors of the Howling Wolf pack cursed under their breaths at the King for saying something so disgusting about their late
###Chapter 465: SACRIFICE
Chapter 465: SACRIFICE
The King taunted Cane intentionally and the latter knew about that, but it didn’t mean his blood didn’t boil with anger when his mother was being disrespected like that. 
He could feel this anger slither up his veins, but it was not only him, there was another strong feeling running through his mind at this moment as he stole a glance at Lady Cyan briefly. 
The lycan inside him awakened and the sight of Lady Cyan stirred his wrath. 
It didn’t happen before. When he met with Lady Cyan, the lycan always stayed dormant. What was different now? Was it because he could sense Iris was in danger and all of this was because of this mistress? 
Cane glanced at Iris, her small face scrunched up, as she glared at King Aeon with such strong disgust upon reading what he said about his mother. Weirdly, he felt a little bit better seeing his mate so angry on behalf of him. 
"Aeon," Cane called the King by his name, since the pretenses had been dropped, there was no need for him to show any fake politeness and respect. He didn’t deserve that, after all. "You are so disgusting, it’s so shameful we are related by blood." 
Alpha Dristan was so shocked when he heard that, so did Sir Elijah. He shouldn’t be provoking the King further when they were at a disadvantage! Did he really want to die?! 
What Cane said alone could grant him a death sentence, but at this point, what difference would it make? 
On the other hand, hearing what Cane said, King Aeon was seething. He was about to order all the warriors to attack at once, shred him into pieces, but Lady Cyan stopped him. 
"If you are so shameful of your bloodline, I can suck your blood out of your body! I will make your mate watch how every single drop of blood is drained from your body!" 
Lady Cyan put her hand over the King’s and this stopped his outrage, as the King held himself back to let his mistress take over the situation. 
Sir Elijah watched this subtle gesture and was bewildered as to how this mistress could tame the enraged king and actually, the King looked docile with her. He only met Lady Cyan twice and because she did not stand out among the other mistresses, it came as a surprise for her to be able to do this to the King. 
"Alpha Cane, I am very curious about your mate, can’t you lend her over to me for a while?" Lady Cyan tilted her head at Iris. She still couldn’t figure out what this woman was. She was not a shifter, but she was not a magic user either, yet, she had the ability that no normal human had. 
"Cyan, if you are not going to hunt for white foxes, should we return to the pack? I am so sick of this game." When Cane dropped all the formalities, he did that thoroughly. He looked at her menacingly. 
However, instead of being offended, Lady Cyan smiled instead. She looked so beautiful and cheerful, but the King didn’t have any reaction. He looked angry, but that was it, the emotions that he displayed felt so empty if you looked at him closely. 
"Why are you already fed up with this game when it’s just started?" 
Cane looked around him. There were at least four hundred royal warriors surrounding them. It was not a significant number. The lycan had killed twice this number of warriors, but Cane didn’t want to resort to that step. 
"My King, you can’t do this. The people are in favor of Alpha Cane, if something happens to him and the public learns about it, it will tarnish your name even further. People will revolt!" Sir Elijah tried to talk sense into the King. 
King Aeon was not a favored king, everyone knew this, especially when he insisted for Alan to be the Crown Prince, while even his own court was against it, but it didn’t make it any better when he skipped a whole generation and declared a baby as the newly appointed crown prince. 
"Shut up, you are only interrupting the conversation here," Lady Cyan said coldly, as she raised her hand and curled her fingers in. People who were close to her would immediately know what kind of effect this move of hers would have. 
At the same time, Sir Elijah gasped loudly, while he scratched at his neck, as if trying to get rid of the thing that suffocated him. 
His body fell from his horse to the ground. He tried to scream for help, but no word came out of his open mouth, while he let out an eerie sound, as if he was being slaughtered. His eyes bulged in their sockets. Fear was palpable in those frightened eyes. He was fighting for his life, but then, it was something that he couldn’t fight against. 
"Dark magic... it’s dark magic..." Alpha Dristan stuttered. His jaw dropped when he watched sir Elijah stop struggling before his body went completely still on the ground. He was dead. The mistress killed him with dark magic. "How... it’s..." His mind went blank. 
Meanwhile, Iris averted her gaze from Sir Elijah’s dead body, she couldn’t stand watching the pitiful way he was killed. 
The young woman, who was sharing a horse with Dyne, started crying inconsolably, as the warrior closed her eyes with his palm, so she didn’t need to watch the excruciating pain that Sir Elijah went through. 
On the other hand, the Alpha said nothing. His eyes were still fixed on Lady Cyan. She didn’t hold back while showing her power, to show them her true colors as the dark witch and Cane noticed one thing; none of the warriors were surprised to see this. Did they already know? 
"Alpha Cane... we- we are going to die..." Alpha Dristan mumbled under his breath. This was the first time for him to really encounter dark magic and watch someone die because of it. "She is a dark witch..." 
And now, killing Sir Elijah was the sacrifice that Cyan needed.
###Chapter 466: SACRIFICE (2)
Chapter 466: SACRIFICE (2)
"Kill him!" One of the warriors of the Howling Wolf pack shouted when he saw Redmond approaching them. "He is the warrior from the Blue Moon pack!" 
All the warriors around, who heard that, immediately rushed toward Redmond with the intention to kill him. Ethan must have not thought about this kind of reaction from his fellow warriors when he sent Redmond alone to meet Jace at the entrance gates, as his mind was occupied with a lot of things. 
But, fortunately, Jace was nearby and he stopped his warriors before they could shred Redmond into pieces. 
"Step back!" Jace roared to stop them from shifting into their beasts and fighting Redmond. Five warriors continued seething, but the others immediately backed off. "I command you to step back!" Jace was enraged when his warriors didn’t listen to his order. 
The said five warriors gritted their teeth, as if they were about to argue, but when they saw Jace’s expression, they quickly lowered their heads and stepped back.
Redmond threw them a nasty look. He would gladly fight them all, but right now, he had no time to prolong this offense, as he was so infuriated by the fact Lyle had backstabbed him by mobilizing the warriors from the Blue Moon pack without his permission. 
How long had he been planning all of this for? 
"Ethan sent you here?" Jace asked Redmond. The two of them couldn’t be said to be close, but they were on amicable terms with each other, especially when Redmond knew a lot about Cane’s plans and his secrets, almost as much as Jace and Ethan did. 
There was even a point of time, when Jace saw him as one of them, but he was not sure where Redmond was standing in this situation. After all, out there, those people, who would gladly ransack the Howling Wolf pack, were the very people, who he grew up with. 
"Where are those ungrateful people?!" Redmond took long strides to approach Jace, he was fuming. It was a humiliation for him as the leader of the warriors for not being able to control his own men. 
They were at the entrance gates, which served as a fortress for the Howling Wolf pack and if you went up, you would be able to see a few hundred beasts from its vantage point, led by no other than Lyle. 
"What are you going to do with them?" 
"I am going to kill them all!" 
================================ 
After forcing Will to agree to carry the news to the Riverside pack, Ethan went to the orphanage again to meet with Aliana and Haco. 
Aliana had gathered around fifteen young warriors, as they were tasked to help people to safety if the enemy managed to knock down their stronghold. One of these young warriors was Joel. 
Ethan was familiar with him, as Joel trained under his command, so he gave him a few tasks and some things to be prepared for them to enter the mountains, as he talked with Haco and Aliana. 
"What the hell had happened last night during the dinner party?!" Ethan looked agitated, he couldn’t keep his cool. "Damn it, Haco! You put the Alpha in danger! Why didn’t you warn us if you know something is off with Lady Cyan?!" 
"Damn it, I can’t!" Haco barked back. He looked exhausted. His eyes sunk, as if he had not yet slept for weeks. "I didn’t tell you not because I didn’t want to! But, because I can’t! Shit!" He kept cursing under his breath, he looked so erratic. 
"What do you mean you can’t!? Cat got your tongue?!" Ethan was so upset, he could talk so clearly and loudly right now and he was telling him, he couldn’t warn them?! What kind of nonsense was he trying to spit out? 
Haco looked frustrated, while Aliana said nothing and followed their argument closely. 
"That woman is a mind controller, damn it!" 
Haco had never met a mind controller and if he had any doubt before about the symbol that they found in the Riverside pack, which was the symbol of Decratic, he was sure now that Lady Cyan was one of his worshippers. 
Decratic was known as a mind controller and his loyal worshipers also possessed the same ability. 
============================= 
Seeing the situation was already out of control, it was not even an option to think of a plot and whatnot. There would be no plot if they died. 
Cane grabbed Iris’ hand and mouthed to her. ’Move fast and hold tight.’ 
Iris saw that and nodded. 
If Lady Cyan made the first move to kill Sir Elijah, it meant, their chances of getting out of this situation alive was close to none. 
Meanwhile, the King and the royal warriors weirdly did not have a decent reaction. They watched the whole thing happen, but they didn’t have any response. 
"With the cue from the Alpha, clear the way," Oliver said in a low voice. It was hard for them to communicate once they turned into their beasts, since the mindlink between them had been severed, but they had been training to overcome their shortcomings. 
However, Lady Cyan looked at them emotionlessly, as she dismounted her horse and took two steps closer to them. 
"Hand her over and maybe, I will spare you," Lady Cyan said, as she looked at Alpha Dristan. She used too much of her power on the royal warriors and the King, she couldn’t afford to control one more person, more so, she needed to save up her energy. 
She had not yet reached the main goal why she took this extreme step at the risk of exposing her own power. 
On the other hand, Alpha Dristan actually contemplated doing so, as he glanced at Iris and calculated how fast he could grab her. He did that out of instinct, but his subtle glance and what he was thinking right now didn’t go unnoticed by Cane. 
And when Alpha Dristan caught his eyes, he couldn’t help stuttering. "Al- alpha Cane... I... no, I am not thinking about that..." 
But, before Alpha Dristan could explain himself, they could hear Iris screaming in pain.
###Chapter 467: AN ALLY TURNED TRAITOR
Chapter 467: AN ALLY TURNED TRAITOR
Iris had long sensed this ominous feeling, but a second ago, she felt like the feeling intensified a hundred fold and her discomfort amplified, as if something sharp was plunged into her chest. The pain was excruciating, though it only lasted for a few seconds, but it was enough for her to lose control over her body and fall from her horse. 
If it was not for Cane, who broke her fall, she would have sustained serious injuries from falling from such a height. 
Her body was twitching and her ears were ringing, the noise made her head throb in agony. The torment lasted for at least three to four seconds, but Iris felt like hours had passed before she finally opened her eyes and caught Cane’s worried expression. 
She had never seen him so worried like right now. 
"You defend yourself so well, I am so curious about your origins now." Lady Cyan tilted her head, as she looked at Iris with so much curiosity. 
"What have you done to her?!" Cane growled. He cradled Iris in his arms, as she whimpered in pain and clutched his shirt tightly. Her body was trembling and the Alpha also had a hard time reigning the anger of the lycan within him. This cursed creature was forcing himself to resurface. 
However, Lady Cyan seemed to be deep in thought, as she mumbled to herself. The vibe she gave off was almost like a maniac, it was so different from the calm figure she usually portrayed in front of the public. 
"She should have died with such a strong curse, but she didn’t. How could a runt do that? No, even a shifter or an average magic user will not be able to withstand that. Is she that powerful or is that only the nature of her ability? Could she extend her ability to someone else?" Lady Cyan directed her eyes at Cane, as she contemplated something, from the tips of her fingers you could see red wisp rising into the air. 
The Howling Wolf pack warriors were on high alert with how things escalated, it went south so fast. They didn’t see this coming, nor were they prepared for this kind of situation. 
But a second later, two warriors screamed in agony, as they fell from their horses. Their screams didn’t last long, as their bodies dropped dead to the ground. 
"I don’t think she can extend her power," Lady Cyan lamented. 
Meanwhile, the remaining seven warriors of the Howling Wolf pack snarled, they were enraged to see their fellow warriors die in such a state. 
"She should have died like that, but it is so impressive that she can withstand my curse." Lady Cyan tapped on her lips, contemplating Iris’ unique ability. 
Seeing their friends dead, one of the warriors charged forward to attack Lady Cyan. He was in his beast form, but before he could reach the witch, five royal warriors charged forward and fought him brutally.
The other six warriors snarled and two of them charged forward to help their friend, but more and more royal warriors interfered. 
Only four warriors; Oliver, Dyne, Eron and Dean had stayed back, bound by their duty to protect their alpha and their luna. 
Meanwhile, Cane was having a hard time breathing when Lu tried forcefully to come forward. He couldn’t let the lycan out if he could help it and Iris could sense his struggle, as she was already calm enough from the aftermath of the curse, since Lady Cyan didn’t have her focus on her. 
The fight didn’t last for long, as the four of them were forced to watch their fellow warriors get slaughtered. It could be their end too, but even so, they wouldn’t hesitate to die just to find a way out for their alpha and luna. Therefore, they couldn’t leave their positions. 
It was hard when they had to watch everything unfold before their eyes with their hands tied. It almost felt like they were thrown back to the time of their slavery. They were forced to watch their closed ones die without being able to do anything. 
That was what was happening right now. 
"Cane, focus on me," Iris said, she grabbed his hand, as she sat down. His hands were so cold, but his eyes were still so dark. Cane shook his head, as if he was trying to get rid of the intrusive thoughts. 
"Lady Cyan!" Alpha Dristan cried, as he fell to his knees, begging the witch. "I will not say anything about this! I will not say anything regardless of what unfolds here! Spare my life and I will be your loyal ally!" 
At this point, there was no way out of this situation, it was either you becoming an ally of this witch or accepting you were going to die, since she had revealed so much about herself, a secret that the mistress had been keeping for so many years. 
See? This was what Cane meant when he said there was nothing such as loyalty between two people, there were only profits and benefits. Their cooperation wouldn’t last for long once they didn’t see the benefit from doing so. 
And for Alpha Dristan right now, his life was way more important than anything else. It was so embarrassing to see the Alpha from the Red Claw pack, the richest pack in this continent, grovel for his life. 
Meanwhile, the King was so oblivious that he was simply a backdrop. He said and did nothing, as his expression remained angry, yet it was very clear for them now that he was under the witch’s spell, as he couldn’t get a better grip over this situation. 
"You want to be my ally?" Lady Cyan repeated the words and Dristan nodded his head eagerly. He couldn’t care less about Cane and the others. 
"My Lady, I am the richest alpha in this continent, having me as an ally will greatly benefit you,’’ Alpha Dristan started blabbering all the sweet offerings for the witch. "I will help Prince Alan regain the Crown Prince status. I will make sure the Red Claw pack will not interfere with the succession of your son." 
It was Koda’s grandson, who was appointed as the new crown prince and Alpha Dristan thought it was a great offer then. It was why he helped Cane dethrone the previous crown prince, who was none other than the only son of this witch. 
The only personal warrior of Alpha Dristan also knelt down beside him, bending his body until his head touched the ground, begging for his life. 
"It was Alpha Cane, who had planned everything, he was also the one who had..." 
Yet, Alpha Dristan didn’t have a chance to finish his words when his head flew off his body. Blood burst out from his headless body, splashing the ground with the color of red and the air around them got contaminated with this metallic smell. 
Everything happened too fast, no one had time to process, not even Alpha Dristan himself when Cane ripped his head apart from his body, as his claws embedded deep into his shoulder as his other hand held his head. 
The sight was gruesome to say the least and the Alpha looked more than feral. He looked crazy and no one saw this coming, even Iris. 
She saw how Cane held Alpha Dristan’s head in his hand while the latter’s dead eyes stared at her. She could feel her heart beat so fast in her chest, yet, she didn’t make any noise, as she gritted her teeth and balled her fists to get a grip over herself. 
She tried to calm herself down and not to panic, this was not the first time for her to see such a gory sight. 
Meanwhile, the other four warriors gasped, but this was not something that they had never seen before either. To their surprise, their luna looked level headed enough, she could stay composed upon seeing this. 
It was actually the new mistress of Alpha Dristan, who was sobbing into Dyne’s chest, as she closed her eyes tightly, her whole body was trembling. 
"You can have him," Cane said callously, as he threw Alpha Dristan’s head toward Lady Cyan. It actually hit her waist and blood sprayed all over her dress and face. 
Lady Cyan was not a warrior, she lacked physical reflexes, thus she couldn’t dodge that and this made the woman look so mad. The look on her face was so eerie with blood covering her skin. 
"Here, take this as well." Cane then threw Alpha Dristan’s body as well, but this time, Lady Cyan saw that coming and immediately jumped to the side to avoid it. 
Since they were stuck in this situation, Cane didn’t need an ally turned traitor like Dristan. At this point, what mattered the most was their own lives. He could die for all he cared, since he was going to expose the deal between the two of them anyway. 
Lady Cyan was already a handful, he didn’t need another threat. If Dristan would do more harm than good, it would be better to get rid of him sooner than later. 
"HOW DARE YOU!" The witch was furious and she aimed her anger at Iris instead, because she didn’t want to kill Cane just yet and hurting Iris was the better choice to hurt this alpha. After seeing their interaction all this time, she knew how much Cane cared about his mate. 
Iris’ body fell to the ground, as she curled herself and let out an ear splitting scream that could make you shiver, as though you could also feel her pain. 
Far away... the five swords cracked.
###Chapter 468: SOMEONE WAS THERE
Chapter 468: SOMEONE WAS THERE
Cane saw red when he saw Iris writhing in pain as she let out an ear splitting scream, the current sight of her turned his eyes blood red. 
"LU!" Cane called the lycan and at the same time, he shifted into his beast form. 
There was no way out. There was no other solution aside from this. Lu was right. No matter how meticulous Cane had been scheming his way to get to his goal, his lack of power was a crucial point. 
’Do you really think, you can solely rely on your crafty brain?’ The lycan scoffed at him when he tried to force himself out and Cane stubbornly held him back. 
’For ten years, you have used that brain of yours, but without my power, do you think you could have broken free from the slavery? If something happens to my mate, I will not only slaughter your pack members, but any creature I can get my hands on.’ 
Cane knew that was true, but his statement about Iris irked him. 
Yet, seeing Iris doubling over in so much pain, there was nothing more important in his eyes than to stop her pain and the only power Cane could rely on was the lycan’s. 
He gave up his body and let the lycan get full control over him. It was a crucial thing for someone like Cane to be vulnerable and let himself be controlled by others. 
As an alpha, it was in their nature to have full control over everything around them, to be in a vulnerable state was against their nature. 
But, at this moment, a realization hit Cane so hard. He was not only willing to give up his dominance and become so vulnerable before the lycan, but he was more than ready to give up even his soul, if it meant, he could stop her pain. 
It was not clear since when he felt this strong and deep feeling for her. 
The mate bond indeed helped them to get closer, but after everything that they had gone through, he knew it was way more than that. 
On the other hand, Lady Cyan gasped loudly to see Cane shift into his lycan form. It was the lycan! He didn’t shift into his wolf, but a lycan! 
"No way..." Oliver gasped, he was kneeling down beside Iris, who had lost consciousness. He was just about to check on the Luna, but this happened before his eyes. 
The Alpha shifted into the lycan! The cursed creature that was being hunted down by the whole continent! 
What about the rumors of the Alpha hunting down the lycan? What about the King’s order for the Alpha to catch the lycan? What about those sayings about the lycan kidnapping Iris and Alpha Cane managing to track the creature down and save his mate? 
They couldn’t believe what they were seeing right now. 
On the other hand, Lady Cyan used ten royal warriors as a shield, right in time before the lycan could claw her, but what were ten warriors against a cursed creature? It wouldn’t even take a second before the creature could get to her. 
"My Lady, we need to leave!" Leon said urgently, as he went to Lady Cyan’s side. "It’s the lycan! The Alpha is the lycan! The whole world should know about this! The people from the Holy Kingdom should know about this!" 
=============================== 
"DAMN IT, HACO! Why have you opened your mouth only now?!" Ethan was furious when he heard what the sorcerer told him.
Lady Cyan was a mind controller! And this old sorcerer didn’t even talk about that until it was too late?! What the hell was he thinking?! Such an important piece of news should have been delivered to Cane as soon as possible, so he would be able to take all the precautions! 
And now, he went to the mountains with not enough people to protect him and Iris, while the royal warriors swarmed them up! 
"Don’t you know how important the news is!?" Ethan really wanted to kick this old man, plunging a claw or two into his throat would be good too, but then, the sorcerer didn’t have any healing ability. He would die immediately, if he really did that. 
"I can’t! I can’t tell you! Only now I broke free from her spell! Do you think I can’t understand the importance of that news! Damn it!" Haco barked back at the Gamma. If he could, he would have let Cane know about that! 
The problem was; he didn’t expect Lady Cyan to be a mind controller, thus he was not prepared when she put him under her spell. Thankfully, Haco was also a dark magic user and not a weakling, or else, he would have turned into a puppet, being played by her hand right now. 
"She read some information that I know! I stopped her, but I am not sure how much information that she had gathered when we made contact last night!" Haco looked so frustrated with this whole situation. He was drained from all his attempts to get free from that witch’s curse. 
Ethan felt his head throb painfully. He thought they were already in the worst situation possible, but now he knew, the situation was only getting worse and worse. 
"Aliana, you have to come with me, we need to look for the Alpha." 
Jace was here to defend the pack and Will had gone to the Riverside pack to get their warriors in order to help them here, so Ethan decided to lead this small group to find Cane and the others. 
"Jace will kill you if he learns you took me to the mountains for this mission," Aliana said casually, while actually preparing herself to join this group. 
"It is a waste of your talent to keep you in the orphanage," Ethan grumbled. "You should have joined our training sessions instead of playing with children." 
Despite her sweet and kind appearance, Aliana was a fighter. If she was a man, Cane would have chosen her as his gamma. Needless to say, this woman could even fight Ethan head on if she wanted. 
"Don’t worry, let’s fight Jace together if he decides to kill you later," Aliana said, as she patted Ethan on the shoulder. 
Ethan grimaced when he heard that. "Thank you, that’s comforting enough," he said sarcastically and then faced the fifteen young warriors, who were ready to go to the battle. Jace would really kill him if he knew Ethan led these newly appointed warriors to Goffa mountain. "Listen up! Nobody will engage in the battle, we are going to scout the area and look for the Alpha and the Luna! Stay low and don’t reveal yourself if you could help it! Escape, runaway if you think you are in danger and most importantly, don’t die." 
Ethan felt like he was the one, who was going to die right now... the tension was crazy. 
=================================== 
"Lady Cyan..." Leon called her. He looked dumbfounded after seeing the lycan kill all the royal warriors, who were trying to get close to him, to stop him from breaking through the barrier that Lady Cyan had put around herself, Leon and the King. "We need to go... we need to get the King to a safe place. The lycan is insane... this creature will kill us." 
Lady Cyan gritted her teeth. Her barrier wouldn’t last for long, as she had drained her energy to control the King and all the royal warriors, while Leon was loyal to her, as he begged her to spare his daughter, this old warrior wouldn’t be able to help with anything if the lycan tore down the barrier she had created. 
Before their eyes, the lycan had brutally killed the four hundred royal warriors that attacked him in less than two hours. 
Blood seeped into the ground, the metallic scent was so strong, it was actually very suffocating, especially for the shifters, but the King maintained his angry expression without saying anything. 
Lady Cyan tried to harm Iris, but the lycan didn’t let anyone touch her. No one could even go close to her, while the four beasts only added an additional layer of protection to her. 
And now, when all the royal warriors had died, the only one that stood before her eyes was the lycan, while Iris and the other four beasts were no longer in sight. 
The red eyes of the lycan looked as bloody as the blood on the ground. He looked so feral, as if ready for another showdown. He barred his fangs and his claws were sharp enough to cut through steel. 
This barrier wouldn’t stand his attacks for long. 
But then, Lady Cyan’s eyes lit up when she saw someone from behind the lycan. At the same time, the beast also sensed this person, as the lycan snarled viciously. The beast’s black fur looked shiny with the blood that coated him. 
"Father..." Lady Cyan called this person under her breath. She knew she would be out of trouble seeing her father was here. 
============================ 
Iris felt her chest split into two when the pain turned very unbearable. Her ears kept ringing and this made her head throb painfully, as if someone was hammering her head endlessly. 
She closed her eyes and hoped the pain would subside soon. She realized it was because of Lady Cyan’s curse. But once it did subside and she opened her eyes, she was no longer inside the forest of the Goffa mountain. 
Iris was laying down on the floor, inside this empty hall, where she knew the five swords were. 
"Iris." 
Someone called her and she turned her head toward the source of the voice when she heard that.
###Chapter 469: MEMORY FROM THE PAST
Chapter 469: MEMORY FROM THE PAST
She was in her dream again? The dream about the five swords that kept coming to her? 
But this time, she could hear someone calling her name and when she turned around, she saw a figure walking closer to her. In her last dream, she saw an obscured figure, though this time it was a little bit clearer. 
It was a woman with long, red, curly hair and when she was really close, she could finally see the color of her eyes. They were blue. 
Iris gasped to see the similarities between the two of them, if someone saw them, they would think they were siblings. 
"We finally met," the woman smiled and there were two dimples on her cheeks, which Iris didn’t. 
This woman was so beautiful. Her beauty was ethereal, as if she was not from this world. The kindness in her eyes and the firmness in her voice could easily make you feel safe and sound with her nearby. She looked so calm and composed. 
How could someone exude such serenity? 
Iris was about to ask something, but this alluring woman had grabbed her hand. "There is no time, I want to show you something." Her voice rang in this empty hall. 
Iris didn’t understand what she meant, but when she blinked her eyes, she was no longer inside that empty hall with the five swords. 
She was in a warm chamber, standing near a fireplace, before where a lizard curled its body. Iris was surprised. She thought it was her lizard, but then when she looked around her, there were at least four of them and none of them were the same size as the one she had. 
"What is this? Another dream?" She murmured to herself. 
Even though there was no way this was real, Iris didn’t feel like it was a dream either. Everything was so real and lucid to be called a dream. 
She looked around again and found that woman with red, curly hair. She was wearing white dress, staring into the distance from a window. It was night, the sky was so gloomy and thunder could be heard in the distance. 
That woman looked so lonely and sad, even though it was only her back that she could see. 
However, there was another thing that distracted Iris at this moment from approaching her and asking what was going on. 
Currently, Iris was flabbergasted that she heard these noises around her. The crackling sound of the firewood, the sound of the wind, the flutter of the curtain and the creaking sound when someone opened the door. 
"Serafim," the man was wearing a white armor and had a long sword attached to his hip. He lowered his head when he greeted the woman, who he addressed as the Serafim. 
Iris had seen this attire before.
The woman called Serafim was wearing the dress from the Andelus continent, while the man seemed to be a warrior from the Holy Kingdom, though the armor looked slightly different from what Iris had learned. 
"What is it, Rei?" The Serafim asked him, her eyes were swollen, as if she had been crying for hours. "How is he?" 
"Serafim..." The warrior named Rei looked hesitant to break the news to her. 
"Tell me." Her voice was shaking, she balled her fists tightly beside her body. She looked like she was preparing herself for the worst, but still, she didn’t look like she was ready for the news. 
Rei’s jaw hardened when he spoke through his gritted teeth, because he knew it would hurt the Serafim so much. 
"Lu is dead, people burned him alive. He didn’t fight them at all." There was no gentle or better way to deliver such news and Rei chose to be blunt, so she didn’t need to go through more pain. 
Still, it didn’t decrease the agony that she had to endure. 
"AARRGHH!" The Serafim let out a painful scream, as she fell to her knees and kept crying. The pain in her voice, the anger that she held back, transformed into red flames that burned everything around her. 
"Serafim! Please, calm yourself down! Please, calm yourself!" Rei looked panicked when he was surrounded by fire. The room would be burned down completely if the Serafim didn’t stop this. "Serafim, please! Your wrath will only feed Decratic, you will only give him more power, you need to clear your mind and heart! Please, Your Holiness!" 
However, how could Serafim calm herself down after hearing about Lu’s death? Her heart was filled with so much anger and hatred. She wanted to get her revenge, she wanted to be mad, she wanted to go crazy and kill those people who had killed Lu, despite knowing her evil thoughts would only make Decratic stronger. 
This was his game after all. This was how he got to her. He took the most important person in her life and this was the reaction that he wanted. 
But, how could she stop this painful feeling? 
Why would Lu keep his promise at this time? 
She shouldn’t have made him promise her such a thing and now she was wallowing in the pain of losing him. 
On the other hand, Iris closed her ears with both of her palms, because the scream from the Serafim was so painful to hear, but then the fireplace beside her blasted and everything went blurry. 
Finally, it was quiet again... 
============================= 
"Shift." The man stared at the lycan and with his commanding voice, he spoke to the cursed creature. "I said, shift." 
This old man emerged from behind the trees, with his black eyes fixed on the lycan, but then those black eyes slowly turned red. There was no fear, nor did he flinch when he walked through countless corpses and the wet ground. 
The splashing sound of his feet in the puddles of blood didn’t even seem to bother him. 
"Shift back," he said more sternly this time and slowly, his eyes turned back to their original black color, so did the lycan’s, as the beast shifted back into its human form.
###Chapter 470: ANOTHER DEATH
Chapter 470: ANOTHER DEATH
Cane growled, as he shifted into his human form. He couldn’t believe it. This man could suppress the lycan. He could feel Lu fall quiet in his mind, as he gained his control over his body back. 
Cane dropped to his knees, panting heavily, as he could feel the intense fight between the lycan and the four hundred royal warriors affected him so much. The after effects of it came back to him now and he had felt a familiar feeling before, when he used the lycan’s power to get his revenge on the Blue Moon pack. 
The very day the lycan battled them out. It completely drained him. 
"Father..." Lady Cyan approached the old man, while Leon was dumbstruck to see the lycan defeated so easily. 
On the other hand, the King still had this angry look on his face, he didn’t seem to care about his surroundings or what was transpiring around him. 
"Father, thank you for coming..." 
Yet, before Lady Cyan could finish her words, a harsh slap landed on her face. It was shocking coming from that skinny old man, and the force made Lady Cyan stumble back and fall to the ground. 
"How dare you expose yourself like this?!" The man barked at his daughter. "Such a disappointment. How long will you disappoint me, huh? Can’t you use your mind a little bit better?!" 
Lady Cyan held her cheek, as she tried not to cry. She felt blood pooling inside of her mouth. 
"You can’t even do something right!" 
"Father... I... I meant good with this plan. You need to hear me out first..." Lady Cyan felt like she was a child again, where she used to hear constant disapproval from her father and how he wished he had one more son, instead of a daughter. "That woman, that runt, who is his mate..." 
"Shut up!" The old man then looked around him and his eyes landed on Leon, as he whispered to him. "Kill yourself." 
Leon looked terrified when he heard that whisper, especially when his hand moved on its own and his claws emerged from the tips of his fingers. 
"No... no... no... please..." Leon looked mortified when he failed to stop himself from clawing his own neck, as blood gushed out of his wounds. "No... please. I will be your loyal servant... you will need me..." 
However, despite what Leon said, he couldn’t stop the spell. He let out an ear splitting scream followed by a gurgling sound when his mouth filled with so much blood. 
Cane watched everything unfold and knew he would be next if he couldn’t find a way out of this situation. Whoever this man was, he was bad news. 
Once Leon’s body fell to the ground and he no longer had the strength to make a clean cut on his own, his body jolted for a few seconds, before he went completely still. He was dead. 
"Father... we need him," Lady Cyan said. There was no fear in her eyes when she saw what unfolded, as if she had seen this kind of scene countless times. She seemed to have numbed her feelings upon seeing so many gruesome things. "We need him to move the royal warriors..." she said in a pitiful voice. 
She accepted Leon because she saw value in him, but her father killed him just like that? Why didn’t he want to hear her explanation first? 
"Shut the fuck up and get up! You wasted so much of my time already!" The man glared at Lady Cyan, who immediately stood up, her cheek was swollen, but she didn’t dare to complain about the pain. No matter how old she was, she would always turn into that helpless little child while facing her father. 
And the next thing that got that man’s attention was Cane. 
"So, he is the lycan..." he mumbled. His eyes narrowed on Cane, who was still kneeling on the ground, and the Alpha reciprocated his gaze coldly. "The lycan resides in him?" He tilted his head and then approached Cane. 
"Father, what are you going to do?" Lady Cyan looked worried when her father went closer toward the Alpha, she was afraid he would shift into his lycan again and attack him. 
"I am going to extricate the lycan out of him." The old man looked at the Alpha up and down, as if trying to gauge him out. 
================================= 
"Gamma Ethan, the smell of blood is so strong in that direction," Joel said. He shifted into his human form when he came closer toward Ethan, since they couldn’t communicate through mindlink when they were in their beast form. 
"Yeah, I can smell that too," Ethan said with a frown. 
He had met with Jace before and they managed to sneak out from the barricade of the Blue Moon warriors and the royal warriors without them noticing anything. 
The terrain of this area was still within their knowledge, they wouldn’t know this place as much as they did, especially the Goffa mountain. 
At that moment, Redmond was trying to get to the other Blue Moon Warriors, but he still couldn’t get through Lyle. It was not clear whether he was with those people, or he went somewhere else in a small group. 
"Let’s split into two groups," Ethan said. "Aliana, you lead the second group, take Haco with you as well and follow me." 
In that way, if there was an ambush or something went wrong with the first group, the second group could be their back up. 
"Boy, you come with me," Ethan said, as he patted Joel’s shoulder and then shifted into his beast, followed by the other seven young warriors, while the rest followed Aliana’s lead. 
The deeper they went into the mountain, the stronger the smell of blood became, as if there was a massacre ahead. 
Ethan’s heart beat so fast, he prayed so hard he was not too late and by some miracle, no one got hurt, though he knew it was impossible...
###Chapter 471: THE BLACK WISP
Chapter 471: THE BLACK WISP
Redmond stared into the distance. He was in utter disbelief upon seeing what the warriors under him had done behind his back. He had been away for so long, until he didn’t realize Lyle had taken over his role and cashed their loyalty to himself. 
Regardless of whatever reason it might be, it was still unacceptable. 
Currently, he was standing not too far from the Howling Wolf pack’s gate, staring into the distance toward those bunch of ungrateful jerks, who he thought were his people. They avoided his eyes, as if they felt shameful and guilty, as they should! 
Behind Redmond were a few Howling Wolf pack’s warriors following him out for this negotiation, since this battle shouldn’t happen in the first place, while Jace stood on the fortress, staring down at them all. The Beta’s expression was so cold, as if he was ready for the worst. He didn’t believe it would go smoothly, the way they wanted it. 
Meanwhile, in front of Redmond was Lyle. 
His second in command, or should he call him as his ex second in command, stood ten steps away from him. They stared at each other and in the end, it was Redmond, who broke the silence. 
"What do you mean by this?! Back off now and admit your wrongdoings, I will spare you!" Redmond barked, seething. The worst betrayal came from your closest ones and right now, Redmond could feel it. 
Lyle was a person he had gone through so much with, even while they were under the oppression of the other warriors in the Blue Moon pack, until they could climb to their current positions. 
For decades, they had been comrades and now they had found themselves standing on opposite sides. 
"You don’t actually believe I will surrender, right? I have come to this point with preparation, I will not back down." Lyle looked calm, but his eyes showed his true emotions. He was determined, this was the hill he was going to die on. "Even if we did, the Howling Wolf pack will not be as generous as you." 
That was true, they were going to be slaughtered once the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack got their hands on them. Both parties knew that absolute fact. 
"Redmond, I know you hate the people in the Howling Wolf pack," Lyle started. This time, his tone was rather friendly, as if they were still good friends, but Redmond showed nothing on his expression, thus he took this as his cue to keep talking. "I know you are not satisfied with being a dog for those slaves! They used to be beneath us and now they have been extorting our Blue Moon pack for their own benefit! They took our mines and that so-called luna didn’t do anything about it! How can you give your loyalty to such a pathetic woman and follow her?!" 
That was how Redmond used to think of Iris. She was nothing but a weak woman, who couldn’t even protect herself, let alone the Blue Moon pack. 
Just like how the Howling Wolf pack people had been disappointed to have Iris as their luna and how just seeing her triggered some dreadful memories of what her father had done to them. 
The Blue Moon pack members were not happy to have her as their luna either, since she didn’t do anything for her own pack. She literally handed over the pack to Cane on a silver plate and they felt so sick to see how the two of them showed affection here and there. Even their relationship seemed to be doing really well recently. 
"Redmond, come. Come with me. We can revive the glory of the Blue Moon pack. We have the King behind our back," Lyle said gently, trying to persuade Redmond, because he knew this was what he wanted. 
Redmond was a loyal dog. His loyalty shouldn’t be questioned, though he appeared so careless and reckless, but because Iris was the last hope for the Blue Moon pack, he was stuck with her. 
As it turned out, that runt was nothing, that stupid woman was drunk by the affection that alpha showed her. 
"Together, we can revive the glory of the Blue Moon pack and stop the Howling Wolf pack from extorting our mines and our people," Lyle then spoke again, this time, his voice was rather deep. "We have the King behind our back, there is nothing for you to stay in this pathetic pack! We can fight them all and we can win!" 
Jace frowned when he heard that. If he were Redmond, it would be the biggest temptation, since he knew Lyle only talked out loud what Redmond desired. 
He may have placed his loyalty in Iris, but Redmond saw her as the embodiment of the Blue Moon pack. 
This didn’t look good, especially when Redmond made a move. 
He actually walked toward Lyle! 
"Come here, Redmond." Lyle’s eyes lit up. "With the king backing us up, we can revive the Blue Moon pack in no time!" 
========================== 
Thick black wisp shrouded Cane, as this old man tried to extract the lycan out of him, but it was not as easy as taking a walk in the garden, especially when the cursed creature resisted to leave his vessel. 
Cane could feel the range of emotions from anger to disgust from Lu toward this old man. Sweat trickled down from his forehead when he used all of his power to get his hands on the lycan. 
Meanwhile, Lady Cyan was still sitting on the ground, watching how the black wisp grew bigger and thicker. Was that the lycan’s soul? Her father was trying to suck the lycan’s soul out? 
What would he do with it? Lady Cyan didn’t know what her father was planning with the lycan, but she was sure whatever it was, he did it for the revival of Decratic. 
"Arrghh!" Cane growled, as his eyes turned pure golden, the pain was almost unbearable and as his earlier battle with the royal warriors drained him, he couldn’t put up a decent fight.
###Chapter 472: HE IS NOT HER TYPE
Chapter 472: HE IS NOT HER TYPE
They could hear and see it. 
The two groups led by Ethan and Aliana could see the dark wisp, soaring high in the air from a certain spot in the deepest part of the mountain, following which they could hear Cane’s scream. They hastened their pace, panic shooting through their blood. It was not good news if their alpha was screaming like that. 
However, before they could reach Cane, they encountered a problem. 
Around fifteen beasts and five warriors from the Blue Moon pack stopped them, barricading their path. 
"What is the meaning of this?!" Ethan growled at one of the Blue Moon pack warriors. If he was not mistaken, his name should be Danny. "Move away!" 
Danny glared at Ethan. "How can you be here!?" 
The other Blue Moon pack warriors and the royal warriors had surrounded the Howling Wolf pack, so no one should be able to go out. 
They were here to prevent any news about what was happening in the mountains from leaking out and killing anyone who tried to reach the pack. So far, they found two people and killed them both, as per what they had been instructed. 
This group of warriors was also the warriors that Alpha Dristan’s personal warrior had mistaken as part of the Howling Wolf pack, as he was an outsider and couldn’t differentiate to which pack the warriors actually belonged. 
But aside from that, they also received another order to not step out of their spots right now. On no certain terms, should they leave their place. No matter what happened and what they heard. And so, they didn’t go check when they heard a great battle starting in the distance before the thick smell of blood filled the air. 
They were here to prevent someone from coming closer and now, he saw a bunch of young warriors and the Gamma. 
"Scram!" Ethan barked at them. 
Meanwhile Joel, in his beast’s form, was ready to charge forward, despite knowing those beasts in front of him were battle hardened warriors, who survived the war against the Howling Wolf pack a year ago. His young blood boiled, as he wanted to reach his alpha and luna as soon as possible. 
"Or what?" Danny tilted his head. It was very obvious he was trying to delay Ethan and provoke him, while his men searched for other warriors who might have come with this gamma. They learned a trick or two about their strategies after one year under their oppression. "Do you want to fight us? With your puppies? Don’t you feel ashamed for bringing these children here?" He taunted. 
"No! Step back!" Ethan growled when one of the young beasts was about to attack, if one went ahead, the rest would follow, as he could feel their impatience. They were still so young and immature, and were also easily provoked. 
Thankfully, they still listened to him and aside from growling viciously, they didn’t make any move. 
Damn it! 
"Did you bring them here for sightseeing?" Danny tilted his head and smirked. "Don’t you want to know why we can shift into our beast, despite consuming Rottingbane? Don’t you want to know about that?" 
Ethan was silent, he didn’t say anything, as he threw a dagger look at Danny. 
"What? You lost your tongue? We should have killed you all when you were still slaves!" Danny spit out, but then the next thing he said got on Ethan’s nerves. "Should we invite those savages again when your poor pack falls into our hands again?" 
Ethan saw red when he got reminded about that. His whole body started trembling and his claws emerged from the tips of his fingers. He fought himself from shifting into his beast and pulling out this fucking warrior’s tongue out of his mouth. 
But, weirdly enough, Ethan could hold back his anger and keep his temper in check. 
But right at that time, one of the beasts from the Blue Moon pack howled in the distance, but the howl was cut short, as the silence returned. 
"Damn it!" Danny cursed under his breath and looked over to Ethan, who was giving him a smirk full of disdain. 
Aliana managed to bring her group to move forward, now it was Ethan’s part to keep these fucking warriors from going after them. 
"Boys, it is an honor to fight alongside you all." Ethan then shifted into his beast form and charged forward with Joel by his side. He moved so fast, even Danny had no time to shift into his beast form, while the young warriors ran rampant, following the command of the Gamma. 
============================= 
’Damn it! Your body is so weak!’ 
Cane could hear the lycan’s voice in his head when the black wisp blanketed a large area in this mountain. If this black wisp was Lu’s soul, Cane thought it could cover the entire mountain. 
In that case, it was not a matter of whether that old man could extract the lycan out of his body, but it was a matter of how much strength would he have to muster to complete his mission. 
Cane didn’t think this old dark sorcerer would be able to accomplish it, thus he waited for the right time to attack, for him to deplete his own power. 
Lu, obviously, didn’t make things easy for him. This creature was extremely stubborn and annoying, but for some odd reason, Cane felt better knowing that. 
’I don’t want to hear something like that from a soul that has been leeching off of me,’ Cane retorted. 
Somehow, at some point, he could feel Lu’s emotions clearer, where he could differentiate his feelings and his own undoubtedly, until he could hear his voice in his head. 
What this old dark sorcerer was doing right now, somehow, had blurred the barrier between Cane’s consciousness and the lycan’s. 
’Say that again and I am going to kill you!’ 
’And then what? Are you going to leech on that old sorcerer?’ 
’Ugh!’ 
Cane could feel Lu’s disgust toward the old man before them. 
’He is not my sweet moon’s type.’
###Chapter 473: UNREST
Chapter 473: UNREST
’He is not my sweet moon’s type.’ 
Once again, Lu irked Cane with his comment. It disgusted the Alpha that this cursed creature actually gave his mate a pet name. 
However, this was not the right time for that, since Cane could see how the dark wisp had covered the sky and it almost felt like the day had turned night from all the darkness. 
How long would it last? Cane groaned because Lu chose to lay dormant at a time like this. He was not sure why the lycan pulled back when this old man told him to do so. 
Because of the darkness, the forest had turned very eerie, it was exceptionally quiet, as if everything went still and the time stopped ticking. 
’Don’t you intend to do something?’ Cane asked. It would take forever if he had to wait until that dark sorcerer drained all of his power in order to try to extract Lu from him. He needed to find Iris, though she was with those four warriors, it still didn’t sit well with Cane to not be close with her. 
’I am doing something,’ Lu said simply. 
’I will not tell you.’ If he had not been just a soul without a body, onr would have been able to see the smug look on his face. ’It will be fun...’ 
============================= 
Aliana fought at least three beasts at the same time, while the other seven young beasts took one of the warriors that chased after them. 
There were around eleven to twelve Blue Moon warriors that managed to catch up to them.
’Damn it! What is Ethan doing? Why are there so many beasts that managed to catch up to us?!’ Aliana thought to herself, irritated, but in truth, she was worried something really bad happened to the Gamma. 
Or did the Blue Moon warriors also split into two groups, just like them to take precaution? After all, they had learned a thing or two about their strategies. 
It was pretty obvious how the young beasts lacked fighting experience, as it didn’t take long for them to be overwhelmed, but they didn’t back down at all. They were snarling and growling at their opponents, who had bigger bodies than them. 
Not to mention they were at an advantage, since they could communicate with each other through mindlink, which was something that the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack couldn’t do, so their attack was way more coordinated. 
Blood was everywhere and with the sky covered by dark wisp, the fight looked even more vicious with the thick smell of blood in the air. 
Two young beasts had died and three of the Blue Moon pack’s warriors lost their lives in Haco’s hands, while the others were still fighting their attackers. 
The sorcerer looked so distraught to see this dark wisp, as he was torn between staying behind to help them all in this fight and rushing toward Cane, the source of this dark wisp. 
However, he couldn’t use all the magic stones he had, since he would be useless without them, even if he could reach Cane. Without his power, he was only an ordinary human. As a magic user, they were very dependent on magic stones and this was one of their setbacks. They didn’t have unlimited power, unlike the ones with divine power, which only belonged to the Serafim. 
"Damn it! Can’t they just die?!" Haco was frustrated. He used too much of his magic stones in this battle to help, thus soon, he would be rendered useless. 
One of the young warriors with blood coating his fur came to him and bit his hand lightly, as if telling him to follow him. 
"What about the others?!" Haco was frustrated, yet the young beast was persistent for him to detach himself from this battle. 
Thinking they could handle the rest of the attackers and right now Cane’s matter regarding this black wisp was way more urgent, Haco followed the young beast to get away from there. 
He knew it must be the lycan. Something must have happened to the lycan and Haco dreaded thinking the worst. 
"Hey... don’t run too fast... I am too old... to sprint with you..." Haco was panting, he felt so exhausted, his old body had only gotten more and more weaker. 
He hated to admit it, but it seemed what the lycan said was right, he didn’t have a long time left, since the cursed creature was no longer part of him. 
"Boy, slow down... I can’t run as fast as you... I am so old for this..." 
The young beast stopped, whimpering, as he looked around in frustration, worried their attackers would catch up to them. He knew he was not the best warrior out there and he was barely able to defend himself against his attackers. 
The young beast nudged Haco’s hip, gesturing for him to ride him. 
"No way... you are drenched in blood." Yet, Haco changed his mind immediately when this young beast growled, irritated. "Okay, okay." 
Carrying someone in their beast form meant the beast had complete trust in the other person, since they would be in a vulnerable state as they would expose their neck to someone else, since the beast allowed them to wrap their arms around their neck. It was a forbidden gesture, almost like a sin for a shifter. 
Clumsily, Haco climbed the beast’s back and grimaced when his fur felt slippery from all the blood. 
============================= 
"What are you staring at?" A young man, who looked so refined, approached a young woman, who had been staring at the sky in the distance. Today was a bright day and the sunlight was scorching hot, yet this young woman didn’t seem to care much about that. 
"Something is going on in this continent, I can feel it," she said in a small voice. Her hair fluttered in the wind, a bright color of red and she looked so pale. 
"You need to come inside, this sea wind is not good for your body," he said, a thick concern laced in his voice. 
The two of them were standing on the deck of the vessel, which had carried them across the sea for a week now. They would arrive in the Ogregon Continent soon. 
"You shouldn’t have come personally here, you know." He took her hand and despite his rough appearance with the huge sword on his hip and the armor that covered his body, he was extremely gentle with her. He touched her carefully, as if she would break, if he was not being careful enough. "You could have sent one of us to deal with this mess." 
The young woman smiled warmly. "You don’t need to worry. After all, I have done nothing since I got this title," she said, but her blue eyes dimmed when she continued. "I am the weakest Serafim in history. I have not yet accomplished anything." 
"Stop saying that, Abby," the young man looked dissatisfied with her statement. He would only call her by her name when it was only the two of them, otherwise, it would be counted as him being disrespectful. "You are sick, no one should complain about that." 
"I feel like being sick is one of my favorite excuses," she mumbled under her breath. She had heard that for as long as she could remember and she grew sick of it too. 
"Don’t think too much and rest, we will arrive soon. You need to take care of your body," he said gently. He led her to her bedroom. 
"Okay..." Abby nodded weakly, but once it was only the two of them inside the room, she turned around and wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed his lips. 
"Abby!" He called her name with a mixture of warning and helplessness. "There are so many people on this ship." 
"But, it’s only the two of us inside this room, Liam," Abby retorted and then frowned. "You don’t want to?" 
Liam gritted his teeth. He knew it was forbidden for them to have this sinful relationship, if someone learned about this, they would be separated and obviously, there would be no chance for them to ever meet with each other again. 
But... 
"You know I always want you, Abby..." Liam sighed and kissed her back. 
=============================== 
There were countless eyes that watched how everything unfolded so quickly. They didn’t have time to react, nor did they see this coming. 
At first, they thought Redmond would go with the warrior from his pack, betray the Howling Wolf pack and Jace was ready to put the blame on himself for he trusted Redmond so much, especially after he hugged it out with Lyle and the other warrior looked so happy to accept his commander back. 
However, the next thing that happened was unthinkable, because once Lyle turned around and had his back to Redmond, the latter pierced his back with his claws and crushed his heart, before he pulled his back bone out of his body. 
The force must be so great and not everyone could do such horrifying things like Redmond could. Hell, even Jace didn’t know how to do such a brutal thing to his opponent. 
Within a second, Lyle’s body went limp and he dropped dead to the ground, while Redmond had his spine in his hand. He stared down disdainfully at his ex second in command. 
"I told you not to turn your back against your opponent. You never listen." 
And that was the cue to start the unrest, as the royal warriors led the rest of the Blue Moon pack warriors to charge forward, while Redmond was still standing so close to their enemy.
###Chapter 474: UNREST (2)
Chapter 474: UNREST (2)
After killing the traitor, Redmond didn’t immediately go back to the safety of the fortress, instead, he shifted into his beast and charged forward. 
Damn those people who had betrayed him and even entertained the idea of sneaking behind his back. They thought they could corner him into agreeing to something that they hid from him in the first place. 
They didn’t heed his words at all by joining Lyle in this messed up campaign with the royal warriors. 
"Damn it!" Jace growled loudly when he watched how Redmond started to attack those beasts that came at him. Pure anger radiated through his whole body, as he didn’t back down at all, though he was alone at the frontlines. "Is he on a suicide mission?!" 
Jace saw his reckless action as stupidity, but there was no way he would let that mad warrior fight this battle alone, as he jumped down from the fortress and landed in his beast form. He charged forward as well to assist Redmond, while the rest of the Howling Wolf warriors followed him. 
Many of them jumped from the fortress and landed in their beast forms. They used the momentum to speed toward the battle that was going to happen. This was unavoidable. 
Thankfully, what Redmond did had declined their morale and they were a little bit wary of him, as he fought three beasts at the same time. He became the commander of the Blue Moon warriors not for nothing, for he lived up to his title. 
He was furious and felt so betrayed. 
========================= 
"Father..." Lady Cyan called him. She looked helpless, like a little child, who yearned for a little bit of attention from their parents. "Father... we need to go... we need to leave this place, this doesn’t look good." 
Lady Cyan was scared of her surroundings. She looked around and felt this dreadful feeling creep into her chest as this black wisp looked like a bad omen for her. She bit her lip to suppress her fear. 
"Let’s find the woman... I think his mate is more valuable," she said in a small voice, trying to give her opinion on this matter. She had not yet explained to her father about what happened and how Iris had resisted her curse, but her father simply didn’t want to listen to her, as he deemed his useless daughter’s opinion second best to the matter at hand. 
"Shut your fucking mouth!" He hollered at his daughter, which made Lady Cyan flinch. She was no longer a child, she had power of her own in her hands, but still, she feared her father the most. "You are the one who has created this mess! Useless!" 
Lady Cyan lowered her head, she balled her fists tightly beside her body, as she said nothing. 
Meanwhile, her father looked like he was going to collapse anytime soon. He looked so pale, as a result of how much he forced himself to keep going, though his power depleted rapidly. 
On the other hand, Cane was still in the same position. He fixed his eyes on the dark sorcerer, but he would occasionally glance at Lady Cyan and the King, who had been forgotten during this whole ordeal. He looked like an odd ornament in the middle of this mess, since he didn’t do anything and was still sitting on his horse, which was exceptionally calm as well. 
"Kill him!" The dark sorcerer said through his gritted teeth. Killing the lycan’s vessel would weaken him as well, now the Alpha was barely able to sit straight. 
Lady Cyan was afraid, the magic that her father performed right now was on a whole different level from her own and she didn’t want to get caught in it. She didn’t dare to approach Cane, but she didn’t want to use magic on him either, since it could get tangled with the magic that her father was performing. 
"Kill him, you idiot! What are you waiting for? New year?!" The old man barked at her slowness. "Stupid! I can’t believe I have such a stupid daughter!" 
Afraid she would aggravate her father further, Lady Cyan then chose to use magic on Cane, as red wisp appeared from both of her palms and this alerted the Alpha. 
’If you have some idea, use it now.’ Cane communicated with the lycan in his head, as the creature had been busy entertaining himself, watching how this old man drained himself and his power. 
’Don’t order me around, I don’t like that!’ 
’Fine. See what Iris will do to you if I am dead.’ 
The lycan growled and Cane could feel this strange frustration creep in, a mixture of emotions that did not belong to him. 
Now the Alpha got his tail, he knew how to control this beast, though it irritated him to use his mate in this kind of negotiation. It irked him to no end when Lu’s emotions flooded whenever he mentioned Iris. 
Probably, letting that old dark sorcerer extract this annoying lycan would be the best option. Oddly, the lycan thought the same thing, probably letting this ugly lady kill his vessel would get him free access to Cane’s body forever without any restriction. 
Yet, despite what they were thinking about each other, they were still on the same page regarding this whole ordeal. 
Right at that moment, Lady Cyan directed the red wisp that appeared from her palms toward Cane and it was obvious, whatever the effect that would happen after being hit by it, it wouldn’t be good. 
At the same time, the black wisp engulfed Cane’s body and deflected the red wisp. 
Cane paid close attention to what this lycan could do and what kind of power that he held, since he had been leeching off of him and demanded so many things, he couldn’t possibly let him do that for free.
’Can I control the black wisp?’ 
’Not telling you.’ 
Cane didn’t need to, since he experimented on it by himself. Because the barrier between him and the lycan had faded significantly and their consciousness were so strong, as they could hear each other and Lu’s feeling flooded over him way more clearer than before, it was possible to be able to control this wisp. 
’If the black wisp is your soul, when it suddenly appeared in the past, what does that mean?’ Cane asked, all of a sudden, this question came to his mind, as a realization made him frown. 
’Not telling you.’ 
Cane narrowed his eyes when Lady Cyan doubled her efforts to go through the black wisp that protected Cane. This black wisp was strong. 
’Did it appear because you wanted to see Iris?’ 
’What’s wrong with wanting to see my own mate?’ Lu retorted defensively. 
If Lu was in any shape or form, Cane would have beaten him up so badly. He remembered how he feared the black wisp might appear when he was not with Iris and raked his brains to think of the reason why it happened, but when he heard the answer he really wanted to know, he felt so mad. 
For Lu, it was only a playful thing, where he wanted his mate’s attention, but for Cane that was a big deal, since the black wisp would appear randomly. He could expose himself as the lycan at that time, especially if it appeared in front of so many people or on an important occasion. 
The risk would be so great if Cane was exposed, but for Lu, it was nothing, since all he wanted was his mate. 
Enraged and annoyed, somehow, Cane got a grip of the black wisp and wrapped it around Lady Cyan’s body. 
The lady looked terrified. "Father!" She screamed, afraid when her vision turned blurry and everything became so dark. She couldn’t see anything. 
On the other hand, not so far from there, Haco and the young beast were fighting a Blue Moon pack warrior, who managed to race toward them, breaking through Ethan and Aliana’s layers of defense. 
Thankfully, Haco was there and killed their opponent, as the young beast was too exhausted from carrying the old sorcerer on his back to fight a fully grown up, battle hardened warrior. 
However, Haco’s power was depleted greatly. The young warrior shifted back into his human form, his body limping, as he fell face first. 
"Boy!" Haco immediately approached the young man, who looked no older than sixteen years old. His young face was covered in blood, so was his body, with three big and deep claw marks on his back, oozing out blood. 
"Sir, I can’t carry you... but, I can sense the Alpha is so close... you need to hurry to him," he said in a weak voice, as his eyelids fluttered, he felt exhausted and sleepy. 
"No, no, no, no!" Haco was frantic. "Don’t sleep, don’t close your eyes! Damn it! Damn it!" He was not a healer, he wouldn’t be able to make him heal faster before he lost too much blood. "What to do, what to do?!" He wanted to use his magic, but all he knew was to add more pain to someone, instead of healing them. 
"Sir, go..." 
"Oh! Don’t you dare die on me!" This boy was so young, but he fought bravely. 
His eyes fluttered sleepily, but he grabbed Haco’s sleeve and spoke softly. "I have a little sister in the orphanage... tell her I am not going to see her soon, tell her I am on an important mission... tell her I am a brave warrior and... I am entrusted with an important mission..." his voice became weaker and weaker. 
"You are a brave warrior, your sister will be proud of you."
###Chapter 475: I ONLY WANT TO HEAR HIS VOICE
Chapter 475: I ONLY WANT TO HEAR HIS VOICE
Haco held this young boy’s hand, as he kept mumbling things about his sister incoherently. It seemed, she was the only person that he cared and worried about the most, even in his last breath. 
"Don’t worry, young man, I will look after your sister, you can rest now," Haco said in a comforting tone, patting his shoulder to ease him. "I will tell your sister how brave you are, you can go on your long mission now." 
With that, the young warrior’s breathing became even and gradually, he breathed his last, while Haco held his hand. 
Though his life was so short and he was so much worried about his little sister, Haco was there to make sure he didn’t die alone and he knew that his sister would be taken care of. 
Haco felt so helpless. He should have killed the beast sooner, but their enemy moved so fast and he couldn’t keep up with his movements, especially when he felt like he grew weaker and weaker by the day. 
The old sorcerer used to live on his own, thus to have this kind of attachment to someone else made him realize how lonely and alone his life had been in the past five decades. It didn’t mean he regretted it, but it showed him how to be human again and have someone to care for. 
Haco took off his cloak and put it on his body, before he continued to walk ahead and find Cane. He suppressed his sadness. 
In the end, there was nothing he could do to change the outcome. This young warrior fought bravely. He deserved so much more, so did those people, who died in battles. 
With difficulty, Haco moved closer toward the source where this black wisp appeared, and he saw a person he thought he would never see again there. 
"Zeke?" Haco called his name in disbelief, but his voice was too weak and this person was too preoccupied in performing his dark magic on the Alpha to be able to notice his presence. 
Zeke was his senior in the Holy Kingdom when Haco was still a sorcerer there. They were so close at that time, as they became like brothers to each other. 
More than fifty years had passed now and their appearances had changed, but Haco still managed to recognize him at a glance. 
Never in his wildest imagination did he think Zeke would become a dark sorcerer. He was the most brilliant young sorcerer at that time and it was an honor for Haco to be close to him. 
Too shocked to react, Haco didn’t get to his task immediately, as he stared at his senior in the distance, while the Alpha was still kneeling on the ground not too far. 
Right at that time, all of them were startled when they heard the loud sound of footsteps in the distance. From the sound of it, you could tell, there were more than five creatures that dashed toward this direction. Their heavy footsteps also disclosed that they were not just any ordinary creatures, as the ground literally started shaking. 
They were most likely monsters, but of course, not the small ones.... 
"Oh, shit! What now?!" Haco cursed under his breath when he watched the vague figures of Geromine and Vermeyes among the trees, as the latter’s head appeared on top of the trees in the midst of the black wisp. "Shit! Shit!" 
Haco immediately rushed toward Cane and performed his own magic. He pushed back the thousands of questions in his mind about the reason why Zeke was here and what he was doing to Cane. Did he know about the lycan in him? 
================================== 
Iris felt like she lived in flashes of memories, as she walked through one after another, she felt like she revived some lost memories she had never had. 
"Serafim... how can you do that?" Rei was in disbelief, he looked at the woman in front of him and was not sure how to feel and what to do upon hearing the revelation from her. "You shouldn’t have done that... you know that’s against nature." 
Na lowered her head, she was so ashamed of her actions, she didn’t dare to look Rei in the eyes. Tears streamed down her face and the sight made Rei feel even more helpless, as he felt his heart soften. 
"You actually created a chance for Decratic to revive, you know that, right?"
"I know." Na’s voice was so low, it sounded like a whisper, but in this empty room, with only the two of them, it was loud and clear enough for Rei to understand what kind of great offense the Serafim had committed. 
"Na, you know that after what you have done, there will be other Serafims that appear, until Decratic is destroyed completely, only then the cycle will stop." Rei only wanted to make sure that she understood the consequences of her actions. 
"I know." Na’s voice was shaking. 
"The Serafim that comes after you will not be as powerful as you, Na... you know that." 
Na nodded, she felt even more ashamed and guilty when Rei clearly stated the consequences of her reckless and impulsive decision. 
"In that case, how can the future Serafims destroy the Decratic?" Rei looked helpless and frustrated, he wanted to hug her tightly to ease her pain, but it was not appropriate for him to do so. He cared for her more than anything else in this world, more than the Holy Kingdom itself. 
He would be more than willing to go to hell if that was her order. 
This level of loyalty was something that Na could really get from him, that was why she confessed this deepest and darkest action that she had ever done as a Serafim to him. She didn’t have the strength to bear it alone. 
"Why are you putting yourself in this situation?" 
"I want to hear his voice. I only want to hear his voice..."
###Chapter 476: AWESOME
Chapter 476: AWESOME
"I want to hear his voice. I only want to hear his voice..." 
Na knew the reason she had sounded so absurd and didn’t make any sense at all. It wasn’t even worth the trouble that she created for this whole realm by not destroying Decratic completely, to give that evil soul a chance to be revived again, only for her selfish and foolish wish to be able to see her loved one once again. 
Since her and Decratic’s existences were tied together, if there was still a chance for the latter to be revived, so was for the former. 
"I have known since the very beginning that the lycan is bad news for you," Rei said through his gritted teeth. He didn’t like the lycan, but he couldn’t do anything since Na looked so happy whenever she was with him, she looked so radiant and even more beautiful than she already was. 
It almost looked like there was a whole starry sky in her eyes whenever she looked at that cursed creature. 
Rei knew he had to stop her. He should have stopped her before it had been too late and the lycan affected her, but he had never thought the effect of that lycan would be so great on Na. 
She literally took the risk of the world being destroyed, just for what? To hear his voice? To meet with him one more time? That was a measly excuse and wasn’t worth the risk at all. 
However, at this point, that was absolutely not how Na felt about it. She was desperate and heartbroken, which led to the decline of her health, especially since she lost so much of her energy after a harsh war against Decratic. 
It killed Rei to watch her die a little bit inside every second of her existence. 
"If the time could be reversed and I have an option to choose not to meet with Lu, I will not take that." Na lifted her head and looked at Rei through her tears. "I am willing to go through hell just to meet with him again." 
"NA!" Rei grabbed her shoulders and shook her weak body. "You are the Serafim! You shouldn’t have such feelings! Your heart should be pure and he introduced you to hatred, anger, vengeance and all the negative feelings you shouldn’t have!" 
Na smiled sadly. Rei was right, as the Serafim, she shouldn’t have those kinds of feelings. "But, he made me happy." In her bland life, where she was demanded to be a forgiving person and not allowed to get angry no matter what, Lu was full of emotions. 
He was like a batch of fireworks in the bland and calm night sky. Before Na could realize, she was drawn to his flames that burned so brightly. It was so fascinating to see how free his emotions were. 
This feeling was something that no one could understand, nor could they give to her, since they respected her so much, it felt like a burden for Na. 
"He turned you into someone that I don’t know," Rei said viciously, he let go of her shoulders, as if his palms were on fire. 
"Maybe, you don’t know me to begin with," Na replied. She stared at Rei’s green eyes, the color was so beautiful, like moss, but right now those eyes were so dim. "The whole Serafim thing burdens me, Rei. I want to be treated normally and live a normal life..." 
Rei’s jaw clenched tightly, his golden hair shone brightly under the light. Na complimented his hair color the first time they met. 
"You need to rest, Serafim. This whole thing must have taken a toll on you." 
Na looked so disappointed to hear that, she pressed her lips tightly and the silence that descended inside this room was so suffocating. 
"You have never seen me for who I am." 
Rei narrowed his eyes and then what happened next was something that Na didn’t expect at all. Her protector actually leaned over and pressed his lips against hers. It lasted only for a brief second before he pulled himself back again. 
"I am afraid, you will not like it if I see you without the Serafim’s halo." 
And after saying that, Rei left. His steps were so light like feathers. He looked like floating instead of walking. 
Rei was the Serafim’s only protector, her shadow protector, the only person, who was responsible for her safety and wellbeing, someone who would throw himself into fire without a second thought just to save her. 
But for Rei, Serafim or not, he would go through hell for Na... 
And that was the last memory that was shown to Iris. 
============================ 
Cane watched countless beasts surrounding them and this forced Zeke to stop performing his dark magic in order to extract the lycan out of Cane’s body. 
’Say hi to my old friends for me,’ the lycan said cheerfully and only then Cane realized Haco was standing behind him, creating a barrier around them to protect them from the monsters. 
"Cane! Get up! We need to get out of here! The barrier will not last for long, I have used too many magic stones on my way here!" Haco said frantically when the monsters started to attack them. 
Lady Cyan and Zeke were busy protecting themselves. They even forgot about the existence of the King, as it didn’t take long for those vicious monsters to tear him apart, but even on the brink of death, Aeon’s expression remained the same. No scream or noise came from him when his chest was ripped apart, or even when his limbs and the other parts of his body got mutilated. 
The monsters literally shredded him apart. 
’Great! Tear him up! Rip him up! Don’t let that stupid creature reproduce again!’ Lu was so cheerful to witness everything that unfolded there. 
Yet, Cane sensed something else about this whole situation. ’Is it you? Who summoned those monsters?’ He could feel Lu’s smugness roll over his whole body. 
’My power is awesome, right!?’
###Chapter 477: NEW MOON
Chapter 477: NEW MOON
"Father! I can’t see anything!" Lady Cyan was frightened by the darkness that engulfed her, as black wisp entered her mouth and ears. 
She dropped to her knees and then sobbed, while still trying to defend the barrier that they had created earlier to prevent themselves from being shredded by the monsters like the King. 
"Father! I can’t see anything! What happened to me?!" Panic washed over her whole being, as her whole body kept trembling. 
"Shut up! Shut up!" Zeke barked at his daughter. He felt like she was a huge burden now, he hated when his people showed weakness. "Shut up or I will be the one who will kill you!" 
This was not the first time for Cyan to hear her father talk to her harshly and curse without any scrupulousness. 
Therefore, she knew better not to make him even more upset than he already was. 
Biting her tongue, Cyan continued to strengthen their protection blindly, while her father tried to kill the monsters that threatened to break their barrier. 
On the other hand, probably, for the first time in his life, Cane couldn’t care less about the monsters that surrounded them, as his mind was preoccupied by another matter. 
It was the lycan. All this time, it was this cursed creature that had summoned those monsters every now and then. 
When Cane shifted into his lycan for the first time, he ran to the Goffa mountain and stayed away from people, as the lycan let loose and killed a few monsters that he could find. 
But when Cane had taken over the Blue Moon pack, Iris was there, and he realized the pain decreased significantly because of her presence, but because of what he did to her later, on the second new moon, Cane was alone again, while the third time, the monsters broke through their defenses and harmed a lot of people. 
’It was you all this time.’ 
’Nah. Don’t put the blame on me completely, it was not always me.’ 
Cane ignored that part. ’You let those monsters go on a rampage.’ 
’You are not a magic user, your body is not ideal for my power. It’s a little bit hard for me to control it.’ 
Cane was silent after hearing that and it cleared something in his head. ’You were the one, who had summoned the monsters in the palace.’ 
Lu scoffed. ’You can’t put the blame on me completely, shifter. Someone else opened a portal to let the monsters come through, I just helped them make things more exciting.’ 
Cane seemed to understand who that person Lu was talking about. Knowing that merchant’s personality and what Iris said about him being a magic user, it was not hard to guess after what Lu revealed. 
Meanwhile, Haco was having a hard time putting a barrier around them, he also watched in horror when the King met his demise in such a brutal way. 
"Cane... the King is dead..." His eyes widened, as fear crept in because he could sense the ominous danger in the future. The King was dead in the Howling Wolf pack’s territory. What would Cane do to fix such a huge problem? "Cane... what are you going to do?" Haco was frightened for their future, if they had any after this... 
"You can’t revive him, let him stay dead." 
Haco frowned and glanced at Cane, as he caught his golden eyes. He only wanted to make sure that he was talking with Cane and not to Lu. 
It seemed, the lycan’s sardonic personality rubbed off on the Alpha a little bit. 
"I hope you have a great, great, great plan to explain the death of the King in your territory and how his mistress actually turns out to be a dark sorcerer." Haco didn’t realize it in the beginning, but it seemed Lady Cyan was Zeke’s daughter after seeing the similarity between them. He cursed himself for not realizing it soon, but then, how would he know about that? 
Cane didn’t plan to kill Aeon in this way, but after the King learned about the lycan and how he was actually controlled by Lady Cyan, Aeon no longer held value in Cane’s eyes, because the real threat here was from those father and daughter before him. 
With how everything had turned out, Aeon was not a problem, he was only a puppet. After all, Cane didn’t intend to let anyone who learned about the lycan out of this mountain with their lives intact. 
Cane also was not really worried about Iris, since she was not too far and he could still sense her scent. She was still with the other four warriors, whom he would deal with later. 
"Father, we need to leave," Lady Cyan said through her gritted teeth. She was having a hard time keeping the barrier intact. She had encountered monsters only a handful of times and all those times, she had the royal guards deal with these nasty creatures. 
Zeke growled dangerously. He didn’t want to leave. He wanted to take that lycan with him. He would be the perfect offering for his master. 
However, his daughter was right, these monsters were too strong, still, he didn’t want to budge. His eyes stayed fixed on Cane greedily. He had been wanting to get his hands on this lycan for so long. 
He didn’t even recognize Haco as one of his juniors from decades ago. Someone that he had tricked into getting to the shrine of the lycan. 
A little bit far from them, the four warriors were on alert when a horde of monsters swarmed a large area of the mountain, while the ominous dark wisp still hung above their heads. 
"What is actually going on?" Oliver couldn’t comprehend the situation, he couldn’t wrap his head around the fact their alpha was actually the lycan. He was still hung up on that revelation and now these monsters. 
Thankfully, none of the monsters came running in their direction, as they hid inside a small cave, a little bit higher from the ground. And from this vantage point, they could see everything a little bit clearly. Though the black wisp still obstructed most of his vision, he could still see Haco putting a barrier around him and the Alpha, who had shifted back into his human form. 
Dyne and Oliver were in their beast form, so they could act fast if there was any danger coming toward them, while Eron was taking care of Iris. She was still unconscious after whatever thing that Lady Cyan had done to her. Her face was pale and she was sweating, despite her body being so cold. 
Meanwhile, Alpha Dristan’s mistress was sitting in a corner of the cave, curling herself, trembling in fear. She was too shocked to speak and despite all the torture she had gone through, she had never been so scared for her life like right now. 
"We need to go back to the pack," Eron said, he tried to wipe Iris’ sweat with his cloak, but then stopped short seeing his cloak was so dirty. He didn’t want to use it on her. 
"I don’t think the pack is safe," Oliver said. He frowned. 
"What do you mean?" Eron growled, he didn’t want to hear about another trouble when they had already had enough. All of them were still shaken seeing what had happened, especially about the fact their alpha was a lycan. 
Did he get cursed when he tried to save Iris? Was that the reason why he could shift into a lycan? They were not even sure how this lycan thing worked and how one could become a lycan. 
"If the King has planned this whole thing out, do you think our pack will be spared?" Oliver hated the idea and he wished he was wrong, even if he was right, he prayed Jace could do whatever he needed to protect their pack and their people. 
Silence descended in that small cave, while the monsters were still running rampant below them. 
To their surprise and utter disbelief, the monsters kept coming, as if they were being led to come to this place and the three magic users showed their greatest powers to be able to stand for so long against their vicious force. 
Things lasted until the sun went down and the night came. Tonight was a new moon and those people, who knew about Cane and the lycan, completely forgot about this fact, so did the Alpha himself. 
Cane looked up to the sky and felt a surge of energy course through his blood, as the lycan became stronger and pushed him down once again. Lu resurfaced and at the same time, Iris finally opened her eyes. 
"Luna Iris!" Eron exclaimed in joy, a hint of worry evident in his voice. He looked relieved to see Iris finally regain her consciousness.
Meanwhile, Dean and Dyne shifted back into their human form and approached Iris along with Oliver. 
"How are you feeling, Luna? Do you feel any pain?" Eron asked worriedly. If it was not the Luna, he would check her himself, but thankfully, he knew better than to touch her. 
Iris blinked her eyes and looked around. It was not so dark here, but one thing that Iris realized was; she was no longer as afraid as usual and somehow, this darkness was so comforting. It was a weird feeling for someone who had been traumatized by dark places all their life. 
"Where is Cane?" Iris asked, while Eron helped her to sit down and gave her a waterskin, so she could drink some water. 
It was Oliver, who came to her with a stern look on his face.
###Chapter 478: NEW MOON (2)
Chapter 478: NEW MOON (2)
Iris thought she would find herself in another memory of the first Serafim again, but when she saw Eron, she knew the long dream had ended and with this newly found knowledge about the past, she felt so dispirited, as Na’s sadness and helplessness affected her so greatly. 
It was so crazy to think that the first Serafim, someone who should have protected this realm from Decratic, was actually the reason why the evil creature could be revived once again and bring the same chaos like what happened more than five hundred years ago over this realm. 
The story would repeat once again. 
"Luna, are you okay?" Eron helped her to sit down and this snapped Iris back to reality. 
She felt like she was still dreaming, since her dream felt so real and she knew what kind of consequences that Na must go through after her impulsive decision. Her sadness and longing for Lu was so clear, and those were the purest emotions that Iris had ever felt. 
No matter how ridiculous it sounded and how many hells she had to go through, she still wanted to meet Lu for one last time. 
But, all Iris had was only her memories and... her power? Iris was not sure about that. The connection she had with Na, was nothing like how the lycan attached his soul to Cane. 
"Where is Cane?" Iris asked, she shook her head to get her clarity back. 
"The Alpha is the lycan," Oliver said sternly. It was not a question, but a statement, his expression was so stern, you could see how he clenched his jaw uncomfortably, though the cave was so dim. "Do you know about that?" 
Iris remembered what happened before she fell unconscious, the lycan must have come out and they witnessed it with their own eyes. 
After what she did to Cane, it was not strange to see the lycan come out even if it was not the new moon. Somehow, she had disrupted the order. 
"Yes." Iris lifted her head and looked Oliver in the eyes, but when she wanted to say something again, she frowned. She could see it and it shocked her. 
Iris could see Oliver’s wolf spirit! 
She didn’t know how to do it before, but right now, it came to her naturally. As naturally as breathing. She looked around her and to her utter disbelief, she could see each of their wolf spirits. 
It was like a wisp that rested on their shoulders, in shapes and colors of their own beasts. As strange as it might be, Iris felt calm enough not to show any emotions on her face. She composed herself well for someone, who was overwhelmed by a lot of information at once. She felt like she was being drowned by the thousands of questions in her mind. 
On the other hand, hearing Iris’ confirmation, all of them gasped loudly, as they frowned their brows in disbelief. 
"No way..." Eron muttered. 
"The Alpha will explain more about it," Iris said and pushed herself off the ground, she wanted to see Cane. She wanted to make sure he was fine. 
The first Serafim’s emotions still lingered, thus Iris knew how much pain she would be in if something bad happened to Cane. 
Lu was strong enough to protect his vessel and that was the only comfort Iris had. 
"Luna, how long have you known about this?" Oliver asked. He grabbed Iris’ hand to stop her from leaving the cave, while the other three warriors were still reeling from that revelation. "What happened to Alpha Cane? Is it because he saved you before, he is cursed to be a lycan too?" 
In Oliver’s mind, the first lycan and Cane were two different entities and he still entertained the idea that the Alpha was actually cursed when he tried to save Iris when she was kidnapped by the lycan before. 
No. Now, Oliver thought about this, Iris had been kidnapped by the lycan twice. What did it mean? 
"The lycan you saw the first time it appeared in the Howling Wolf pack and the lycan in the rumors, also the lycan that appeared in the palace, all of them were the same. And it was Cane." Cane would explain this sooner or later, there was no way to hide this fact anymore. And also regarding what he would do to them... Iris just hoped they would accept this just like how Redmond and Grace did. 
"There is no way the Alpha is the lycan!" Oliver was still in denial. He didn’t want to accept that fact. That was not the truth and explanation he was looking for. 
"If you don’t want to believe me, no matter what I say will not have any effect on you," Iris said calmly, she looked so different, as if something had shifted inside her, becoming different from that timid luna they knew. "I am going to look for Cane, all of you can stay here if you want." 
This was not the time to ponder over that matter. They really needed to get their priorities straight. 
"Luna, I am going with you!" Eron said, as he stood up and rushed toward Iris’ side, so did Dyne. 
But, Dean and Oliver still stayed in their place. They still had not decided what they were going to do. 
"Luna Iris, how long have you known about this?" 
Iris turned around and stared Oliver right in his eyes, she could see his wolf spirit become restless, which meant he was having an internal turmoil between his mind and heart. 
The knowledge about it came naturally to Iris, as if she had studied about this somewhere. 
"I have known about this since the very beginning," Iris replied curtly. She knew it was not right to feel so petty for knowing something about Cane that they didn’t, especially when in their minds, they knew their alpha more than her, but she couldn’t help it. 
When Iris was about to walk away again, Oliver called for her one more time. "Were you the reason for the Alpha to become the lycan?" 
"I have nothing to do with that. Cane has been a lycan even before we met." Iris didn’t want to explain that part. She would let Cane decide how he wanted to tell the story.
But, because of the tension and how disoriented they were with this whole revelation, no one noticed how Iris interacted with Oliver without even turning her body around and reading his lips. 
Once Iris stepped outside, she could see that the dark wisp had covered the sky, but you could still see the bright moon through it, while the monsters ran rampant below them. 
"The Alpha is there, the sorcerer created a barrier around them. There are so many monsters, Luna, that’s why we can’t approach them to help. It will be dangerous if we..." Eron had not yet finished his sentence when Iris started walking in their direction. "Luna, it’s dangerous! There are so many monsters out there!" 
"It’s okay," Iris said calmly. "Can you help me get down? My dress makes it hard for me to climb down." 
Eron was stunned. Was this the same luna they had known? She actually wanted to go over to those monsters? Did she hurt her head so badly into thinking she could actually find even a goblin? 
"Luna! You can’t go over there!" Dyne said worriedly. "We don’t think we can protect you from those monsters! The Alpha will be so mad if something happens to you!" 
They refused to help Iris to climb down the hill and this made Iris very unhappy. 
=============================== 
"Something is completely wrong with your people!" Jace said to Redmond, as they shifted back into their human form to communicate, since it was hard for them to talk with each other when they were in their beast form. "There was no way they were this strong!" 
Redmond was irritated, on any other occasion, he would take offense when Jace said something that indicated his men were weak, but right now, he could only agree with the Beta. 
His men and the royal warriors were ridiculously strong. Whether it was their speed, their healing ability or their strength, they excelled in all aspects, making themselves look like new warriors that fought against the real ones. 
There were so many people who had died and it was only a matter of time before they could ransack the Howling Wolf pack and kill their pack members. 
Right now, all the people had been evacuated to a safe place, but Jace couldn’t find his sister and this bothered him. Aliana was in charge of evacuating the people in the orphanage. 
"Dark magic. I am sure it has something to do with dark magic," Redmond said. 
Having a long journey with Cane and being exposed to a lot of incidents involving dark magic that happened around that period of time, made him think about it the first thing Jace pointed out the obvious difference in strengths between them. 
"What do you mean?" 
"They shouldn’t be able to shift into their beasts if they consume Rottingbane regularly, but when they are not even able to shift into their beast, but still became so strong... it must have something to do with dark magic, you can’t rule out the possibility!" 
But right at that time, they could hear a long howl, followed by the others, it was a signal from the other warriors that their enemy managed to force themselves into their pack. 
And needless to say, there were so many of them, their number almost the same as in the beginning of the battle, as they were barely able to be killed.
###Chapter 479: A HORRENDOUS NIGHT
Chapter 479: A HORRENDOUS NIGHT
"Damn it! Damn it!" Jace growled when he heard the howling in the distance. He gritted his teeth and stared at the sky. It was a new moon. He was worried about Cane too and what was happening on his end, but right now, he couldn’t think about anything else, aside from ways to survive this battle. 
Those warriors were almost immortal! How could they not die? Unless they cut their heads off in one clean move or ripped their hearts out, they would heal so fast, even for a shifter, the speed of their healing was insane. 
In the distance, a warrior shifted back into his human form and approached Jace and Redmond hastily. His expression was one of sheer panic and mortification. "Beta Jace!" He called with a shaking voice. "The enemy has managed to break into the pack and now they are marching toward the pack house!" 
"What about the pack members, have they all been evacuated?" 
"Yes," he replied, but then he looked hesitant. 
"What is it? Do you still have time to be hesitant about saying something at a time like this?!" Redmond snapped, he was extremely agitated. He was so hurt by the betrayal, but to kill those people, who had fought beside him for decades still didn’t settle well with him either. 
However, the situation forced him to do so and he knew he was doing the right thing. He knew where he stood and he made it clear. 
The warrior glanced at Redmond and spoke with a little bit of hesitation. "I think your warriors know where the safe place is. It doesn’t matter even if we relocate the others. If they manage to kill us all, it will only be a matter of time before they find the rest of the pack members and slaughter them too." 
That was true. If their intention was to execute them, they wouldn’t spare a single soul and now with the Alpha away and the steady deaths on their part, their morale decreased significantly, though Jace tried to keep it up, it was clear to see how the Beta was also under a lot of distress. 
"The frontline warriors will not be able to hold them back if they are already inside the pack!" Redmond stated the obvious, and all of them could hear the loud sounds of battle moving closer rapidly. 
The air was filled with a thick metallic scent and the ground was covered with their decapitated bodies. They were going to be defeated if they couldn’t stop them soon, but then, there was nothing they could do to fight warriors who were hard to kill. 
"Pull back and strengthen the defense around the valley, we will defend the safe place!" Jace growled the order. There was no guarantee they would be able to save their pack members, nor did they have a chance to fight them off for long, since their numbers had decreased significantly. 
But at the very least, they had to try until the reinforcements came, if there was any, or until their last breath. 
"Yes, Beta!" The warriors immediately shifted back and rushed away to relay the order to the frontline warriors. 
After that, Jace sighed deeply. "Thank you for standing with us." He patted Redmond’s shoulder, but the warrior immediately swatted his hand away. 
"Don’t talk in that tone with me, you are jinxing me," he grumbled. "The battle is not over yet. There is still hope, let’s go!" 
The difference between Redmond and Jace was probably their alphas. 
While Cane would always be present for his pack members and lead them into whatever murky waters they were going through, boosting their morale with just his presence, Gerald was nothing like that to his warriors. He would prefer to hide and let himself be protected. 
Therefore, at times like this, Jace was a little bit down without Cane, so did the rest of the pack, especially with their constant loss, but it was not the same with Redmond. He was used to having a coward as an alpha, who would hide in the safe place and couldn’t care less about his people, so with or without the Alpha in the picture, he could keep his morale, even when the situation was not in their favor. 
Jace followed Redmond and shifted into his beast, as he led the warriors to rush back to the valley. This was their last chance and he prayed Will would arrive soon with the reinforcements. 
=============================== 
"Gamma Ethan... I can’t feel my legs..." Joel whimpered, tears pooled in his eyes and his bloody face looked panicked, but there was nothing he could do, except lie down on the hard ground. 
"It’s okay, Joel, it’s okay boy. You will be fine, you only need to rest and let your body heal, okay?" Ethan caressed his head. 
This young warrior had come between Ethan and a hard blow that their enemy launched. It was a sneak attack and Ethan didn’t realize it, being occupied by three other beasts. 
"Rest for a while, okay?" Ethan said in a comforting tone, he tried to focus on Joel and not look around, because he knew the sight would devastate him. 
"I am sleepy..." 
"It’s okay, you need to rest." 
Joel closed his eyes and Ethan clenched his jaw tightly, he glanced at Joel’s legs. Both of his legs were destroyed and he was afraid of the worst. Even if he survived, there was no way to save his legs and in that case, he would no longer be part of the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack, something he took so much pride in. 
"Rest well, boy, rest well... everything will be fine," Ethan chanted, as he took his hand and patted it. 
Of the eight young warriors Ethan brought with him, six died during the fight, but not before they killed at least one of their enemies. 
It would be seven if Joel didn’t survive this, while the other one was sitting at Joel’s side silently with his head hung low, while holding Joel’s other hand as tears fell from his eyes, but he didn’t make any noise. 
This young warrior was also covered in blood and wounds. 
It was a horrendous night... 
=================================== 
Eron and Dyne followed behind Iris, as they couldn’t let her go alone toward the horde of monsters, while Dean and Oliver walked ahead of them. 
They left Chrystal, the mistress of Alpha Dristan alone in the cave, because she was too afraid to step out of that place and probably it was for the best. All the monsters had gathered at one place, so there was no imminent danger she had to face if she stayed there. 
"What are you planning to do, Luna?" Dyne asked, he couldn’t stop frowning when he saw the black wisp. The holler of the monsters in the distance only added to the mess. 
Iris didn’t say anything, she kept walking with an expressionless face. She was deep in thought, as she recalled all the memories that were shown to her a few moments ago. Her dream was so real to be called a dream. 
It felt so long, she almost thought, she lived in a different era and had a completely different life there, where she watched how the first Serafim made one mistake after the other because she lost Lu.
###Chapter 480: THE FINAL SHOWDOWN
Chapter 480: THE FINAL SHOWDOWN
The Serafim was a holy creature, blessed with divine power, a power that only belonged to her. She was the embodiment of pureness and compassion, someone without any sense of hatred, or anger. 
But at the same time, she had a human heart, which brought about the contradiction to the purpose of her existence, and Na struggled to keep her heart pure after she met Lu. 
That cursed creature was so... lively. 
The way the lycan got angry on her behalf and felt upset, showing his emotions freely, which was something that a Serafim couldn’t do, was a comforting thing for Na in a twisted way. She lived through Lu emotionally, until she grew attached to him, so did the lycan. 
Thus, when she lost him, there was nothing that mattered in her eyes anymore. The pain was so great, she couldn’t endure it. 
Therefore, she used the forbidden magic, she divided her power and gave it to the five holy warriors, who would protect the next Serafim after her. Since Decratic was not completely destroyed, the cycle of the Serafims being born into this realm had started. 
This was the truth that no one knew aside from Na and Rei. People thought the Serafim existed to keep the balance and destroy black magic, but as it turned out, the cycle of the Serafims’ births was a result of Na’s selfish decision. 
While her divine power was divided into five parts, Na begged Rei to take the essence of her life before she died... 
And now, the essence of the first Serafim’s life was within Iris. It was not clear how she ended up with it, since the memory stopped when Rei took Na’s lifeforce. 
Iris stared at both of her hands. She had her essence, but she didn’t have all of her power. What she had was not complete. 
"How can you do that?!" Oliver was on alert when he saw how Iris’ hands exuded soft white light, as if she was holding luminous pearls in her hands. 
Iris lifted her head and looked at Oliver. "I don’t have time to explain this to you." Probably the right words were; she didn’t know how to or where to begin the explanation, since this was something that even Iris was still trying to wrap her head around. "We need to find Cane first." 
Oliver clenched his jaw and didn’t say anything anymore, while the rest didn’t dare to make a peep. The more they walked toward the horde of the monster, the more they could hear vicious growls and this dampened their spirits. 
Iris could see how their beasts became restless the closer they got to their destination as deafening roars filled the air. Iris felt a little bit of a headache to hear such clamorous sounds, since her life had been very quiet and these sudden sounds irritated her. 
"We can’t move further than this," Oliver said, as they hid themselves behind the trees. Because of the dark wisp, they could hide so easily. No one would pay close attention to where they were hiding, unless a monster came in their direction.
However, Iris didn’t feel the need to hide, as she walked ahead, emerging from the shadows of the trees before they could stop her. 
Before her eyes, she watched how the lycan was trying to destroy the barrier that was put up by Zeke and lady Cyan. You could see the crack of the barrier and it wouldn’t be long before the lycan managed to get a hold of them. 
Meanwhile, the monsters noticed her presence, but for some reason, they ignored her, as they continued to assault the barrier, along with the lycan. 
"Lu..." Iris called the lycan. It was a new moon, the time where the lycan’s blood grew stronger and Cane’s consciousness lay dormant. 
The lycan stopped his attempt and perked his ears when his red eyes found her. Meanwhile, Haco immediately rushed toward Iris’ side and tried to put a barrier around her, but he noticed something else, the glow on her hands. 
"Kill those people..." Iris said in a small voice. 
============================== 
The final showdown would be in this valley, where they had to take advantage of the terrain, because this was the only way for them to be able to fight off those warriors. Their only chance to survive. 
As the night grew deeper, their hopes faded away as well. They were hanging by a thread, even though there was no chance of survival. 
Their enemies were twice in number and strength compared to them and even though the warriors of the Red Claw pack that Alpha Dristan left behind had helped them, it was like a drop of water in the ocean... 
This was it. 
This would be the end of the Howling Wolf pack. They didn’t even know whether their alpha survived or not in the hands of the King. 
The battle had been happening since this morning and lasted for almost a day now, there was no chance for them to stand this final battle. They were too exhausted, while their opponents seemingly didn’t know the word tired at all. 
Jace and Redmond were in their beast form. They stood in front of the warriors, leading them in the frontlines and the Beta liked this warrior a little bit more now. 
Now he understood why Ethan trusted him and actually got along with him really well, despite the bickering here and there. 
It was unfortunate their time together was so short. It would be nice if they had a bit longer time to work together, to know each other more. 
And when the first beast from the royal warriors charged forward, it was the cue for the rest to follow him and Jace had prepared himself for the worst. He was determined to take on as many enemies as he could before they took himself down. 
However, before they could make contact, suddenly something big and white fell off the cliff. It rolled on the dirty ground a bit and stopped between the two parties, as the furry creature blinked its eyes stupidly.
###Chapter 481: MORE PEOPLE HAD COME
Chapter 481: MORE PEOPLE HAD COME
This furry creature was so big, it could easily be bigger than six to seven werewolves together, but with small eyes that looked too small for its huge body. 
After rolling down the cliff, the white bear sat down on the dirty ground, turning its head left and right only to see the two groups of seething werewolves, ready to tear each other apart, yet this furry creature didn’t seem to have any sense of danger. 
And after turning its head left and right, as if contemplating which side it had to pick, the bear turned to face Jace and Redmond and bared its fangs and raised both forelimbs while roaring loudly, showing its ferocious side. 
Redmond had seen this creature a few times before and Jace had seen it twice, but both of them were sure if this creature was here, Lou should be here too, but then, wasn’t the merchant on their side? Or were they being betrayed again? The thought of it was sickening. 
They didn’t stand a chance fighting the royal warriors and the Blue Moon pack warriors, let alone with the addition of this white bear. 
However, before the bear could charge toward them, they could hear someone shouting from above the cliff, his voice filled with annoyance. 
"Not that side, you silly bear!" Lou appeared on top of the cliff. He looked disheveled. "The other side, you silly creature!" 
The bear actually stopped being ferocious toward Redmond and Jace’s group, whimpering when Lou started shouting. Swiftly, it turned its big ass away from the royal warriors now and bared its fangs again. 
The corners of Redmond’s lips twitched to see this absurd scene. 
But, whatever this bear was doing, it didn’t matter, because right now, they noticed more and more unfamiliar scents around the valley, as they realized it was the warriors from the Riverside pack that Will had brought with him. It was their reinforcements! 
Because the tension was so high and their attention was on their opponent, they didn’t realize it sooner, until they were already here. Not to mention the air carried a thick scent of blood while their minds were occupied with something else. 
Above the cliff, a honey- brown colored beast appeared, it was Will’s wolf and as if on cue, he charged forward, followed by the other warriors from the Riverside pack, who had surrounded the area. 
The rumbling sound of their footsteps filled the night. Dirt and rocks rolled down from the cliff, as so many beasts rushed down the slope, using their momentum to charge forward, straight at those beasts, who were still in shock to see how the tables had turned. 
Within seconds, they outnumbered their enemies by threefold and this increased the morale of the Howling Wolf pack warriors greatly. 
Following Redmond and Jace, all of them joined the battle. 
More and more ferocious roars and vicious growls filled the night and the scent of blood turned them numb. The ground was soaked in their blood, while limbs after limbs scattered around. It was a gruesome sight and no one would forget about what happened tonight. 
Surprisingly, the silly bear was actually contributing a lot in this battle, as it could tackle three to four beasts at the same time and kill them in one swift movement. 
At a time, the bear would have two beasts within its claws and rip their necks apart from their bodies by using its fangs. 
Its white, fluffy fur stained by blood color, until it looked like a black bear instead. 
============================== 
The lingering regret from the first Serafim still affected Iris. How much Na was angry with Lu for keeping his promise, which caused his own death. She couldn’t care less about those people who had killed him. She wanted to kill those people by herself, but then, she would walk the path that Decratic had paved for her. 
The Serafim’s anger and hatred would only make the Decratic stronger, as they were connected to each other in one way or another. The purpose of their existence in this realm was tangled together. 
"Kill those people..." Iris said in a small voice. She was expressionless when she said those cold words, while the monsters around her went still for a moment. "Kill them, Lu." 
The lycan tilted its head and the black wisp shifted in the air. For a second, the black wisp stopped floating around, as if the air froze and the monsters stopped snarling. Time seemingly stopped ticking, but a second later, the black wisp condensed into another shape. 
It took the shape of a sword, which slashed down the barrier that was created by Lady Cyan and Zeke, shattering their barrier and putting them in a vulnerable state when they didn’t have any protection. 
Now the only thing that separated them from the lycan had been broken, their deaths would come faster than they could imagine. 
"The sixth sword," Iris said under her breath. 
"What?" Haco heard her, he turned his head to look at Iris, as he frowned. "What do you mean?" He was still in shock to see what the lycan could do, because this was the first time he knew this cursed creature could do such a thing, even after five decades of being the lycan’s vessel, he didn’t know this. 
However, Iris’ eyes were fixed on the lycan. She could see clearly how it was only a matter of time before Lady Cyan and Zeke would be shredded into pieces. 
But, as their last attempt to save themselves, they managed to create another barrier and somehow, this protection hurt the lycan, as the creature growled loudly, seething. 
"No! Don’t touch that!" Haco recognized the curse. "Don’t touch their blood! It’s cursed!" 
On the other hand, Oliver and the others stayed a few steps back, they watched on as everything unfolded, lost in the frantic moment, as their minds tried to catch up with what was actually going on. So many things had happened at the same time and they couldn’t understand a single thing. 
Right at that time, someone else appeared, his steps were so light.
###Chapter 482: MORE EXPLANATION
Chapter 482: MORE EXPLANATION
Iris had seen this person before, whether it was in her memories or when he met with her secretly and then disappeared so quickly. It was the same person. It was the same man. 
Rei. 
He was the protector of the first Serafim. Na didn’t have five Holy Knights that were chosen to protect her, but she only had one and it was Rei. 
It had been over five hundred years since the death of the first Serafim, but he was still alive. There must be some explanation behind it, but this was not the right time to demand an answer. 
"What’s going on? Who is he?!" Haco immediately created a barrier around him and Iris, though it was so weak, since he had overused his magic power. It wouldn’t last for long. He should have brought more magic stones. Ethan would have given him more if he knew the sorcerer would encounter other magic users, or that Lady Cyan decided to expose herself as a witch. 
However, Iris didn’t pay any attention to the sorcerer beside her, or the four dumbstruck warriors behind her. Her eyes were fixed on this golden haired man before her. His moss green colored eyes stared at her with longing. 
"Rei?" Iris called his name and he pressed his lips tightly, as a surge of emotion came to the surface. 
And it seemed, the lycan also recognized him, but he didn’t look happy at all, as he moved toward Iris. Instead of trying to kill the father and daughter duo, the lycan controlled the monsters and made them attack this man, along with Zeke and Cyan. 
Without their magic, it would be the final blow that would definitely kill them. 
Rei saw this coming and it was not only the lycan, who was dissatisfied with this encounter, but this man as well. He frowned and moved so fast, until you couldn’t see him. His figure flickered and then disappeared, only to reappear right next to Iris. He wrapped his arms around her waist to take her away. 
Because of how fast his movements were and how unpredictable this man was, none of them had time to react when he took Iris away. This man literally kidnapped her right before their eyes! 
Of course, the lycan was the first to react, as he let out a ferocious growl and started to rush away from the scene to get his mate back. 
And without the lycan being in control of the monsters, these creatures started to act out. Their instincts kicked in and they went berserk. 
"Damn it, Lu!" Haco cursed under his breath, as he moved toward the other four warriors. "Move! Move! Find a shelter! Run!" 
Everything was a mess and they no longer cared about Cyan and Zeke when these monsters were hot on their heels. 
They were not bothered if the father and daughter managed to survive this or not, because right now, their main priority was to stay alive. There was no way they could fight these many monsters with only the four of them and a sorcerer, who had no magic left. 
Meanwhile, Iris felt the air leave her lungs when Rei carried her to move so fast, away from the monsters, the dark magic users and the lycan... 
He took her to safety and only stopped when they were in a clearing, where she could hear the sound of waterfall and the water that splashed onto her face. 
"Put me down!" Iris struggled to free herself from him and Rei obliged. He released her and stood there silently. He stared at her with eyes full of longing. 
However, the loud noise from the waterfall overwhelmed Iris, she felt like she was overstimulated with this sudden assault of sounds. Her world used to be very quiet, but right now, it was rich with a lot of noise. 
Iris needed to adjust herself to her current situation and it took her more than fifteen minutes to get used to this, before she could face Rei. 
"What do you want? Take me back to Cane!" Iris was furious because she wanted to look for Cane, not to be taken away from him, yet this man was actually doing the opposite. 
"You can’t be with him." Finally, Rei talked for the first time to Iris. His voice was somber and he took a step closer, but he stopped himself when Iris took a step back to avoid him. 
"I didn’t ask for your permission," Iris retorted. 
"You know what happened before when you chose to be with the lycan. The lycan is a cursed creature for a reason." 
"It’s Na who chose to be with the lycan," Iris stated clearly, she raised her voice, so Rei could hear her over the rumbling noise from the waterfall. "I am choosing to be with my mate." 
His eyes dimmed when he heard that. "The lycan has wormed into his soul and the Alpha has tapped into his power too, they are essentially one," Rei said. "Just like how you will eventually become one with Na when you get a better sense of her power. Her memories are yours, so is her power." 
"I am not Na and Cane is not Lu, don’t confuse yourself, Rei," Iris replied. "I am going to find Cane." She then turned around, but stopped when Rei called her name. 
"You were not born deaf, Iris. It’s Na’s way to recognize the lycan. The first sound you heard is him, right?" 
Iris turned around, her expression hard. She had this angry look. "As a Serafim, someone who should be kind and affectionate, divine and every beautiful adjective you can find, she sure knows how to mess up someone else’s life." 
Having Gerald and Mason as her family was the worst luck she had, but the additional state of being deaf only added to her misery. 
"Don’t talk badly about her, Iris, or else, you will not like what you are going to hear, now that you are able to do so."
###Chapter 483: MORE EXPLANATION (2)
Chapter 483: MORE EXPLANATION (2)
Rei looked offended when Iris talked badly about Na. "Don’t talk badly about her, Iris, or else, you will not like what you are going to hear, now that you are able to do so." 
Iris ignored that. His voice was not pleasant to hear, if he was hellbent on talking, it would be better if he talked about something more important. Not to mention she was already on edge with the loud sound from the waterfall. 
"Should I thank you?" Iris asked sarcastically. She gritted her teeth. "What is the use of you? Are you here to protect me because of Na? Because some part of Na is within me?" 
Rei answered without hesitation. "Yes." 
Iris saw red when he admitted that. Her emotions were all over the place now. There were so many things that happened during this short period of time and she didn’t have a moment to wrap her head around this newly found information yet, everything went so fast. 
"And where were you when I was abused as a child, didn’t you care whether I died or not?" Iris gritted her teeth, she balled her fists tightly. She wished this man was a shifter, so she could squeeze his spirit to death, maybe by then, he could understand how ridiculous his statement was. 
Now Iris also realized that the spirits could only be seen on shifters. 
"Iris, I don’t even know your existence until we met in the black market," Rei admitted that much. "Your mother has been missing for decades." 
"My mother? You know my mother?" Iris narrowed her eyes. She looked conflicted. "How do you know my mother? Did my mother know you too?" 
Rei clamped his mouth shut and Iris understood this gesture. So many people around her usually did that whenever they didn’t want to give her an answer.
"Where did you meet my mother?" Iris was irritated with his silence. "Answer me!" Iris screamed at him, she wanted to approach him and shake his body, so he could spill the answers she wanted to hear. 
Now that he could say something useful, why would he decide not to talk? 
"I will answer that if you come with me. Leave this continent and I will let you know everything that you need to know." Rei extended his hand. "I will answer all of your questions and will not hide anything from you." 
Leave the pack? 
That was what she wanted until a few days ago when she felt unwelcomed by the members of the Howling Wolf pack and how jealous she was of Sofia when they accepted her readily. Kaz was even willing to incur Cane’s wrath just to defend Sofia. 
Seeing how conflicted Iris was, Rei added. "I know what happened with that pregnant woman and how the pack members dislike you, even after what you have done for them. Now, you have the choice to leave them all behind. Nothing good comes out of you staying here. Come with me, Iris. I will show you the purpose of your life." 
But, leaving the pack meant she had to leave everything behind, right? All people that she knew... those warriors, who had been warmed up to her, Hanna... Cane... 
"No, thanks. Hanna always said not to go with strangers," Iris replied. She took a step back. 
Hearing that, Rei fell speechless. "You are as stubborn as ever." 
"You don’t know me, don’t talk to me as if you have known me for so long." This irritated Iris, because she knew what Rei saw in her was Na. This man looked past her and only saw the first Serafim in her. 
"Believe me, I know you." Rei still could feel the familiarity between Iris and Na, and this small thing would always be his comfort. He lost it over more than two decades ago and now, he finally found it again. He was not going to lose her again. "You made the mistake of letting the lycan enter your life, don’t make the same mistake again now. You need to stay away from him." 
"You are not the one who can decide here." 
"Iris, I bet you should be able to see by now, what kind of bloody path that that alpha will walk through. You shouldn’t walk the same path as him." 
"Why not? Those people deserved to die!" Iris hated it that he talked bad about Cane, probably the feeling was mutual when he did the same with Na. 
"See? You can see how much that lycan has changed you. You shouldn’t feel such negative emotions, your hatred only makes Decratic stronger. This is only one of the reasons why you shouldn’t be with the lycan. He brought nothing for you, but calamity. Not only for you, but for this world too." 
"And you brought nothing for me, but a burden." Iris threw him a look. "If I recall, this is our third time meeting with each other, and you are already trying to tell me what to do with my life. I am not going with you. Cane is my mate, I will stay with him." 
"You don’t have any idea what will happen, Iris." Rei shook his head. 
"It has been five hundred years, why are you still alive?" Iris asked, her voice clear with no timidness whatsoever. She approached this situation calmly. Somehow, she knew Cane or the lycan would come looking for her. She just needed to stall time, until they could find her. 
Rei looked Na right in the eyes, he didn’t answer her question. 
"What is it? Are you using dark magic too? I can feel traces on you." Iris gave him a once over, making the man feel uncomfortable. "I am right, aren’t I? You did use dark magic." 
Right at that time, both of them could hear an angry roar in the distance and a strong wave of relief washed over Iris when she saw the lycan emerging from the darkness. The beast fumed, as he took a stance in front of her, ready to tear this man apart. 
"Long time no see, Lu," Rei greeted him.
###Chapter 484: THE NIGHT FINALLY ENDED
Chapter 484: THE NIGHT FINALLY ENDED
Rei hated the lycan from the very moment he appeared in Na’s life and even more after Na became infatuated with him. She looked happier, but it heightened her emotions and this cursed creature introduced her to hatred, vengeance, sadness and all negative emotions that she shouldn’t have as a Serafim. 
The lycan had opened the gates for those feelings, which in turn allowed Decratic to grow stronger, as he was the opposite of the Serafim, he was fed by her emotions. The more tainted the Serafim’s heart became, the stronger he became. 
Therefore, the lycan was no good news for the Serafim. 
But somehow, after five hundred years, even after everything that Rei had done coupled with all of his efforts to make sure they would never cross paths in this lifetime, they found a way back to each other again. They shouldn’t be fated together if the lycan brought nothing, but misery to her. 
However, fate worked in mysterious ways. 
"Lu," Iris called the lycan and caressed his head. She felt better now to finally be able to touch him again. The sun would rise soon and Cane would be with her. She wanted nothing, but her mate. 
Most of the time, Iris was so clear about what she wanted and how she felt. And now, she wanted nothing, but to be with her mate. She could care less about Decratic or whatever past they had... she only wanted Cane and there was no doubt the feeling was mutual. 
"Lu, step back. Do you want to ruin her life again?" Rei asked, taking a step closer and prompting the lycan to attack him in the same breath. 
This cursed creature didn’t play games when it came to his mate, he wouldn’t let anyone, or anything touch her. He wouldn’t give a shit about the world or Decratic or anything, as long as he was with his mate. 
"Lu, you have brought misery to her life and now, you want to repeat the same thing again?" Rei pressed his lips. They had this same conversation in the past when he saw how Na became more and more attached to this lycan, but Lu didn’t care much about it. 
On the other hand, after hearing what Rei said, the lycan charged forward. He was ready to end his life, so he wouldn’t need to hear such nonsense anymore. He was sick of him and his bullcrap. 
If in the past, he didn’t want to listen to him, so why would he start it now? 
The lycan moved so fast, but not as fast as Rei, as his speed was unparalleled. His speed was akin to the speed of light. In the blink of an eye, he was already next to Iris and wrapped his arm around her hips to take her away again. 
However, Iris had seen that coming. She had prepared herself, knowing the speed of the lycan couldn’t rival this mysterious man’s. 
Before Rei could take her away again, she drew her dagger out and stabbed his shoulder. She even twisted the dagger to inflict more pain on him. 
"I told you, I don’t want to go with you," Iris said coldly and pulled the dagger out, which exacerbated his wound. 
Rei gasped loudly, he didn’t expect that and when Iris struggled to free herself from him, he couldn’t hold her back. His arm lost its strength and blood oozed out from his wound. He gritted his teeth and watched Iris rush toward the lycan. 
Here he was, staring at her back again, watching her going back to that cursed creature. It felt like déjà vu, as if he was thrown back to the past. At that moment, he realized, he protected her not because she was a Serafim, but because he truly cared for her. 
Iris went to the lycan with the bloody dagger still in her hand. Her former self would have trembled in fear if she thought of as much as hurting someone. So, for her to actually take the initiative to stab Rei to defend herself showed how much she had changed. 
After all, she had seen enough for her heart to be hardened and endured so much to be able to come out of her shell. This was something that Cane wanted her to become, someone much stronger, though the Alpha disliked it...
Cane loved her naivety and how pure she was in this chaotic and full of schemes world, but then, this side of Iris, suited whatever hardships that would be thrown at them. 
"Iris, you don’t understand, you shouldn’t be with the lycan!" Rei growled, he clutched his shoulder, as blood seeped out from between his fingers. "This is what Decratic wanted! You will only repeat the same mistake! You are full of vengeance and hatred now!" 
However, before Rei could talk more, the lycan had charged forward to silence him. This time, with the wound in his shoulder, he would have a hard time reaching his daunting speed. 
Yet, it seemed, Iris should have stabbed his thigh instead of his shoulder, because before the lycan could approach him, his figure had flickered and disappeared from their sight. 
Seeing this, the lycan immediately went back to Iris, thinking Rei would appear next to her, but even after a while, they couldn’t see his figure. He had no scent as well, so it was hard to tell whether he had left for good, or was just waiting for a chance to take Iris away. 
"I think he is gone..." Iris said. She couldn’t feel the traces of black magic on Rei, but then, it was very faint to begin with. 
Not so long after, the sun started to rise on the horizon, illuminating the darkest corners of the forest, as the rays of the sun fell on the waterfall and the sight was so breathtaking as the light scattered. 
Beside her, the lycan started to shift into his human form. 
The long night finally ended, with a lot of casualties and new revelations, not to mention the million more questions it left behind.
###Chapter 485: DON’T GO WITH HIM
Chapter 485: DON’T GO WITH HIM
For a moment, Iris stared at the scenery before her eyes. The sound of the waterfall was no longer as irritating as before. She let the warmth of the sunlight wash over her.
With so many things that happened, Iris felt like she had gone through a thousand nights, instead of one, which was true for her in some way, since she walked through the first Serafim’s memory lane worth years of her own life. 
The lycan shifted back into his human form and knelt beside her. Cane looked so exhausted and pale. Iris had never seen him in such a condition before. 
"Cane?" Iris wanted to make sure it was him and not Lu, as she took his hand. It felt warm against her skin and she sighed in relief. "Are you okay?" She caressed his cheek and he leaned into her touch, while closing his eyes, savoring this peaceful moment. 
"I think I am in dire need of sleep," Cane said in a small voice, but then his eyes flew open and stared at Iris deeply. "Are you okay?" He straightened his back, feeling odd with the way Iris looked at him. 
"Hm." Iris nodded as a reply, but there were tears in her eyes. 
"What happened? Are you feeling pain somewhere?" Despite his lethargic state, Cane looked on alert when he saw tears streaming down her cheek. "What happened?" He demanded, as he wiped her tears. 
Her skin felt so cold, probably because she had been in the open area in a thin layered dress for a whole afternoon and night. He was afraid she would start to get sick easily again. Recently, her health had improved and she didn’t get sick so often. 
"Everything will be fine, it’s over." Cane leaned over and kissed her cold lips. He took off his outer shirt and draped it around her shoulders. It wouldn’t help much, but at the very least, it would add more layers to her thin dress. 
Meanwhile, Iris kept staring at him and this was so strange for Cane. He wanted to know whether she was all right, but she wouldn’t say anything. 
"Let’s go back," Cane said, he was about to stand up, but Iris pulled him down again and smiled at him. "What is it, Iris?" He wanted to growl when she still didn’t say anything. 
He tried to look for injuries, but aside from the blood of that man, he couldn’t smell any blood on her, not even her own. Or was it because of the black magic spell that Lady Cyan attacked her with, it was not something visible? "Iris, I will lose my patience if you don’t say anything." 
"I love your voice," Iris blurted out, smiling through her tears. "Please, talk more..." But, instead of talking, Cane went silent upon hearing what she said and this made her pull at his sleeve impatiently. "I want to hear your voice, why don’t you say something?" 
Iris didn’t know there was such a comforting sound like Cane’s voice. In Na’s memories, she could hear people talking and how things sounded, and everything was so fascinating and new for her. 
She was stunned when she realized the clouds didn’t make any noise when they bumped onto one another, or how the wind actually made a sound. She could also hear a sound when she bit on her nails. 
However, Cane’s voice was the most captivating sound that she had ever heard. His voice was heavy and hoarse, but comforting at the same time, as if his voice could blanket you with a sense of safety, if it made any sense, because that was how she felt when she heard his voice. 
It sounded like beautiful music, her favorite song, even though she had never heard one and Hanna took the pain when she taught her how to sing, where Iris ended up reciting the lyrics instead. 
"Talk more, please..." Iris looked at Cane with expectant eyes, she looked like a little girl, asking for candy, while the Alpha was too stunned to speak. "Cane?" Iris frowned. 
"You can hear me?" 
Iris nodded vigorously, looking excited to hear him talk again. "I love your voice." She repeated the same thing. 
For a moment, Cane only stared at Iris and saw how genuinely happy she was, then he didn’t know what came over him, but he chuckled. 
There were a lot of unanswered questions, a lot of things that they had to share after what happened last night, not to mention they had a few unresolved issues even before the King’s arrival, but right now, all Cane wanted to do was, hold his mate in his arms, make sure she wouldn’t go anywhere and stay with him. 
If he could, he wanted this moment to freeze, so they could savor each other’s presence a little bit longer and forget about the predicament that would come to them after this. 
The King was dead, the Alpha from the Red Claw pack was dead, hundreds of royal warriors were dead. Sir Elijah and Leon as well. 
So many deaths happened in such a short period of time and Cane didn’t have the energy to think of the solution for them to come out of this mess unscathed. 
The lycan had drained his energy. He felt like he wanted to abandon everything and take Iris with him somewhere else, where no one would ever bother them. Of course, it was only a fleeting thought that would never materialize. 
"I can hear now, Cane. I can do something else, you have to know that I have this power..." Iris rambling was cut short when Cane leaned over to kiss her lips and put his hand on the back of her head. 
For a moment there, Iris returned to her chattering self and it had been a while since Cane saw this side of her. He should admit, this one was his favorite side of hers. 
"Don’t go, Iris. Whoever that man was, don’t go with him..." Cane said softly against her lips.
###Chapter 486: AN EMOTIONAL MORNING
Chapter 486: AN EMOTIONAL MORNING
Cane was so lethargic to follow Lu’s train of thought when he saw Rei, but he could get a gist of it. That man knew all the secrets about Iris, he was related to the first Serafim and Lu knew him. 
The fact that Rei was only willing to answer all of Iris’ questions if she left with him bothered Cane greatly. 
Realizing how Iris wanted to leave after the way his pack members treated her and how that was the last issue that they argued over before Lu came to the surface for the first time after Iris unintentionally hurt his wolf spirit, dreadful feelings washed over Cane at the thought someone could tempt her to leave. 
Someone could take her away and he couldn’t find her. Worst of all, Iris might walk away from him willingly... 
She might have fought Rei earlier and was adamant to stay, but one thing that was engraved in Cane’s mind was; people’s hearts were so fickle, that was why he could scheme against them and manipulate their feelings about a certain thing... and Iris had a thought to leave before. 
Especially when this man had this unique ability and even when he was in the lycan form, he was not able to catch up to him. 
If it was not for Iris, who stabbed him, he would have lost her by now, while he didn’t even know where he had to start looking for her if he did succeed, since he knew nothing about that man. 
"Don’t go, please..." Cane hugged her closer, while still kissing her. He felt like he would never get enough of her. 
However, Iris was so happy to notice the desperation in his voice and kissed Cane back eagerly, while giggling. "I will not go anywhere. I will be by your side. You are the only one I want." 
She was always clear about what she felt and Cane was the only one she wanted. 
Cane breathed heavily and he felt like he couldn’t get enough of her. He wanted to pull her even closer than this and become one with her. 
The Alpha only wanted his mate, she was the only one who could give him salvation, the only source of peace in his chaotic world... 
Meanwhile, Iris was oblivious to Cane’s despair and the new realization that dawned on him. 
============================== 
More than half of the warriors that Will brought from the Riverside had died by the time the battle ended, even with the help of Lou and Lil thing. 
The merchant didn’t use his magic, but apparently, he was good with long swords and Lil thing showed its ferocious side, which was truly frightening. People would think twice before approaching this huggable bear in the future, if they learned how it brutally killed the royal warriors and the warriors from the Blue Moon pack alike. 
Only when they were finally sure that no more enemies were alive, did they open the safety door, which showed them an old flight of stairs that led them down to the secured area. It was a huge underground hall with enough food and drinks for all the people to last a week. Almost all the members of the Howling Wolf pack were down there, waiting anxiously until the situation calmed down. 
They prayed like they had never prayed before, trembling in fear, while waiting with the feeling of uncertainty plaguing their minds, whether they would have a pack to return to or they would be forced to become slaves one more time. 
Some women cried, bawling their eyes out when they felt the mate bond snap, feeling their mate die during the attack. The pain and grief they had to endure rendered all of them breathless, the tension was so real. 
They held their breaths when they heard footsteps and cried at the same time when they realized it was actually the warriors from their pack who opened the door. 
Clamor filled the underground hall, as they cried in relief and started asking and looking at the warriors for their family members. 
However, Will brushed them off, as he marched further into the inner hall to look for a certain someone. His face was contorted and he could feel his heart thumping wildly, as the most horrendous thoughts swarmed his mind. He used to have these horrible thoughts when he was awakened by the nightmares in the middle of the night. 
What if Hanna didn’t make it? What if she was not in this safe place and got left behind in the pack house? What if she had died somewhere...? 
Will pushed people away from him when they blocked him to ask about their family members. He couldn’t think straight, until he saw that familiar face and he almost stumbled on his feet because of how relieved he was to see Hanna standing next to Amee, with a few other omegas. 
Once his eyes found his woman, he couldn’t rip his eyes away from her, as he walked toward Hanna absentmindedly and stretched out his hands to hug her. He buried his face in the crook of her neck and cried silently. 
Hanna didn’t realize it and was startled when Will suddenly pulled her into a bone- crushing hug. There were so many people around them and with a lot of noises, the room was clamoring and Hanna was in the middle of a conversation with the other girls when Will’s scent engulfed her. 
"W- Will?" Hanna was startled. She was worried about him and wondered if he felt the same, but who would have thought Will would come running to her on his own. 
From the corner of her eyes, Hanna could see Amee grin before the old woman ushered the other girls away, so they wouldn’t bother them.
"Will, are you okay?" Hanna asked, she had to stand on her tiptoes and her position was not comfortable, yet she didn’t complain and hugged this big warrior, caressing his back to comfort him, his whole body was trembling. 
Will didn’t answer her question. 
"Are you hurt?" 
Still, he didn’t answer her, but Hanna could feel her neck dampening...
###Chapter 487: DON’T GO ANYWHERE
Chapter 487: DON’T GO ANYWHERE
Redmond looked around the room while the members of the Howling Wolf pack walked out of their safe place. He scratched his head and craned his neck, his expression contorted. 
"Looking for someone?" Jace approached him, nudging his shoulder. "If you are looking for your baby’s momma, you can stop now. Maria has already taken her to her bedroom." 
Redmond scoffed. "I am not looking for her, why would I look for her?" He swiftly walked toward the pack house and the Beta could only shake his head in disbelief. 
"I can’t imagine what kind of personality the baby will have when it grows up," he mumbled under his breath. He still needed to send a searching team to find Cane in the mountains. It had been more than half a day since the Alpha went there with the King and the dark witch. He didn’t dare to imagine the worst. "Call the other warriors, we will go to the Goffa mountain," the Beta instructed one of the warriors. 
"I am going with you, too," Lou said, cleaning up his long swords, while Sabian helped Lil Thing to clean up his wounds after the battle. The poor bear sat down dejectedly, licking his wounds and whimpering pitifully. Its soft fur was matted with dry blood. 
Jace frowned. He was thankful for his help, but he was still cautious with this merchant, especially when he learned this merchant was a magic user too. They didn’t know what they would see there and he didn’t think it was wise to take him with them. 
However, before Jace could reject him politely, Koda approached them and joined him. 
"I am going too," Koda said firmly, not leaving any chance for Jace to refuse him. "My alpha is still out there, I need to know how he is. I am going." 
Lou tilted his head and gave Jace an innocent smile, as if telling the Beta if Koda could go, so could he. 
"Fine, be ready, we are leaving in ten minutes," Jace grumbled, he hoped he could meet with Ethan first, so he could learn the situation there better. 
But, he still had this nagging feeling when he couldn’t find his sister. 
"Carla, where is Aliana? She is not with you all?" Jace asked a young girl around the age of sixteen, who usually helped Aliana, as the group of children from the orphanage walked out of the safe place. 
This morning had a nice start with the sun shining warmly. If only this horrendous thing didn’t happen, it would have ended as a perfect day. 
"Miss Aliana went with Gamma Ethan and a few young warriors, but I don’t know where they had gone," Carla replied, since she was given an order when she bumped into Aliana to take care of the children with the other girls around her age. 
"Aliana went with Ethan?!" Jace raised his voice without him realizing it and Carla flinched, she cowered away, afraid of Beta’s anger since it wasn’t something she could handle. "I am going to kill Ethan for this!" 
However, Jace was too furious to notice that, as he gathered all the people quickly. 
"You said ten minutes!" Lou complained when they were ready to depart only after less than five minutes. 
============================== 
"Let’s rest for a while, you look so pale," Iris said worriedly, as she tilted her head to look at Cane. She was very concerned about his current state, he looked like he was going to collapse anytime soon. 
However, despite how lethargic he looked right now, his grip on her waist was so tight, as if he was afraid someone would take her away, if she was not within his reach. 
"I am fine, let’s keep going." Cane wanted to be within his pack territory as soon as possible, only then he could put his guard down a little bit. 
"No, you are not," Iris said, she almost cried with worry when Cane neglected his own well being. "Let’s wait for them near the river," Iris said, as she could hear the water stream in the distance. 
She was still in awe being surrounded by so many sounds that she could hear. She didn’t think the world could be so noisy, but at the same time, it was comforting, depending on what sound she heard. 
But of course, her favorite one was Cane’s voice, she felt like she could listen to him all day and night. Yet, this was not the right time for her to gush over his delightful voice. 
"No. I can’t pick up their scents if we are near the water." Probably because he was too tired, he could barely smell anything around him. How exhausted was he at this point? 
"It’s okay, Haco is moving closer to the river too," Iris replied and this made Cane frown. 
"How do you know that?" 
"Haco is reeking of black magic. I can feel it. He is moving closer to the river," Iris said. "Let’s wait there, okay?" 
This time, the Alpha obliged and let Iris lead the way, as he was having a hard time walking. 
Once they were near the river, Iris helped Cane lean back against a big rock and was about to leave, but the Alpha was immediately on alert and caught her wrist. His gaze turned sharp. 
"Where are you going?" Cane growled. 
"I am going to get some water for you." 
"No. Stay with me." 
"Cane..." 
"No, Iris. Stay with me." Cane pulled Iris closer, until she sat down on his lap and cradled her. "You said Haco will come, we will let him get us water later." 
Iris didn’t know whether she wanted to laugh or cry when she heard that. The way Cane said it, as if the sorcerer was their personal servant... she didn’t expect that the way Cane phrased his words could be this funny to her ears. 
Iris chuckled when Cane nudged her neck and rested his head on her shoulder, but then she saw something in the distance. 
She had seen them before, but not these many...
###Chapter 488: I SAW THEM
Chapter 488: I SAW THEM
Iris was dumbstruck when she noticed so many wolf spirits emerging from the shadows of the trees. Their forms were almost translucent, though each covered by a different colored fur. 
"Cane..." Iris gasped. She could feel sadness wash over her to see these wolf spirits come to her. They kept approaching her carefully, before they shifted into their human form, but still, they were still translucent and all of them seemed to be warriors, and she knew some of them. Some of them were familiar faces to her. 
What was the meaning of this? 
Before, Iris could only see their spirits hovering above their bodies, but what was the deal if their spirits no longer lingered around their physical bodies? 
No. A thought crossed Iris’ mind, but she didn’t even want to entertain the idea. How could there be so many of them here if that was what really happened? 
"What is it?" Cane was still cradling Iris and saw tears stream down her cheeks, as she started sobbing. "What happened? Why are you crying?" He tried to follow her line of sight, but all he could see was trees and bushes. Nothing interesting or particular, which could cause her to be so emotional, was in sight. "What are you staring at?" 
Iris was trembling and her tears fell even more when those warriors kept approaching her, not because she was afraid of them, but more like she was afraid about what had happened to them until it caused them to be like this. 
"Iris, tell me, what is it? Why are you crying?" Cane could see how Iris became even more emotional now, as her tears wouldn’t stop flowing down her beautiful face. She looked mortified, but there was deep sadness too. 
Right at that time, Haco came along with the four warriors. They seemed to have survived the monster’s rampage, but they lost track of Zeke and Lady Cyan. Perhaps they too had managed to escape, though they were not sure whether they could survive the attack. 
"Iris?" Cane cupped her face, he looked around one more time to make sure he didn’t miss anything, thinking his lethargic state caused him to be a little bit reckless, but even after that, he still couldn’t find a reason why Iris was a crying mess like this. "Tell me what is it? Why are you crying?" 
Cane would usually wait until Iris was ready to talk, but he was being impatient now. Both of them were so drained, physically and emotionally. 
"I see them, Cane, I am not sure what the meaning of this is..." Iris said through her tears. 
"What do you see?" Cane looked at the spot Iris had been staring at, but he was sure he didn’t miss anything. There was nothing there. 
"Their spirits," Iris said in a whispery tone. 
Right at that time, Haco came with two warriors, Oliver and Eron, the former rushed toward Cane immediately once he saw the Alpha. 
"Alpha Cane! I thought I made a mistake when I sensed your scent," he said in relief, but he stopped a few steps away from Cane, remembering what he had seen earlier, but still, he couldn’t stop himself. "Alpha, our pack is under attack, those royal warriors along with those from the Blue Moon pack raised a mutiny. I have sent Dean and Dyne to check the situation there." 
They learned about this from Haco once they managed to escape those monsters and Oliver took the initiative to split the group into two. 
On the other hand, Eron looked reluctant to approach Cane as well, he stood next to Oliver and asked Iris. "Luna, are you okay?" He could see how his luna was crying right now. Was it because of the Alpha? Did he hurt her? But it was unlikely... 
It was only Haco who didn’t care much and approached Cane and Iris. 
"Cane, it’s them... there are so many of them... half of your pack if I can say," Iris said through her gritted teeth, trying to make her words coherent for the Alpha to understand her. "Their spirits are here." 
"What is it? What did I miss?" Haco asked busily. He looked disheveled and exhausted, also so old and fragile, as if his body would collapse at any given moment, yet his eyes were still bright. He was still vigilant. 
Meanwhile, Cane didn’t say anything, he seemed to be processing what Iris tried to say and learn the situation, though his head throbbed painfully and his body demanded for him to stop thinking, or doing anything... 
"You are seeing their spirits because they are dead?" Cane blurted it out. "Is that it?" 
Iris grinded her teeth, she didn’t want to say it, as if by admitting that, it made things final and she couldn’t think of how many losses they had suffered in less than a day... 
Haco stared at Cane and Iris back and forth, trying to understand the situation on his own, but there were missing parts that he couldn’t guess. "What is it? What spirits? What did you see?" 
Cane tried his best to suppress his emotions, since Iris was already like this. "Do you see... Ethan and Jace?" 
"No." Iris shook her head. The two of them were the first people she looked for among those warriors when the realization dawned on her.
Cane nodded. His face was devoid of any emotions. "Why are they here? Are they here to see you? Why?" 
Iris shook her head. "I don’t know." 
"Ah!" Haco finally caught up with them, while Oliver and Eron were still at a loss about the conversation. "You are seeing spirits, right?" Haco clapped his hands. "See? I told you! My guess is right!" The sorcerer looked shocked, but at the same time, he seemed satisfied for being right. "But, how could that be possible? In this case, it is either the one in the Holy Kingdom is fake or there are two of you." 
"Haco, do you know what they want?" Iris stopped his rumbling.
###Chapter 489: DON’T YOU THINK SHE IS AWESOME?
Chapter 489: DON’T YOU THINK SHE IS AWESOME?
"Haco, do you know what I should do? Or, why they are here?" Iris glanced at those warriors, who were seemingly waiting for her to do something. She was afraid to look at them, because she was scared that she might find the faces that she was fond of. 
Knowing Ethan, Jace and Hanna were not among them was already enough for her, though it didn’t make her less heartbroken and mournful to see some of the warriors she knew. 
"From what I know, the first Serafim used to offer them comfort," Haco said. 
"Comfort? How can I do that?" 
Haco shook his head. "I don’t know, Iris. I have been away from the Holy Kingdom for five decades." 
On the other hand, Oliver and Eron were trying to catch up with the conversation, though it only confused them further, considering all the things that were being said. 
"Let your instincts guide you as to what to do." Haco couldn’t offer much of a solution, since he was also clueless. His knowledge about the Serafim and the Holy Kingdom was from his past memories from a long time ago. 
"How can I offer them comfort?" Iris asked in a small voice and braced herself to look at those warriors once again. They were still standing in the same place, waiting for her, not saying anything. There were so many of them. About five hundred? The number came to her mind readily, as if she could feel it in her heart. 
Iris stood up, but Cane grabbed her hand. "Where are you going? It might be dangerous. Don’t go." 
Somehow, Cane became a little bit clingy with her, he became overly possessive and protective. He showed his emotions so openly and it was not usual for someone like him to do so. Probably because he was too exhausted, thus he didn’t have the energy to put up a front and let his emotions flow like an open dam. 
"It’s okay, Cane. Those people are the spirits of your people. They can’t do anything." 
Cane clenched his jaw when he heard the way Iris addressed those spirits as his people. She still didn’t feel like she belonged to the pack and the possibility that that bastard Rei could snatch her away again dreaded him. 
Cane pushed himself off the ground and held her hand. "Where are they?" He asked. It was not that he didn’t feel anything about losing his people, but he was utterly spent to even mourn them. Not to mention Cane couldn’t see them. It didn’t affect him the way it affected Iris. 
Realizing Cane’s intention, she walked toward the line of the trees, approaching those spirits. Their expressions looked sad and the sight made Iris feel like someone just squeezed her heart tightly. 
She stopped in front of one of the warriors. He was a young warrior she used to see with Joel, but to her relief, Joel was not among these spirits. She felt so bad to feel this, as these warriors lost their lives unexpectedly. 
"I don’t know what to do..." Iris said in a sad tone and Cane didn’t say anything, he realized she was talking to these spirits. 
Somehow, he believed her when she said she was seeing spirits of the dead shifters, his warriors, who didn’t make it to the end of the battle, though he couldn’t see them. 
At this point, Iris could say the sun rose from the north and he would believe her nonetheless. 
"What should I do?" 
Cane couldn’t offer a solution for her, because this was something that he had no knowledge of, but there was someone else, who could tell her what to do. 
No matter how reluctant Cane was, or how much he hated to give it up, there was nothing he wouldn’t do for her. More so, this was his people, their people, they were in the question. 
Cane closed his eyes for a moment and when he opened them, his black eyes had turned bright red. 
Wordlessly, Lu slid his palms along her arms until he was holding her hands. With her both palms facing upward, they could see this white light flicker in the air, as if she ignited it somehow with the help of the lycan. 
Iris blinked her eyes, she was surprised to see this. She did this before, but it didn’t cross her mind this was something that she should do, more so, how Cane knew about this. 
But, she got the answer when she tilted her head upward and saw his red eyes, but this time, the lycan looked more serious than ever. He didn’t sound unreasonable when he spoke either. 
"Scatter it," Lu said softly, as he stood behind Iris, telling her what to do at this moment. 
"How can I scatter it?" Iris asked. She immediately realized it was Lu, who was taking control of Cane’s body, which meant the Alpha had given up his control to the lycan... and this time, he did it willingly. Again. 
"Just imagine it," Lu said. 
Iris could feel his palms framing hers were so cold, while her back was firmly pressed against his. She looked so confused as to what to do, but then she heard his instruction again and followed her instinct. 
On the other hand, Oliver and Eron were stunned, they were at a loss as to what Iris was doing. Even though they had seen this before, this time, they could see it much more clearly. 
"What is she doing?" Oliver walked closer to Haco, as he asked the sorcerer, who seemed to have a better grip on this situation. 
"She is trying to comfort the spirits." 
"What? What does that mean?" Oliver was at a loss. 
So was Eron, but he was more in awe about what his luna could do. All of them thought she was only a runt, who could do nothing. 
But then, Eron learned how her kindness and her patience had contributed to their alpha’s plan, especially when she taught them how to write and read. 
And now.... she could do magic too? 
"Don’t you think our luna is full of surprises?" Eron mumbled, his voice dripped with fascination.
###Chapter 490: FAREWELL
Chapter 490: FAREWELL
It was weird, but at the same time, it did make sense when the white light that appeared in her palms actually scattered into hundreds of light quanta until it almost looked like specks of dust under the sunlight. It was beautiful and dazzling. Each speck of light went to each spirit, consumed them before the spirits finally disappeared from Iris’ sight one by one. 
The sight of it was so devastating, Iris couldn’t describe it in words and because she was the only one who could see them, it was even more heartbreaking for her. As the living warriors and even Cane, couldn’t see them for one last time. 
Cane had never said it, nor had he ever shown it, but he cared so much about and loved his people dearly. He was rather lenient with them. 
"They are disappearing one by one..." Iris said in a whispery tone. She stared blankly at the last twelve warriors and all of them were very young, probably around Joel’s age. They must be his friends. "They are so young..." 
Oliver and Eron lowered their heads, they could hear the sadness in Iris’ voice when she whispered to the wind, chanting her final goodbye to the dead warriors. They couldn’t see them, but knowing a battle had happened back in the pack and hearing Iris say there were spirits half of the warriors there, they realized how many people they had lost. 
These people were someone they had shared their pain and joy with, they shared their food with each other and treaded dangerous moments together, someone they had known for years and so dear to them, but now, they lost them and they couldn’t even be there in their final moments. 
"Farewell brave warriors, you will always be remembered..." Iris whispered when the last young warrior disappeared from her sight. It was only an empty spot now, with trees before her eyes and grass beneath her feet. The wind carried the flowery smell from the north. 
Tears trickled down from Iris’ eyes and if it was not for Lu, who was standing behind her and still holding her closely, she would have dropped to the ground in a whimpering mess. 
She didn’t know them closely, but she had so many reasons to be sad right now, she mourned the loss of those warriors. They only tested the freedom they always dreamed of for less than a year, but now they lost their lives... 
"Their souls will rest in peace now," Lu said from behind her, he nuzzled her neck with his nose in an attempt to give her comfort. 
The forest fell very silent, as if it also mourned the brave souls of the Howling Wolf pack. 
Iris wiped her tears roughly and in a hoarse voice, she asked, "How do you know this? Could you see them?" 
Iris could feel Lu shaking his head against her shoulder. "No. But, I have seen you do this a few times before." 
She understood who Lu was referring to. It must be the first Serafim, since this power belonged to her. Lu must be the only person, aside from Rei, who knew how the Serafim’s power worked. 
After a long moment of silence, Lu growled when he felt someone walk closer to them. It was Eron. 
The warrior approached the Alpha and the Luna carefully, but he stopped in his tracks when he heard a dangerous growl from his alpha, not sure why he was growling viciously at him. 
And when Lu turned around and Eron saw his red eyes, he was stunned and took a few steps back. 
"Stop it, Lu," Iris said, she squeezed his arm to warn him not to scare Eron and the lycan obliged. He looked sullen, but he did stop threatening the poor warrior. 
"Lu... luna... I think we should go back to the place where we promised to meet with Dyne and Dean. They must have returned to provide a report regarding the situation in the pack." Now that they had found Cane and Iris, they needed to go back, so they could rejoin Dyne and Dean, and learn what happened in the Howling Wolf pack. 
Eron kept glancing at the Alpha and was sure it was not Alpha Cane. 
After what they had witnessed and how the explanation had not been provided, since the situation did not allow it yet, they still had this uncomfortable mixed feeling with so many questions that consumed their minds. 
On the other hand, Oliver narrowed his eyes, his shoulders were so tense, as he pressed his lips tightly. His alpha being the lycan that had been terrorizing the entire continent for the past few months was something he didn’t expect at all, even in his wildest dreams. 
It didn’t go unnoticed by Oliver as well when Iris succeeded in calming the lycan. How could she tame the lycan? A runt like her could control the cursed creature? 
Oliver had a different point of view from the way Eron saw what was going on right now... 
"Hm, let’s go..." Iris was so exhausted. Her mind was tangled, she was overwhelmed with so much information and new questions at the same time. A long discussion was needed, but before that, their top priority was to take a rest before they went crazy and their heads exploded... 
Haco watched how Iris could use the first Serafim’s power, he wanted to have a conversation with her and there were a few things he wanted to let her know, but it was not the right time. He needed to wait until everything was sorted out. 
"Can you give me Cane back?" Iris asked. She held Cane’s hand that was so cold to the touch. She wanted her mate back, but didn’t want to offend the lycan that had helped her. 
Lu sulked, but it was Cane’s face that was pouting in everyone’s eyes. Oliver and Eron almost stumbled when they saw their alpha making such a face. 
"He is tired, he can’t play with you. Why don’t you play with me? Why do you always ask for him? You don’t like me?"
###Chapter 491: I WANT TO GO HOME TOO, LUNA...
Chapter 491: I WANT TO GO HOME TOO, LUNA...
Iris was left speechless when she heard what he said. And after she composed herself a bit better, she could discern the difference between Cane and Lu’s voices. It was so fascinating how people could have different voices, especially in Cane and Lu’s case since they were in the same body. 
"I like you, Lu." Iris tried to appease this lycan. "But, there is something I need to talk about with Cane." 
"He is not available," Lu said curtly and then put his arm around her waist possessively, as he pressed his lips tightly, indicating he didn’t want to continue this conversation. 
In the end, Iris gave up and let Lu occupy Cane’s body a little bit longer. She believed, if Cane regained enough of his strength, he could take over his body from Lu easily. 
Silently, they walked toward the spot where they would meet with Dean and Dyne, but it was not only the two of them alone, as they could see both Ethan and Aliana with three more young warriors, and one of them was Joel. 
The young man was lying flat on the ground, while his spirit looked so weak and this filled Iris’ heart with dread. She freed herself from Lu’s grip and immediately rushed toward him. 
"What happened to him?" Iris demanded, she looked at Ethan for an explanation, as she sat down on the ground, next to Joel. She was sure Joel didn’t die, but she couldn’t say he was in a good condition either. 
"He is badly injured during the fight against the Blue Moon pack warriors," Ethan explained. He sat down next to Iris, as he scrutinized her, looking for any sign of injuries, but aside from being a little bit dirty and disheveled, she looked fine, which was a relief. "His legs took the brunt and now he is sleeping. I found some herbs to put him to sleep, so he will not be in pain until his legs are healed." 
From the looks of it, Ethan’s voice didn’t sound optimistic when he said that. They could see how badly injured Joel’s legs were and they could only hope Grace could pull off some miracle with her healing power on the young warrior. 
However, when they talked about it, all of a sudden Ethan found himself being pushed aside, as Cane put himself between the Gamma and Iris. 
"Cane, what was that for..." Ethan was stunned when he was greeted with Cane’s red eyes and the realization dawned on him. 
He saw Cane earlier, but he didn’t pay close attention to him, knowing he was walking and alive was already enough. He didn’t notice his red eyes earlier, especially when Iris frantically approached Joel and demanded an explanation. 
Ethan immediately looked at Haco and the old sorcerer nodded his head, as if to confirm his guess. "Hi, long time no see, nice to see you again." Ethan raised his hand as a greeting to the lycan and Cane’s face frowned at him. 
"Stay away from her." 
"Sure, sure," Ethan said hastily and then stood up, taking a few steps back until he was standing beside Aliana, who looked confused. "We are okay now?" 
"Hm." The lycan nodded in satisfaction. 
"What happened?" Aliana asked in a low voice to Ethan beside her. The Alpha didn’t act like usual and she could tell Ethan knew something about it. 
"I will tell you later," Ethan whispered back to her and Aliana tactfully didn’t say anything else. 
Meanwhile, Iris’ attention was fixed on Joel’s wolf spirit. She wondered if the wolf died, would their human side also die? She asked this to Lu. 
"Ah... you explained about this a long time ago, but I forgot..." Lu said. He did not appear to have any sympathy for the young warrior and it was not surprising, knowing he didn’t care for the rest of the people and shifters alike in this entire realm, aside from Iris. 
"Lu," Iris called his name sternly. She glanced at the cursed creature beside her. If he insisted on not giving Cane back to her, at least, he could be useful by providing them with important information. 
"They will be dead too. Some of them may survive and live, but what kind of life do one have when they can’t feel any emotions, as if they lost their soul?" Lu shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. 
"If the spirit is healed, will the body heal too?" 
"You did that before. You did something with that little white light, but I don’t know how you did it. I can’t see spirits, nor do I want to know how you waste your energy saving other people." 
At this point, Iris was speechless, she wondered how a Serafim fell for this ignorant creature. 
But then, somehow, she could understand. The Serafim literally gave all of her love and affection to people around her. She should be selfless, a giver, but she didn’t get the same privilege in return, as they relied on her heavily, and Lu’s unconditional love toward her only filled the void. 
This cursed creature, literally, would burn down the entire world just for her, without any judgment. The Serafim could be the devil and this lycan would be glad to be her companion. 
"So, it is a possibility..." Iris mumbled to herself and Lu didn’t like whatever thoughts that was running in her mind, but before he could protest, Iris had lifted her head and looked at Dyne. "How is it in the pack house?" 
Dyne immediately gave her a brief rundown that the battle was over and it was safe for them to return. 
"We will go back now," Iris said, as she stood up and looked at the other two young warriors. "Can you help carry him carefully?" 
"Yes, Luna," the two of them replied simultaneously. 
However, when they were about to leave, from the corner of her eyes, Iris caught sight of something and this made her heart drop. She saw Avid walk toward her... 
’I want to go home, too, Luna... please, take me home with you,’ the spirit said.
###Chapter 492: RETRIEVE THE BODY
Chapter 492: RETRIEVE THE BODY
Iris still remembered the first time she met with Avid. He was not in a good condition then, as he was one of the warriors who fell victim to the monster attack in the Blue Moon pack before they moved to the Howling Wolf pack. 
She remembered how he cursed at her and told her how he didn’t want to be touched by Gerald’s daughter. 
But then, this same warrior was so adamant to come with them to the black market, as he pestered the Gamma to bring him along. 
It was still clear in Iris’ mind how Avid got down on his knees and asked for her forgiveness in the inn. How remorseful he was for yelling at her. He realized how wrong he was to see her in such a bad light when, as it turned out, she had been helping them during their time in the slavery. 
It could be said, he was the first person who approached her and asked for her forgiveness personally in such a remorseful way. 
Since that day, Iris had seen him every now and then, until he was part of her daily life, someone that she would meet frequently. She got used to himself being around her... 
It was also Avid who approached her and told her how he saw her as the perfect luna for the pack, how his words brought tears to her eyes and as a matter of fact, it only happened a few days ago. 
He was the first warrior who told her the comforting words she wanted to read. Something that she desperately wanted to read from the pack members... this warrior had grown on her without her realizing it. 
But now, he came to her in his spirit form and Iris knew unquestionably what had happened to him... it broke her heart like it had never been before. The feelings of loss and helplessness were so strong... 
She would do anything to get him back, but deep down, she knew it was not a possible thing to do. 
’I want to go home, too, Luna... take me back home, please.’
Iris fell to the ground, clutching at her chest. She felt her heart bleed at the sight of Avid standing in front of her. He looked fine, but there was nothing fine about this situation... 
She couldn’t even shed tears for him, as she was having a hard time breathing. Her reaction was so strong, this was even worse than when she saw those warriors’ spirits less than two hours ago. 
The bond between the Luna and her warrior had only started to grow and now it suddenly snapped... 
"Iris, what happened?!" Ethan rushed toward her, but stopped himself when he saw Cane already taking care of her. 
The lycan said nothing, he only caressed her back, but kept frowning because he didn’t like seeing her in so much pain, yet he didn’t utter a single word. 
"What happened? Did Luna see something like she saw from earlier?" Eron creased his brows and Ethan approached him. 
"Explain to me what happened." Ethan still had his eyes on Iris and Cane, but he realized he missed a lot of things here, especially when Eron explained what happened near the river. Just like the rest of them, he was stunned to learn Iris could wield such power overnight. What actually had happened to them before they arrived? And now Lu took over Cane’s body again. Was the Alpha fine? 
On the other hand, Aliana listened to the conversation silently, she tried to discern the situation on her own, while staring at Iris. She was not close to this luna and only saw her a handful of times, but she knew she was a timid person who didn’t talk much from what she heard... 
Therefore, Aliana was surprised when Iris suddenly stood up and gritted her teeth, her hands clenched tightly beside her body. "I need two people to come with me to retrieve Avid’s body." 
"I will go," Aliana said immediately, volunteering without a second thought. She wanted to know more about this young woman. Currently, she appeared nothing similar to what she heard about her. 
"I will go, too," Ethan volunteered as well. 
"No, you stay with them and take Joel back to the pack." Iris didn’t want them to delay and put Joel in a more dangerous condition. He should see the healer as soon as possible and Ethan should be there to lead them out of the forest safely, as he was the Gamma. "Oliver, you come with me." 
Iris chose Oliver because he had a bigger body than the rest of the warriors. 
"I can go with you, Luna," Eron said, but Iris shook her head again. 
"You can go with Dean to fetch Chrystal from the cave, take her back to the pack." 
"You need more people to go with you," Ethan argued. "What if there is a monster attack?" 
Iris glanced at Lu beside her. "Lu... Cane will be with me." 
"Ah..." Ethan felt stupid for forgetting about this vicious creature, overwhelmed by his own worry for Iris and Cane’s safety. 
"We will leave now," Iris said in a more calm voice. She sighed deeply and took Cane’s hand to pull him with her and the Alpha followed his mate without any scrupulousness. He couldn’t care less about where they were going, as long as he was with her. 
Oliver silently walked behind Cane and Iris, while Aliana caught up to him. Both of them were deep in thought, as they stared at their alpha and luna’s backs. 
The way Iris delegated the tasks to them and how she could control her emotions didn’t suit the description she heard about her. She didn’t look timid, or even weak in her eyes. 
She had this natural instinct to lead and think fast. 
Aliana thought Iris would cry inconsolably and they needed to carry her down the mountain, but as it turned out, she could handle her emotions just fine. 
No matter what kind of power she had, she wanted to know more about her. 
However, Oliver didn’t share the same thought...
###Chapter 493: IRIS LOST HER TEMPER
Chapter 493: IRIS LOST HER TEMPER
Redmond could smell Sofia’s scent from behind the door to the Luna’s bedroom, but she was not alone, Maria was there with her to take care of her. The old lady had been taking good care of her, especially after the death of Jemma and she didn’t have anyone to rely on in this pack. 
The dispute she had with Iris had sent Kaz and a few other pack members of the Howling Wolf pack to the dungeon and Kaz was the one who was very vocal in supporting Sofia from the moment she arrived in this pack. 
Redmond was glad Cane stood up for Iris, but he was not sure what to feel with Sofia’s current situation. She still believed the baby was Cane’s and it irked him to no end, despite what he said about not wanting to be a father. He didn’t think he would be a good one, thus it would be better not to try. 
Currently, Redmond was standing outside the door, holding a loaf of bread that was still hot. The pack was in shambles after the battle and countless people had died, thus they needed to strengthen the pack’s protection and make a plan of what they needed to do. 
The fact that the royal warriors had waged a war against them, meant the King had decided to eliminate Cane blatantly. The greedy old king wanted his hands on the seven packs under Cane. Redmond could see how Cane became a threat to the King. 
"What are you doing here?" Maria suddenly opened the door and saw Redmond. She had sensed his presence a few minutes ago, but because Redmond didn’t make an appearance, she decided to walk out of the room for a while, after she put Sofia to sleep. What happened earlier shocked her and she couldn’t stop crying. 
Redmond was startled, he was deep in his own thoughts and didn’t notice Maria approaching him. "Nothing. I only want to give you this." He handed her the loaf of bread in his hand. "Make sure she eats it. There is not much food left because those bastards ruined our storage." 
Maria pressed her lips tightly, as she received the loaf, but she couldn’t help it and mumbled under her breath. "Half of the bastards you were talking about were your people." She clearly drew the line between the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack here. 
What happened yesterday would only add more tension to the relationship between the two packs. 
"And I have been here, since yesterday, risking my own precious life to kill my own people," Redmond said sarcastically, he stared down at the old woman. "Does it make you feel better?" 
Maria lowered her head even more, avoiding his eyes altogether. 
"Next time, if you care so much about your pack, you are welcome to go out and fight with us, because it is so tiring to defend your ungrateful ass." 
After saying that, Redmond swiftly left. His emotions were all over the place. He knew he did the right thing by killing his comrades for their betrayal and standing by the Howling Wolf pack people, but it didn’t mean his heart did not ache when he had to kill his men with his own hands. He had known them longer than he knew the people from the Howling Wolf pack, who were still half accepting of himself and Iris. 
In his current bad mood, Redmond couldn’t sugarcoat his words. Hell. He didn’t even talk nicely to Cane either until recently, so a mere ’Maria’ wouldn’t hold any value in his eyes. 
"Damn! I want to ask how the baby is!" Redmond grumbled begrudgingly because he forgot, but he didn’t want to walk back and face that old woman again. 
============================== 
The four of them walked in silence as they went through a secret shortcut toward the pack house. Avid was on a mission to inform the warriors about the King’s scheme and the fact their alpha was in danger. He was on a mission to seek help, but he died on the way before he could accomplish it. 
Avid was a dedicated warrior, probably this was his first and last mission that he failed to accomplish. 
Meanwhile, it was only Iris, who could see his spirit right now. He looked sad and the sight of him squeezed her heart so badly. 
"Are you sure this is the right way?" Oliver asked. 
"This is the right path," Iris replied, without turning her head toward Oliver, but none of them realized this peculiarity, since they didn’t interact with her much in the past. 
"How do you know this path?" This was a secret path for a reason, only a few warriors knew about this. 
"Avid is guiding us," Iris replied in a matter of fact tone, while the lycan looked so bored. He kept pulling her hair or twisting it between his fingers; he would stop every time Iris glared at him, but repeat his antics two minutes later. 
Aliana watched everything and there was a deep frown between her brows, she knew Cane wouldn’t act so childishly like that. There must be something more to it... She planned to interrogate Ethan once she reached the pack. She wouldn’t let the Gamma go before she got all the answers she wanted. 
"Are you really able to see spirits? I have never heard of someone having that kind of ability before," Oliver started his own interrogation, because he looked doubtful of her.
"Yes, me neither," Iris replied simply. She was too tired to read between the lines. 
"What are you, Luna Iris? How can you do that? Does your power have anything to do with... Alpha Cane’s condition? Is that the reason why he becomes like that?" Oliver’s tone turned accusatory, which made Aliana turn her head as well to warn the warrior. 
Even though Aliana wanted to ask the same question, she was wise enough to know this was not the right time to fire countless questions. All of them were so tired and they wanted to go back to the pack so badly. 
Finally, Iris lost her temper. She was so sick to be accused of having some kind of underlying motive when all she wanted to do was to help. 
Iris stopped walking and turned around to face Oliver. Her blue eyes shone brightly under the sunlight. "Warrior, you can ask me these at a more appropriate time. I am not going anywhere. And do you think it is really necessary to question my motives when I am here to help you retrieve the body of one of your comrades? I don’t know that you can be this careless about your friend." 
Oliver clamped his mouth real fast. He gritted his teeth hard, seemingly fighting back the urge to talk back, but he swallowed it down and apologized instead. 
"My apologies, Luna Iris," Oliver said in a hoarse voice, as if he was forcing himself to say the words and it didn’t sound genuine at all. 
"One more thing, Oliver. I am still your alpha’s mate, the Luna of the pack, no matter how you view me. I hope you can show me a little bit of respect. I hope you will never interrogate me like a prisoner again."
###Chapter 494: LET’S CUDDLE...
Chapter 494: LET’S CUDDLE...
"I didn’t mean to interrogate you like a prisoner, Luna Iris," Oliver retorted. He lifted his head, but lowered it again when he met with Iris’ eyes. Somehow, he felt this uncomfortable feeling of fear for trying to fight her. "It’s only in your mind," he added, because he couldn’t confront the Luna the way he wanted. 
"I feel what I feel. Just because you said you don’t, it doesn’t mean my feelings are not valid. You will be given an explanation, warrior, until then, I hope we can focus on the matter at hand." With that said, Iris turned around and continued to walk forward. 
Of course, Oliver and the rest would be given an explanation, after all, they had witnessed something they shouldn’t and it should be handled with care. This was a secret that shouldn’t be revealed to so many people. 
Meanwhile, seeing the dispute, the lycan leaned over and whispered into her ear. "Should I pull his tongue out and chop his limbs off? You look unhappy when you talk with him." 
"Lu." His name rolled off her tongue with warning. 
"I am just saying." Lu shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. Fortunately, neither Aliana nor Oliver heard what he said. 
It didn’t take long before they finally managed to find Avid’s body. Somehow, more than five royal warriors seemed to have managed to track him down even though he took the roundabout way, so they wouldn’t know the whole path toward the pack house. And he was outnumbered greatly and as good as a warrior Avid was, he didn’t stand a chance. 
He managed to kill five of them, whose bodies were scattered on the ground, but the rest managed to end his life. His enemy managed to claw his heart out, leaving a huge hole in his chest, which killed him. 
It was a gruesome sight to say the least, but Iris didn’t even avert her eyes from it. She hardened her heart to look at Avid, probably this would be the last time she saw this man. His words of affirmation kept replaying in her mind and she couldn’t be more grateful for what he said and how he saw her differently. 
Iris knelt down on the ground beside Avid’s body, as she took off her cloak and covered his body with it. She wiped the few traces of blood on his face with her bare hand and whispered softly to his spirit. 
"Rest in peace, my brave warrior. I will make sure to take you home," Iris said gently, as her palms lit up and you could see the white light appear from it. 
’Thank you, Luna. I hope there will be another chance where we can meet in a better place.’ 
Iris couldn’t answer that, her throat was constricted, as she held back her tears. But, she nodded and watched how the white light consumed him. 
On the other hand, this was the first time for Aliana to see it and she was in awe, though she was not sure what Iris was going to do with it. For a moment, the white light floated in the air and then faded away before it vanished. Nothing particularly happened and this made Aliana frown. 
At the very least, that was what she saw in this whole ordeal. 
"Oliver, carry his body carefully," Iris said. She stood up and let Oliver do his job. She then looked at her surroundings and recognized the dead warriors were from the Blue Moon pack. Her jaw hardened. 
She had this mixed feeling that the situation between her and the members of the Howling Wolf pack would only decline since the Blue Moon pack joined hands with the royals to attack the Howling Wolf pack. "Aliana, do you know this place?" 
"Yes, I do." 
"Can you lead the way back to the pack house?" Because Avid’s spirit had disappeared, there was no way she could find a way out of this big forest on her own. 
"Sure." Aliana took the lead from there. 
Meanwhile, Iris found Lu sitting under a huge tree, nodding off. It seemed he had reached his limit and was barely able to continue walking again. 
"Lu... Lu..." Iris shook his arm, calling his name softly. "We need to go, let’s walk for a bit more, okay?" 
Lu lifted his head. He stared at Iris with his sleepy red eyes. "I am sleepy..." He whined. 
"I know. Let’s go back and you can sleep more comfortably in bed." 
Lu blinked his eyes. "You will sleep with me?" 
"Yes, I will sleep with you." Iris nodded. Aliana and Oliver were a little bit far from her, so they wouldn’t hear this whispery conversation between the two of them. 
"Only sleep? We are not going to do anything else?" 
Iris was speechless again, she really wondered how the first Serafim fell head over heels for this creature, though if they were in a different situation, Iris would have blushed at that question. 
"You are very tired Lu, let’s cuddle, okay?" Iris coaxed him.
"Cuddling?" Lu thought about it for a moment and then nodded. "Okay, let’s cuddle." He yawned and then forced himself to stand up. If this lycan was this exhausted, Iris couldn’t imagine how Cane was... 
In the end, they walked silently toward the pack house again, as Aliana led the way and Oliver walked behind her with Avid’s dead body on his back. His blood, still fresh, dripped to the ground and drenched Oliver’s shirt. Iris, who walked with Lu behind him, watched everything silently. She felt like there was an empty hole in her chest. 
It didn’t take long for them to reach the pack house, which meant, Avid could have made it back to the pack house, if he let his enemy know about the secret passageway... 
But, the truth was; the enemy had already known about the secret passageway and Avid fought them, in hopes he could prevent them from entering the pack house, this was why, during the battle, Jace and Redmond were at a loss as to how their enemy had penetrated their defenses and were in the pack house already. 
Someone had leaked the information about the secret passageways in the Howling Wolf pack... 
Iris and the others arrived at the pack house through the back yard and immediately went inside, where they met with Ethan and the others, who just arrived as well. 
"How can you come so fast?" Ethan was surprised to see them. 
"Secret passageway," Aliana replied curtly. 
"I met Jace and the others on my way here, they are looking for you in the forest and also retrieving more dead bodies of our warriors there," Ethan said this to Aliana and Iris. 
"I will go and tell him we are already here, so he doesn’t need to search for us," Aliana took the initiative. 
"I will go with you," Ethan said immediately. "It can be dangerous, we don’t know if there are still enemies out there." 
The Gamma was about to follow Aliana, but Iris stopped him again. "No, you stay Ethan, there is an important thing I want to talk about with you." 
Meanwhile, Lu rested his head on Iris’ shoulder, exhausted. "Let’s cuddle..."
###Chapter 495: IT’S NOT FUN
Chapter 495: IT’S NOT FUN
"Let’s cuddle, you said we are going to cuddle..." 
Lu was dog-tired after a long night of fighting the four hundred royal warriors and also black magic from lady Cyan and her father. He only wanted to cuddle with his mate peacefully, before the annoying Alpha took over again and wouldn’t let him get control over his body. 
More so, he didn’t give a damn about what was going on with this pack and only wanted to have some alone time with his mate. 
However, in Cane’s absence, it was only Iris who had the full picture about what happened in the Goffa mountain. She also needed to communicate about Cane’s current situation. The explanation to those warriors, who had learned about the connection between the lycan and Cane also couldn’t be delayed. 
Iris wanted to mourn and curl herself into a ball, she was exhausted, too, but there were a few things that must be done, where tardiness could only bring them more problems. 
Iris stretched out her hand to caress his head, so the lycan would stop whining and give her some time to talk with Ethan. "We will, just for a while." 
Lu huffed, but he said nothing, as he rested his head against Iris’ shoulder and closed his eyes, her touch appeased him a little bit.
"There is an important thing I want to talk about with you, Ethan. Aliana, please take a few warriors with you for your protection when you are going to find Jace in the mountains." 
"I will," Aliana said and then nodded politely before she left the area hastily. 
Iris then looked at Oliver, Dyne, Eron and Dean. "The four of you please wait in the Alpha’s study, I will be there with Ethan in an hour. I will ask someone to bring you food and drinks, so you can rest there for a while." 
Oliver looked at Iris sternly before he nodded. He wasn’t used to getting orders from her, more so, it was so weird and felt so wrong to see the Alpha being overly clingy with her, or he could say it was the lycan, since he had those red eyes, but everyone seemed too worn out to notice that, more so, the lycan had his eyes closed right now. 
He didn’t like their current situation, but he was going to listen to the explanation first. 
"Yes, Luna Iris." 
The four of them then went to the Alpha’s study room, while Ethan frowned. "Please, don’t tell me this is another bad news. I think I have received so much bad news that could last me my entire life within a day." 
"Then, you can count this as a trouble for your next life," Iris replied with a small smile on the corners of her lips when she watched the Gamma groan. "I will go back to my bedroom for a while. I will see you soon before we talk to the other four warriors." 
"Okay," Ethan said lightly. 
"Oh, Ethan..." Iris called him again before he could leave. "Do you know where Hanna is? Is she alright?" She had witnessed so many deaths tonight and losing Avid left a huge hole in her chest. She didn’t think she would be able to take it if she lost Hanna too, or if something bad happened to her. 
"Don’t worry, she is fine. She is with Will right now," Ethan replied. 
"With Will?" Iris was surprised to hear that. She remembered the last time they still didn’t talk with each other. 
"Yeah... fascinating, isn’t it? How he finally came out of his shell after learning Hanna might be in danger." Ethan wriggled his brows proudly. "I am the one who dragged him out of the room." 
Iris giggled at the way Ethan claimed his contribution. "Good job," she said as she turned around and took Cane’s hand to pull him with her, right at the same time, the Gamma asked her another question. 
"Iris, is that really the lycan? What happened to Cane?" Ethan knew the gravity of the situation, right now they needed Cane’s guidance the most and what kind of decision he would make to get them out of this trouble was also very important. This was not the right time for the lycan to further confuse the situation. "Can we get him back soon?" 
Hearing that, the lycan lifted his head and then growled at Ethan, which made the Gamma take a step back and give him the sweetest smile, sensing the danger that emanated from him. 
"Don’t get me wrong! I like you, Lu! Love you so much! But, I need my annoying alpha, because there are a few things I need to ask him about." Ethan grinned. "Let’s have a drink sometime when the situation has calmed down a bit. What do you think?" 
Hearing that, the lycan dropped the matter, but he didn’t answer him. 
"’Annoying alpha’?" Iris raised her brows. "I didn’t know that you think that way about Cane." 
This time, Ethan lowered his voice. He mouthed his words, knowing Iris could read his lips perfectly. ’You know, I only said that to appease him.’ 
Iris scrunched her nose. "Come to the Alpha’s bedroom in an hour, Ethan." 
"An hour? Are you sure I am not going to see something I am not supposed to see?" Ethan wanted to make sure of this, since he had to go to Cane’s bedroom. "Okay, alright, I will be there in an hour." He raised both of his hands in surrender when Iris threw him a dagger look. He did not expect for his timid luna to look so intimidating and scary like this. 
But, when Iris turned around and left, Ethan felt there was something odd with the way he interacted with Iris, but he couldn’t put his finger on it. 
With that, Iris took the lycan back to the Alpha’s bedroom and laid him down on the bed, where he pulled her closer and hugged her close to his chest, burying his nose in her hair. 
"Tell me that story..." Lu said sleepily, while Iris patted his upper arm. 
"What story?" Iris asked. 
"That... the monster and the girl," Lu yawned and nuzzled his nose against her neck. He licked her skin and bit her lightly, which made Iris’ body stiffen. 
"Lu..." Iris was sure Cane would be mad when he got his control back if she let the lycan touch her like this. He had told her to stab the lycan if he tried to even touch her, but how could she bring herself to do that?! "Lu, stop." 
The lycan grumbled, but he stopped and went back to nuzzling her neck instead, yet his hand traced her spine, down to her bottom. 
"Lu." 
Unhappy, the lycan sulked. 
"I am going to tell you the story about the monster and the girl, okay?" Iris coaxed him, because she felt bad to see him like this. 
"Cuddling is not fun..." Lu whimpered, but he agreed to listen to the story. 
However, the cursed creature had fallen asleep halfway through the story. His breathing became even and Iris removed herself from him carefully, so as not to wake him up, while outside, Ethan had been waiting for her.
###Chapter 496: THE EXPLANATION
Chapter 496: THE EXPLANATION
Ethan grimaced when he came closer to the door, because the last time he was here, the strong smell of sex hit him so hard. He didn’t want to walk in on such a scene again. 
Therefore, he sighed in relief when the air around was so fresh and delightful. 
"I think she is not going to do it with the lycan even though they share the same body..." Ethan mumbled to himself, since he knew how eager the lycan was to reproduce with her. 
The Gamma leaned his back against the wall, while waiting for Iris to come out. He tried to calm his mind, but it was so hard to do so when he knew this was just the beginning. 
From the information he got from Haco, the King was dead along with four hundred of his royal warriors, Sir Elijah and also... Alpha Dristan. Koda must have not heard about it yet, because if he had, he would have blown his top by now. 
"I thought after I got free from the slavery, I could get drunk until my head exploded," Ethan sighed. He would have never thought he would actually get to get drunk on the troubles that came to them without reprieve. 
"Why do you want to get your head exploded?" Iris asked. She heard that when she opened the door and found Ethan deep in thought. He didn’t even notice her, until she spoke outloud.
The Gamma was startled, but then he gave her his wolfish grin. "I want to know how it feels when one’s head explodes." There were so many deaths today, but Ethan still managed to smile a lot. It was not that he didn’t feel anything, but different people have different ways of coping with grief. 
Iris frowned when she heard that. She didn’t like the way he said the word lightly, it sounded like a bad omen. "Don’t say something like that again," Iris scolded him. She was so exhausted, both mentally and physically. She didn’t need Ethan to add more to her misery with his reckless words. 
"Okay," Ethan agreed readily, scared to see the way Iris glared at him. He didn’t know there would be a day she could scare someone else. It seemed, Cane’s personality had rubbed off on her the wrong way. "Why did you ask to have a private talk with the four warriors?" 
"They know about the lycan and I am not sure how to approach this matter," Iris said. She then proceeded to tell him briefly about what happened in the Goffa mountain, but she left out a few unnecessary details that Ethan didn’t need to know yet, such as her dream and her newly found power. She focused her narrative on the lycan and how the four warriors looked so blown away at the fact that their alpha was actually the cursed creature. 
On the other hand, Ethan listened to her carefully. He already guessed it when he saw Cane’s red eyes. 
"I don’t know how to talk with them, especially Oliver," Iris was being honest with Ethan. She felt Oliver had been trying to attack her and she could feel his dislike toward her. 
"Don’t worry, I will talk to them." Ethan understood Iris’ position 
Actually, there were not only four warriors, but also Chrystal, Alpha Dristan’s mistress. She was also there and witnessed everything when Cane shifted into his lycan form. 
However, she was currently unconscious. It would be a tricky conversation with Chrystal because she was not part of the Howling Wolf pack. She didn’t have the same loyalty as those warriors. What if she freaked out and refused to cooperate? What should they do with her then? 
Cane would have killed her to shut her up, but Iris felt uncomfortable with the idea, after all, she just escaped from Alpha Gill’s tyranny and was subjected to Alpha Dristan’s cruel treatment, but then, even after the two alphas died, she was going to be killed just because she knew something she shouldn’t? 
Iris would talk with her personally, after she had regained her consciousness. 
"Ethan, can you ask someone to look after Chrystal? Don’t allow anyone to talk to her before I did and tell me once she comes to." 
"Who is Chrystal? Ah! The new mistress of Alpha Dristan..." Ethan didn’t pay close attention to that pitiful girl, but he felt bad for her seeing the way Alpha Dristan treated her. Good thing the Alpha was dead. "Will do." He immediately gave an order to the first warrior they met on their way to the Alpha’s study room. 
Once they arrived at Cane’s study room, the four warriors immediately stood up and greeted Iris and Ethan politely. They looked a little bit better after filling their stomachs and resting a bit. 
The four of them went to the front desk, where the Alpha used to sit and give them orders, out of instinct. Seeing this, Iris went to Cane’s chair and sat down on it, while Ethan stood on her right side. Everything went so naturally, as they assumed their positions. 
This was how it went when it was Cane, but the same thing happened when it was Iris. Probably, their minds were too tired to think too much about the situation. 
Meanwhile, Iris took Cane’s chair because that was the perfect spot to look at the four warriors, who were standing in front of the table. Moreover, she was so tired to stand up for too long. 
Ethan then started the explanation, he didn’t beat around the bush. "First thing, let me tell you why Alpha Cane is affiliated with the lycan..." 
The Gamma spoke to them and answered their questions for more than an hour. The situation got heated at some point, but Ethan managed to calm them down. 
They were most likely angry because their alpha sacrificed himself that way and Oliver slipped a hurtful word, while glancing at Iris. 
"The Alpha wouldn’t have needed to do that if a certain dead alpha could keep his greed to himself." 
But, Ethan shut him down and Oliver clamped his mouth shut. "And so, what are you going to do now? Wallowing over something that we can’t change instead of facing the problem right before our eyes? Do something better and stop this hatred campaign, don’t you think this is getting old? He is dead and now we have living enemies that you can hate as much as you like." 
Damn Lady Cyan! She provoked and instilled so much hatred in the warriors in the span of one single night the royal warriors stayed in their place. She really knew how to mess up people’s minds. 
After that, the conversation lasted for another hour before all of them left with mixed feelings. 
"Do you think they will be loyal to Cane and not disclose the secret?" Iris asked, her voice was akin to a whisper. 
"They will." Ethan had huge trust in their loyalty and Iris simply nodded, as she trusted his judgment. 
"Have Grace seen Joel?" 
"Yes, she is with him right now." 
Iris nodded. She would visit him later. "Can you call Amee over? I want to discuss the funeral for the fallen warriors and tell Jace to see me once he returned." 
"Iris." 
"Hm?" 
"I don’t know if you have noticed this or not, but you are handling the pack and yourself really well, even without Cane."
###Chapter 497: A FEELING OF RELIEF
Chapter 497: A FEELING OF RELIEF
Ethan could see the dull light in Iris’ eyes when Oliver tried to bring up the topic of Alpha Gerald and blamed him for their alpha’s misery, to an extent, the warrior tried to vent out his frustration on Iris. 
Just like some of the other members, they still saw Iris as a reminder of their gruesome days and were hardly able to stand her presence. 
However, Ethan could see how genuinely sincere Iris was and there was only one thing he couldn’t comprehend; how could Alpha Gerald father someone like her. It was like a nasty worm gave birth to a beautiful swan. The two creatures belonged to two different worlds. 
"I don’t know if you have noticed this or not, but you are handling the pack and yourself really well, even without Cane." 
Iris didn’t pay attention to Ethan’s voice before, but she thought his voice was very pleasant to her ears, especially when she could hear his sincerity in it. Probably, his voice was the second best after Cane’s. It was silly of her to rate other people’s voices, but this was something still new to her. 
"I..." Iris pulled at her hair anxiously, flustered at the compliment and Ethan giggled to see her reverting back to her timid self.
"If someone complimented you, you should say ’thank you’." 
"Don’t talk to me like I am a child." Iris pursed her lips and this made Ethan’s giggle turn into a laugh. 
"Alright, I will call Amee over." He then left Iris alone inside the study room. 
Iris leaned her back against the chair and closed her eyes, her head throbbed painfully. Thanks to Grace’s concoction, which was really good for her body, or else, she would have collapsed a long time ago if she had relied on her usual strength. 
However, Iris could feel herself reaching her limit. The tips of her fingers felt so numb and her breathing became so heavy. This was the first time her body had gone through such a hardship. 
Only the thought that Cane was still not available and she really wanted to make things a little bit easier for him kept her going. 
Not long after, Amee came, she looked fine and Iris was glad to see the old woman. 
"Come here, sit next to me," Iris said when Amee greeted her. "There is something I want to ask you." 
"Yes, what is it, Luna?" Amee took a chair next to Iris. 
"I want to know how you usually hold the funeral in the Howling Wolf pack. I only know a little bit about it." She once wrote a poem for Cane’s twin siblings and his baby son. 
"With our situation right now, I think we just need to bury them all in the same place." Amee was so sad, she held back her tears when she said that. "I don’t think we have time for a ceremony, Luna..." 
Iris understood what Amee meant, since they were not in a good situation. Their pack was still in a predicament. 
"The ceremony doesn’t need to be upscale, let’s keep it cordial," Iris said softly. "They deserve a proper burial and farewell." 
With their current situation and everything that had happened, it was understandable why Amee thought the ceremony was not necessary, since they had to think about their safety first. They needed to think of those who survived. 
However, Iris had a different opinion. Those fallen warriors had defended their pack bravely. Some of them were even so young, but they didn’t back down when death came closer, or even when they knew they could not survive their mission. 
It would be a sad thing for them not to have a proper ceremony they deserved for what they sacrificed for those who managed to survive because of them. 
Iris tried to explain what she thought about it carefully, but she was surprised to find Amee sobbing into her palms instead. 
She was also surprised to hear the sound of someone else’s crying for the first time. She thought that would have sounded like the sound of the waterfall, but not too loud. It was only a fleeting silly thought she had, since she didn’t have enough time to process the fact, finally being able to hear many sounds around her. 
When the first Serafim cried, she mostly screamed or the tears would stream down her face, but she never sobbed like Amee right now. 
"Amee, what happened? Did I say something wrong?" Iris asked, she caressed her back to ease her breathing, but all of a sudden, Amee hugged her instead. She hugged her so tightly and it was so surprising for such an old woman to have this kind of strength. 
And when Iris thought Amee was going to crush her bones, she let her go and wiped her tears, trying to compose herself. 
"Why are you crying, Amee? Was my suggestion too much?" Iris couldn’t think of anything else, her head throbbed, demanding her to take some rest. 
"No. No." Amee shook her head and took both of Iris’ hands. "Thank you... Thank you for your understanding... I do think the same, they need a proper farewell." 
Most of the fallen warriors were people that Amee had known since they were very little. She thought of them as her own children, so of course, she wanted the best for them. It was just, she tried not to get her hopes high, because their situation was rather chaotic at this moment. She didn’t want to appear greedy and demanding to have such thoughts. 
But, now she was glad. She was even relieved when Iris was the one who suggested that, that was why she couldn’t hold back her tears. 
On the other hand, Iris was also relieved when she heard Amee’s reason for crying. "Help me prepare for it, okay?" 
"Absolutely, Luna." Amee nodded with a bright smile on her face. 
Iris was in an odd situation with the rest of the pack after the incident with Sofia and Kaz, therefore, she was not comfortable giving any orders to them, she felt so distant with most of the pack members now. 
Therefore, she thought of having Amee to help her. It would be more comfortable for both Iris and the pack members to have this old woman as the middleman. 
After talking about how to arrange the ceremony as simply as possible, while not deducing the sacredness, Amee left to prepare everything and gather the people she needed. The ceremony would be held in the evening the next day and they would need Cane for that, as he was the Alpha. 
Iris was a little bit worried about that part and hoped Cane would return soon, or else, it would be a disaster to let Lu take the role. 
Once Amee left, Iris was about to walk out of the study room, but she staggered a little bit and stopped walking, as the room spun before her eyes. She took a deep breath and continued to walk anyway. 
"Ethan?" Iris called for the Gamma, but he was nowhere to be found. "Where is Ethan?" She asked one of the warriors. 
"Gamma Ethan is talking to Sir Koda. He is furious. Gamma Ethan is trying to calm him down," he replied.
###Chapter 498: CANE’S CRAFTINESS
Chapter 498: CANE’S CRAFTINESS
Koda must have learned about the death of Alpha Dristan and now he was making a fuss, demanding an explanation about the whole mess. After all, it was the Alpha of his pack that had lost his life. Someone must take responsibility for it. 
If the Howling Wolf pack, by any means, was involved in the death of Alpha Dristan, it could cause a discord between them, no matter what cooperation had been between them, it would cause a bloody war between the two packs. 
The Howling Wolf pack was not in a good position right now, they couldn’t afford another battle at this moment. Knowing that, Koda was being very hostile and rude. All the polite front he showed during their cooperation in the Riverside pack and in the palace was dropped. 
"My alpha is dead! It will be a pack problem! I want to know who is responsible for this!" Koda roared. 
That was the first sentence that Iris heard when she entered the war room, where Koda was blowing his top at Ethan. The Gamma looked like he was going to lose his temper at any given moment now. Ever since the incident in the palace, the Gamma could control his temper better, though it was not good to provoke him too much. 
And right now, Ethan seemed to be at his wits end being at the receiving end of Koda’s bullcrap. 
Iris immediately approached him and put her hand on his arm, which surprised Ethan, but he looked slightly relieved seeing she had come. He was too caught up in his plans to claw Koda’s mouth apart in his mind to notice her presence sooner. 
"What is going on here?" Iris asked, though she knew what happened roughly, but she was not sure whether Koda knew about the death of the King or not. And what about Lady Cyan? "Where is Jace?" She tilted her head toward Ethan. 
"Jace is on his way here, he is with Lou, they are talking about something." Noticing the fact that Ethan didn’t disclose what Jace and Lou were talking about, Iris assumed it was something that Koda shouldn’t know. 
"Iris! It’s a good thing you are here, as the Luna of the pack, I demand your responsibility and explanation about what happened to my alpha!" Koda said angrily, he was being disrespectful when he addressed Iris without her title. 
"She is the Luna of the pack, watch your mouth! Her status is well above yours!" Ethan barked back. His body was trembling, he was on the verge of making his imagination to end this old man’s life come true, but Iris held his arm, to prevent him from complicating the situation even further. 
"Why are you so angry, Sir Koda? We just got attacked by the royal warriors, it is not wise of you to seek trouble by losing your temper." Iris tried to make her voice even, while thinking what she should do about this situation. 
What would Cane do if he was here? What kind of plan would he resort to turning the tables around? 
Iris tried, she really tried so hard to think like him, but she couldn’t. She was not as cunning and calculative as him yet, and so, she couldn’t see a way out of this situation. More so, her head throbbed even more when she tried to think a little bit harder for a solution. How would Cane’s mind work? She wondered... 
"My alpha is dead!" He emphasized this. "Don’t you think it’s a great trouble for me and my pack?!"
Iris tightened her grip on Ethan’s arm when she felt he was about to bark back again. Having spent her time with him for months, she knew whatever came out of his mouth right now would only escalate the situation to nowhere without solution. 
"Hundreds of warriors from the Howling Wolf pack have died too, Sir Koda, if you have not yet noticed that. My alpha is not in good condition either right now." Iris straightened her back, if worse came to worst, she only needed to unleash Ethan and the Gamma would take care of him. After all, there was no way she could get in an altercation with this old man. "I am sorry for your loss, it is incomparable, but it doesn’t mean we survived the attack unscathed either. Countless warriors from the Howling Wolf pack have been dead as well." 
"They are nothing compared to an alpha!" Koda roared. He really overstepped his boundaries by saying something like that. Just because the fallen warriors were not from his pack and he cared less about them, it didn’t mean it was something he could say no matter what kind of situation he was in. 
"And your alpha is nothing compared to those fallen warriors!" Iris snapped back, her blue eyes were ablaze with anger, she emphasized every word she said. 
And probably because Koda didn’t expect this runt to shout back at him, he was slightly taken aback and speechless. 
Right at that time, someone else entered the room and a shocked gasp escaped Iris and Ethan’s lips upon seeing the person. 
"Al- alpha? C- Cane?" Ethan stammered, he dreaded the thought it was Lu who came into the picture. He was going to approach him when he saw his black eyes. "Cane? Is that you? Are you okay?" He asked under his breath, just to be sure it was really him. 
Now, the Gamma felt like crying to see his callous eyes and cold demeanor when he didn’t regard his question at all. He had never been this happy to be ignored by Cane. 
It was not because he came to deal with Koda, since this old man was only a nuisance, but there were a lot of things he needed to report to the Alpha and even more decisions to make. 
However, Iris had a different thought from Ethan, as she approached Cane. "Are you okay?" She could see how pale he was, but it was him. Probably, he had only slept for three hours at most, since she cuddled him to sleep. 
"I am fine," Cane said softly, he rested his arm around her waist and kissed her forehead to smoothen the crease between her brows, only then he shifted his attention toward Koda. 
Now, Iris and Ethan waited for what kind of plan Cane would concoct to get them out of this dire situation. 
"Alpha Cane, I am happy to see you here," Koda tried to make small talk with Cane, but the Alpha didn’t have time for that. 
"Alpha Dristan is dead," Cane stated the obvious. 
"Yes and I am here to demand an explanation and responsibility from whoever killed him!" Koda was enraged, but Cane’s reply shut him up. 
"The King ordered Lady Cyan to kill him with dark magic." 
There was a moment of silence inside the room. "What?" 
"Isn’t it very obvious? With the King’s royal guards attacking my pack while the two alphas, who possessed the only mines in this realm, were pushed into a vulnerable state... Do you think the King will not salivate at the opportunity to get his hands on the two packs?" Cane was not telling a lie, but he wouldn’t say the full truth either. He would only say something that would benefit him from this whole situation. 
"What?" Koda staggered back. 
Meanwhile, Iris and Ethan glanced at each other, they were clueless about what kind of game Cane was playing right now. The Alpha looked so calm, as if he had everything under his control and had thought about this carefully. 
"But... but, where is the King now?" 
Jace had not yet disclosed this matter yet, because this information was too shocking and he must tread carefully, he needed Cane’s order about how to reveal the death of the King. 
"He is dead." Cane stared deep into Koda’s eyes when he spoke his next words. "Lady Cyan killed him." 
Lady Cyan didn’t directly kill King Aeon, but whatever spell she had put on the King rendered Aeon unable to move and feel anything when the monsters attacked them, which led him to meet his own demise. 
"There is no way that happened... but... how?" Koda was utterly speechless. His mind went numb, he couldn’t think of anything for a moment, and Cane filled it with a hint. 
"I have mentioned this before." Cane drew circles on Iris’ waist mindlessly as he continued to speak languidly. "Lady Cyan is a dark witch, she used dark magic to move the warriors. If you don’t believe it, you can check the dead royal warriors in the mountain, after all, dark magic leaves traces." 
Koda’s mind was running so wildly. "What? What should we do now? What should I do now? The King is dead, Alpha Dristan is dead!" He was panicking, as he was at a loss and Cane let the news sink in first before he spoke again. 
"You know what to do and there is no time for any delay," Cane said in a convincing tone, as if Koda should be smart enough to figure this out. 
Not only Koda, who felt the tension and frustration, but Iris and Ethan were also curious about what Cane was going to say. 
"What do you mean? What should I do?" 
There was this small smile on the corner of Cane’s lips. "Your great grandson is the Crown Prince and his status has been acceded by the King. With the death of the King, your great grandson will need all the power the Red Claw has to support his claim to the throne. You should be his regent until he comes of age."
###Chapter 499: DON’T DO THAT AGAIN
Chapter 499: DON’T DO THAT AGAIN
Iris and Ethan were dumbstruck hearing what Cane just suggested. They were aware that some extreme situations demanded extreme decisions, but was it wise to put Koda in such a high position? Let this greedy man become a king? 
It would be a testament for the whole kingdom. 
What was actually in Cane’s mind? What was he trying to achieve by putting Koda on the throne? He could have snatched the throne for himself, no? 
However, no matter what questions swamped their minds, Iris and Ethan didn’t say a word and let Cane handle the situation. 
The Alpha looked exhausted, but it didn’t mean he came unprepared. They could see in his eyes how shrewd he was to mess up Koda’s mind and try to make him walk in the direction he wanted him to by using his greediness for power. 
"Take the bodies of the royal warriors and the remnants of the King’s body, if there are any, to prove Lady Cyan’s involvement in dark magic. Since the Serafim is on her way here, you can prove to the whole world that the King was killed by dark magic and if you are crafty enough, you can get the Holy Kingdom to support your great grandson’s claim to the throne. You will need as much power as you can get to get rid of the other princes in the palace, as they will start to have their eyes on the throne, once the news about the death of the King spreads." 
Cane’s eyes became slightly darker at the mention of the Princes. 
"Be careful with Prince Alan, because Lady Cyan is still his mother. She must have something under her sleeve to put her son on the throne again." 
Koda listened to what Cane said diligently, he looked like a student, who tried to absorb all the lessons from the teacher. 
"Once you sit on the throne and secure your great grandson’s position, everything will be easier from there. After all, as subjects, we should oblige the Sovereign." Cane played with Iris’ hair absentmindedly, twisting her curls between his fingers. "You need to move fast before the word about the death of the King gets out or Lady Cyan manages to build her forces within the palace, or it will be hard for you to claim the throne." 
Cane deliberately directed Koda to deal with this messy situation and also hinted at what kind of power he could hold in his hands. As the regent, he was literally the King, the highest position in this continent. The throne was his until the baby could come of age, which would be eighteen years from now. 
As for Koda, even as someone that was so greedy for power, never in his wildest dreams, would he have imagined himself to sit on the throne. The thought of it thrilled him. He could feel the excitement rise in his mind as goosebumps broke out on his skin, imagining himself wearing the crown... 
And after what Cane said, Koda felt enlightened and could see that the situation was in his favor. It was not a dead tunnel. It was a great opportunity! Why didn’t he think about this earlier?! 
Meanwhile, Cane did this because he needed all the distraction to let everyone’s focus be redirected to the palace, so he could have enough time to strengthen and stabilize his own pack. He could see clearly that the Howling Wolf pack was now in shambles. It was in a vulnerable state. 
All it needed was one attack and they would be pushed back into misery once again. 
Not to mention the other six packs under him. Everything had not been reorganized yet. He still needed to visit a few packs and see the condition there with his own eyes. Letting Koda handle the dispute among the royals and deal with the people from the Holy Kingdom was necessary, with that, Lady Cyan would have a hard time too. 
"I am going, I will get going now..." Koda mumbled under his breath. "You are right, you are right." He nodded at his own words and then looked at Cane, his eyes shone with greediness and determination. "I will fight for my great grandson’s rights! I will march the warriors from the Red Claw pack to defend the throne! They will be furious once they learn about what happened to our alpha." 
"Hm." Cane nodded, he caressed Iris’ earlobe this time, which made her swat his hand away from her ear. Her frowning face put a small smile on the corner of his lips, but Koda didn’t notice that, since his mind was occupied by something else. 
Meanwhile, Ethan really wanted to facepalm himself seeing what his alpha was doing. How could he be playful with his mate in this serious situation? Was this Lu, trying to act like Cane? Or was it actually Cane, who got the lycan’s bad habits? 
"I need to go now." Koda looked anxious. 
"Yes, go now." Cane nodded, encouraging him to leave. 
With that, Koda didn’t hesitate a second to leave the Howling Wolf pack. He needed to send a word to his pack and arrange everything, more so, just like what Cane said, he needed to gather a few bodies of the royal warriors and the King’s as well, to prove Lady Cyan was a black witch and give the evidence to the Serafim, who would arrive by the end of this week. 
Lady Cyan and her dark magic wouldn’t be a problem then. With that thought, Koda rushed out of the war room. 
Once it was only the three of them, silence fell inside this room for a moment before Cane shifted his attention toward Ethan and spoke in his hoarse voice. 
"You can leave, too." 
"But, I don’t want to go," Ethan said. He had a lot of questions and needed Cane’s decision to do certain tasks, yet the Alpha didn’t have any patience left for him. 
"Gamma Ethan, you can leave." 
Ethan flinched, he grimaced, because Cane wouldn’t have called him with his title if he was not being serious, like super serious. 
"Okay, okay, I know. I am leaving." Ethan scurried out of the room, giving the privacy that his alpha demanded from him. 
"Cane..." Iris was about to ask how he felt when suddenly the rest of her words were swallowed by the Alpha. 
Cane pressed his lips against hers. He held her so close against his chest and this left Iris breathless. She could feel the room spinning, she felt lightheaded as his kiss was so demanding, showing his dominance. 
Cane felt shaken up when he woke up and he couldn’t find Iris. He thought she had left... it was a silly thought after he calmed down enough and could feel the presence of his mate now, but the appearance of the man named Rei had messed up his mind. 
"Don’t do that again..." Cane said against her lips, while biting them, as if to punish her. 
Meanwhile, Iris couldn’t understand what she had done. She didn’t do anything, right? Aside from arranging a few things to make it easier for him. 
"Don’t do that again..." Cane repeated softly.
###Chapter 500: HIS FEELING
Chapter 500: HIS FEELING
It was so insane when Cane realized how mortified he was to find himself waking up alone and not being able to find Iris anywhere. Her scent around the room and on the pillows had long faded, implying she left for quite some time. 
The first thing that came to his mind was; Rei. The man had taken her away and he had no idea whatsoever where to find her. It also didn’t help when her words kept repeating in his mind from when she said this was not her home, that she wanted to leave... 
His head was a mess until he found out she had been organizing a funeral with Amee and was currently with Ethan to talk with Koda. Cane relaxed a little bit when he learned about that and completely calmed down only when he had her back in his arms. 
It was so insane for something like this to actually happen to him. His feelings for her were like a broken dam and the lycan was responsible for opening the gates to his emotions that he had suppressed for a long time. 
A lot of things happened in such a short time and Cane was unable to control his feelings. He was overwhelmed with the thoughts he could lose Iris like the way he lost his destined mate if he was being reckless now that they were in the throes of power struggle. 
Not only from the palace, but also the threats that this newly found realization, that she was somehow connected to the first Serafim, would bring then. The Holy Kingdom would be on the list of troubles if he couldn’t handle this situation well. 
There was a part of Cane that regretted getting the Holy Kingdom involved in this matter. Only if he had known sooner... 
"Don’t do that again..." Cane nibbled on her lips and caressed her back. He felt like he would never get enough of her. 
Thankfully, Cane stopped himself just in time before Iris went completely out of breath. Since she felt the room spin, she had put her weight completely on him. 
"Are you okay?" Cane asked, he brushed his thumb on her swollen lips. He had kissed her too hard and now he could see the result of it. "Does it hurt?" 
"Yes," Iris said softly. She pouted her lips and stared at him sheepishly. 
"Sorry." This time Cane leaned over to lick her lips instead before he ran his thumb over her cheekbones, tracing her jawline to her earlobe, which made her squirm and this made him smile. 
"Cane, don’t touch my ears," Iris protested and pushed him away. She pushed his bad hands away from her ear. 
"They are cute, I can’t help it." 
Iris blinked her eyes when she heard that. It didn’t sound like something Cane would say. She was sure there were no changes to when Cane dealt with his opponents. He was callous and calculative like usual, but it was definitely not the same when there were only the two of them. 
He became a little bit more... affectionate? If she could say... Cane became even more open with his feelings. 
"What is it?" Cane frowned because Iris kept staring at him with that silly look on her face without saying anything. 
"Cane, are you sure, Lu doesn’t affect you?" Iris thought his openness was due to the fact that Lu could take over his consciousness and somehow it rubbed off on him. 
"Don’t talk about him," Cane said sternly. He looked like he was going to kill someone when Iris pulled Lu into the conversation. "He will never come out again." 
"But, we will need his knowledge to know more about the first Serafim," Iris mumbled to herself, but obviously Cane could hear that clearly. "Cane!" Iris screamed when she felt her body being lifted. 
Cane sat her down on the table and put his arms on either side of her body, trapping her in. His face was so close and Iris could see his dark eyes looking a few shades darker if that even possible. 
Being so close, Iris could see the scar on his face and felt her heart ache so badly, she couldn’t imagine enduring pain from such a scar. Shifters were able to heal themselves, therefore, if a wound left a scar, it must have been so bad. 
"He will never come out again, unless it’s a new moon, even so you will not be there with me, understood?" Cane said sternly and Iris nodded. 
But a second later, Iris started laughing. Her voice was so clear and melodic in Cane’s ears, though it didn’t stop him from frowning. 
"What is it?" 
"Are you mad because I cuddled you to sleep?" 
"You were with him, not me." 
"But, it’s you, not any other man, right?" 
"No." 
Iris chuckled, she felt this was so silly. This could be considered as their first disagreement, but the topic didn’t make any sense at all in some senses. 
However, it brought comfort, since they argued about such mundane things and forgot for a while about what happened and the dire situation they would face just right outside of this room. The deaths of the pack members, the fall of the royal family, the people from the Holy Kingdom, the schemes... everything... 
"Don’t be angry..." Iris wrapped her arms around his neck and pecked his lips. "I was thinking it was you, whom I cuddled with." 
Cane didn’t seem pleased with the excuse, but a knock on the door and Ethan’s voice interrupted them. 
"Alpha, can you come out for a while? I swear, I wouldn’t have disturbed you if it was not urgent!" Ethan said hastily. 
They were indeed being reckless, more than this they would be neglectful about the chaotic world out there and Cane’s guidance was really needed in this moment. 
Cane closed his eyes and pressed his lips against Iris’ before he let her down from the table. "Go back to our room and rest." 
"No. I have a few things to do, too," Iris said lightly. 
Cane narrowed his eyes and stared at her pale face. He caressed her cheek. "You don’t look well." 
"I am fine," Iris smiled. "I will not be able to sleep if my heart is not at peace." 
Cane stared at her for a while, but once again he found himself in awe upon seeing Iris. She must have not noticed this, but she handled things really well without him. She slowly came out of her shell and got involved more. She took responsibility and knew what she was doing, something that Cane had never expected her to do when he took her as his mate almost a year ago. 
She was growing as a person... 
"Okay, but don’t force yourself." Cane kissed the tip of her nose before he opened the door and met with his anxious gamma. 
================================= 
Iris was inside a tent that was built for those warriors who were badly injured in the battle. There were a lot of them here and it would be easier for Grace if they were put in the same place. 
The current situation reminded Iris of the time there was an attack on the Blue Moon pack, where she met Avid for the first time and this assaulted her heart with a sudden wave of sadness once again. 
But, this time, instead of becoming a patient, he couldn’t make it... 
"How is he?" Iris asked, she sat on the edge of the makeshift bed of Joel, while the young warrior seemingly had fallen asleep after he drank his medicine. "He is fine, right?" Iris wanted to be sure if Grace could heal Joel, but the look on the healer’s face was not so promising. 
"I don’t want to give you hope, Luna, but we need to prepare for the worst." 
"What do you mean for the worst?" Iris glanced at Joel’s wolf spirit, it looked sick, just like his human form. 
Grace bit her lip anxiously, but then she knew there was not a nice way to put it. "There is a high chance he will not be able to walk again. In that case, he has to step down from his station." 
Iris balled her fists tightly, she fought back her tears. This was not the right time to cry. "Is there anything we can do to help him?" 
"Let’s observe the wounds on his legs for a few more days, let’s hope the medicine works on him." Grace tried to smile and reassure Iris, but she couldn’t feel it in her heart to be at peace. 
"Where is Haco?" Iris asked Grace, as she immediately stood up. 
"I don’t know, I think the sorcerer went to the other tent to check on the warriors there," Grace said, unsure. 
Haco didn’t have any healing ability, but as a sorcerer, his knowledge should be able to help at times like this, more so, Iris had several questions in her mind. 
Without waiting for another moment, Iris immediately left, but Grace stared at her back for a while. She felt there was something different with the way they interacted, but she was not sure whether it was just her feeling or not. 
However, when Iris came out of the tent to go to the next one, she saw Dyne and Eron waiting for her, along with five more warriors. 
Iris didn’t pay attention to them at first, but then she stopped in her tracks and turned around. "Why are you following me?" She asked in confusion, because she felt like she was leading a small entourage around. 
"The Alpha appointed us to be your personal warriors, Luna," Eron replied quickly. 
Iris froze for a moment. "All of you?!"
###Chapter 501: WARRIORS FOR THE LUNA
Chapter 501: WARRIORS FOR THE LUNA
Even as an alpha, Cane only had two personal warriors, most of the Alphas, too, had only two and they would, at most, appoint guards to escort their women at times. And if a woman was favored enough by their mates, they may get one warrior. 
But for Cane to assign seven warriors to be at her disposal was... too much. 
"All of you?!" Iris was stunned. 
"Yes, Luna," Dyne replied this time. "The Alpha looks so worried..." he trailed off and scratched his nose. "Actually, he wants to assign more people, but he can only allocate seven of us for the meantime." 
Iris was flabbergasted and even more when she realized how people stared at her, because there was no way this small entourage wouldn’t draw attention from them. 
"Let me introduce the other five, Luna..." Dyne said awkwardly, noticing Iris was too shocked to say anything. "This is Asher, Otis, Reed, Kian and Zephyr." Dyne introduced them one by one from left to right. 
Iris tried to memorize their names. She would make sure to talk with Cane about this. "Hm. Nice to meet you." She felt so silly, since she didn’t know what to say and the way people stared at her only made her feel more uncomfortable. 
"It’s a pleasure to meet you, Luna," they said in unison before nodding politely to her. 
A moment of awkward silence ensued, as they waited for her to say something, or for her to give them some tasks. 
"I want to look for Haco," Iris finally said. 
"The sorcerer is in the third tent, Luna," Eron replied. "Come, I will escort you there." He looked fine after resting for a bit. He and Dyne also acted normal after they learned about the lycan. 
Eron and Dyne flanked her, while the other five walked behind them. It was really uncomfortable for Iris, she was fine having Eron and Dyne around, since she had known them ever since they went to the capital city, but the other five were completely new to her. 
"Wait." Iris stopped walking, since she couldn’t handle it anymore. They were inside the pack house and there were a lot of warriors around as well. It was a little bit too much to have this small entourage following her, while the others could use a helping hand or two. Or five in this situation. 
Once Iris stopped walking, all of them stopped as well. 
"Why don’t you go and help the others? Nothing good will come out of following me around. We are in a dire situation, it will be a waste of energy to simply escort me." 
"We can’t leave you alone, Luna," Eron retorted. 
Iris shook her head. "You and Dyne can come with me, while the others can find something else to do to help the injured warriors or strengthen the security around the pack. I think they will be useful that way." 
"The Alpha gave us a strict order not to leave you." One of the warriors, named Zephyr spoke. He had shoulder length hair that he tied behind his nape and a pair of calm brown eyes. 
"It’s not like you are leaving me unprotected, and it will only bore you to death if you simply have to follow me around. You do not like such tasks either, right?" Iris could see she had voiced what they felt. "So, let’s help each other. It will be good for you to find something more useful to do, especially at times like this. It’s not like I will vanish into thin air." 
In the end, Iris managed to dismiss the excess five warriors. They left to help the other pack members, but they didn’t go too far from the third tent, while Eron and Dyne stayed with her. 
"I thought she would be overjoyed with the affection of the Alpha toward her. He sent seven of us to be her personal guards, after all." Kian scratched his head, staring at Iris’ back, as she entered the second tent. 
What she said was right. They really wanted to complain about the task the Alpha had given to them, but they didn’t have the nerve to do so, especially when it was a direct order from the Alpha. 
"She is only trying to look nice," Otis replied, as he went away to help the others. 
"It’s good she has common sense to tell us to do something more useful," Asher added. 
The five newly appointed warriors didn’t find it in them to be excited about this new assignment from the Alpha, as they had mixed feelings about this whole situation. They did not necessarily hate Iris as their luna, but the provocation from the royal warriors the other night, successfully irked them. 
They would rather not associate with her. 
Meanwhile, inside the third tent, Iris found Haco sitting at the corner, picking herb leaves. He looked so old as the wrinkles on his face became even more apparent. Was it because he was too tired after what happened hours ago? 
"Haco, shouldn’t you use the stem instead of the leaves of this herbal plant?" Iris pointed at the stems he had been throwing while keeping the leaves instead. She knew a little about picking herbs, because she had read a book on medicine months ago. 
"Heavens!" Haco slapped his forehead after realizing his mistake. "I must be too tired and have become senile now," he grumbled. 
Iris squatted down in front of the sorcerer to help him. 
"There is something I want to talk about with you," Iris said in a small voice. "Can we talk somewhere else?" She didn’t want anyone to hear this conversation, especially when all the people inside this tent were shifters, who were known to have good hearing abilities. 
"Later, Iris. I am very tired. I know what you want to talk about, it must be something related to the Serafim, right?" 
Iris nodded. 
"Help me here, so I can get some rest quickly, after that, we can have that conversation. I am so tired to even think about what I want to eat." 
"Have you eaten?" Iris looked worried, this old sorcerer looked haggard. 
"At this point, I would rather have a nap than eat food ." 
Iris frowned. "You can’t do that. It will ruin your health." She quickly asked Eron to bring some food for Haco. "I will finish this, but you can’t sleep without eating first." 
"Okay, okay..." Haco nodded absentmindedly. He leaned his head against the pole. "I will just close my eyes." 
Iris felt bad seeing Haco like this. "You will hurt your back if you sleep like that." But, Haco started snoring already. "You said, you will only close your eyes..." She was fascinated seeing how quickly Haco fell asleep. 
Probably, he was very tired after he exhausted his energy and used all those magic stones, even the lycan was so drained. 
"Dyne, can you put him on the empty bed over there?" Iris pointed to a bed across from where they were sitting. "Is it alright for you to carry him?" 
"No problem, Luna. This old sorcerer literally only has skin and bones." Dyne grinned, but then he smiled sheepishly when Iris threw him a look. "I am going to move him." He immediately carried Haco to the empty bed. He was right. This old man only had skin and bones left, even a starved monster wouldn’t want to eat him. 
Spring almost ended and autumn would come soon. The air started to feel a little hotter when the night came. At times like this, heat waves and drought would be another problem they had to think about solving. 
Iris forced herself to help with whatever she could, but she didn’t see Hanna anywhere. 
"She is with Will right now. I am thinking not to call her. Will is being a little bit weird, so I let him be with her in his bedroom," Amee explained to Iris when she asked. "Do you want me to call her over?" 
"No. No." Iris raised both of her hands. "Let them be. They need it." 
Amee smiled gently at her. "It is Alpha Cane’s luck to have you as his luna." 
Iris blushed, she stared at the herbal plants in front of her. "It is my luck to have him as my mate," she mumbled sheepishly and Amee chuckled to see the Luna blush like a normal woman at the mention of her mate. 
"Luna, are you okay?" Amee frowned when she saw Iris furrow her brows. "You look so pale." 
It was already evening again and officially, Iris had not slept for so long. One could say this was the longest period of time for her to stay awake. If it was not for Grace’s tonic which was actually concocted for a different purpose, she would have collapsed a long time ago. 
"It’s already evening, you have been here since afternoon, it will not be good if you fall sick as well." Amee pressed her hand against her forehead, but her skin was very cold. "You need to rest, Luna, I will concoct something and deliver it to you." 
Iris felt she was reaching her limit, too, thus she agreed to leave the tent. Eron and Dyne followed her to the bedroom, where she met with Maria, who just came out of the Luna’s bedroom. She must have been tending to Sofia. 
However, Iris was too tired and she didn’t have anything to say to the other person, more so, Maria immediately scurried away at the sight of her. 
"If you need anything, we will be outside, Luna," Eron said. 
Iris only nodded when she heard that and went into the bedroom. Yet, just as she closed the door and took a few steps toward the bed, her body collapsed to the floor...
###Chapter 502: THE ALPHA’S WRATH
Chapter 502: THE ALPHA’S WRATH
Hanna tried to ask what happened to him, why the sudden change in him and why he pushed her away, whether she did something wrong without realizing it, or if it was something that happened in the palace she didn’t know about. 
She recalled the first time Will acted so strangely was around the new year’s eve. He had been avoiding her ever since. 
However, no matter how Hanna tried to make him open up to her, Will was determined not to say a single word, and only kept repeating how sorry he was for all the pain he caused her. 
"I am sorry... I am really sorry..." Will kept kneeling in front of Hanna, hugging her waist tightly, as he rested his head on her stomach. He refused to stand up, as if he was trying to punish himself. "I am sorry, Hanna. I am sorry..." 
"Will..." Hanna was devastated to see him like this. The sight of him was unsettling. She wanted to help him, do anything to make sure he returned to his old self, but she didn’t know how to and what she could do. 
As of right now, she could only say useless things to comfort him, while caressing his head and his back, so he wouldn’t be so tense. His shoulders were very stiff. 
"Let’s lie down, okay? You will hurt your knees if you keep kneeling like this. I will be so sad to see you getting hurt." 
It worked, as Will slowly stood up. As a warrior, he was so tall and he easily towered over her, but all Hanna could feel was; how his presence casted a dark and gloomy feeling. It was so depressing to say the least. 
"Come here, lie down here." Hanna called Will over after she arranged the bed. "You will feel better after sleeping for a while. I will get something for you to eat." 
However, when Hanna turned around to leave, Will hugged her from behind. He dropped his head on her shoulder, as he took the liberty to breathe in her scent. 
"Don’t go, don’t leave..." he whimpered. 
"I will only get something for us to eat, okay?" Hanna caressed his head, her heart ached to hear the tremors in his voice. 
"Don’t leave me alone... I am afraid..." Will started to sob. He was hyperventilating, but he hugged Hanna so tightly, so she couldn’t turn her body around. "I am... afraid..." 
Hanna gulped down, she felt her throat constricting. "What... are you afraid of, Will? What happened?" 
Will kept repeating the same thing and Hanna couldn’t get anything out of him, aside from the fact he was trembling in fear over something she was not sure about. 
"Don’t be afraid, I am here. I will not let anything happen to you, okay? You are in the Howling Wolf pack, your home. Nothing will happen." Hanna tried to calm him down, but the more she noticed how painfully he cried for help and how terrified he was, the more tears came to her eyes. 
She wanted to beg him to tell her what happened so desperately in order to understand. 
"She always comes in my nightmare..." Will whispered. "I don’t want to do it anymore... she disgusts me..." 
"She?" 
============================== 
Seeing Eron and Dyne right outside his bedroom door brought a small smile to Cane’s lips, not because he was happy to see the two of them, but because it meant, Iris already returned and was currently in their bedroom. 
Today was awfully tiring, not to mention the exhaustion from the other night still fresh in his bones, but knowing he would return to his mate and Iris was just inside their bedroom, his heart was a little bit light. 
He had someone waiting for him and also someone to return to. It was a feeling that you couldn’t describe in words. When you had someone who could push your worries aside for a while and tune out the hectic world which was full of schemes and tricks... it was an out of the world feeling for him. 
"Good evening, Alpha," Eron greeted Cane, followed by Dyne. "The Luna has returned an hour ago." 
Cane nodded to acknowledge the information and opened the door. He could smell her scent and this relaxed his tensed up muscles in an instant, but it didn’t take long for a curse to escape his lips, as he started swearing and barking out orders. 
"FUCK! Get Grace here! Now!" Cane rushed toward Iris. His heart dropped to his stomach to see her lying, still, on the cold floor. She wasn’t moving at all. Her whole body was very cold when he took her into his arms. He felt like he was holding a big ice cube instead. "Damn it! Damn it!" 
Cane immediately carried Iris to the bed and covered her body with a blanket, while Eron lit up the fireplace. Dyne had rushed away to get Grace to come over. It shocked them, too, to see Iris fall unconscious on the floor. They didn’t realize it. 
They thought Iris was just quiet inside and already taking some rest. But who would have guessed that she actually lost her consciousness? How long had it been since she entered the room? An hour? It must be more than an hour... 
The thought of it made Eron shudder in fear. All that time, the Luna had been in a dangerous situation and they didn’t even notice. 
"Al- alpha..." Eron said in a small voice, he looked mortified. "I am... I am sorry, I don’t know that..." 
"SCRAM!" Cane barked viciously, he didn’t want to hear any excuse for what they had done. They failed to protect Iris on the first day they officially became her personal warriors. "All of you will be punished accordingly!" 
Eron trembled in fear, but there was nothing he could do, except for accepting the punishment for their neglectfulness. He immediately scurried out of the bedroom and waited outside. He became anxious too and prayed the Luna would be fine. 
On the other hand, Cane was not in his right mind. His little happiness to be able to return to his mate had shattered when he saw Iris’ current condition. He felt like he wanted to kill someone to sate his anger. 
He had never lost his control like this before. 
"Iris, wake up, please..." Cane cradled her in his arms and spread the blanket all over her body and used his body heat to warm her up, like he had done before. "Wake up, please..." Cane leaned over and pressed his cheek against hers. 
It didn’t take long for Grace to arrive with Amee. She was shocked to see how bad Iris’ condition was and even more when she knew she had not taken any rest ever since she returned to the pack house. She was too busy with the injured warriors to notice that.
"She forced herself too much, I am afraid her health will deteriorate again." 
Cane balled his fists, he shouldn’t have let her go and help. He should have forced her to take a rest first instead. And now she had risked her own health like how he feared she would... those seven warriors, he assigned to take care of her, should have reminded her not to overwork herself, since he had made it clear to them that her health was the top most priority... he should have checked on her earlier... 
But then, with all the things that were going on, Cane also had a lot in his hands to handle. 
"She is fine now, but you need to make sure she is well rested." Grace then talked to Amee and told her what concoction she needed to make for Iris to nurse her health back. 
Meanwhile, the Alpha kept cradling his mate in his arms. His dark eyes looked so mortifying, as if there was a storm raging inside of his heart. 
============================= 
It was so late at night when Hanna handed over the concoction, Iris’ medicine, to Cane. She looked so worried about her missy. 
Not long ago she found Amee, who told her what happened to Iris, thus she asked the old woman to let her do it. Since Will had fallen asleep, she could come see and take care of her missy now. 
"Alpha, let me help change her dress," Hanna said softly. "She looks uncomfortable in that dress." 
"Get the dress," Cane said simply, his voice was hoarse and so dark. His jaw clenched tightly. 
Hanna immediately got a nightgown for Iris, which was in the color of white and walked to the other side of the bed, but the Alpha stretched out his hand to get the dress from her. 
"I... I will do it, Alpha, it will not take long..." Hanna said hesitantly, as she clutched the gown, but Cane didn’t budge and under his piercing eyes, she gave up easily and handed over the nightgown. 
Cane laid Iris down on the bed and started to undress her, his hands moved around her complicated dress, as he pulled the strings loose silently. 
Hanna looked a little bit embarrassed. Not because she was going to see Iris naked, since she had seen her in that state countless times, but because Cane looked so casual when he changed her dress, as if he had done it a few times before. 
"Hanna." 
"Yes, yes... Alpha?" 
In the end, Cane didn’t have any patience and tore the dress apart to get Iris out of her dress. "Tell me about her." 
"Pardon me?" Hanna was a little bit at a loss. 
"I want to know more about her."
###Chapter 503: HOPE IS A CRUEL THING
Chapter 503: HOPE IS A CRUEL THING
Cane realized his lack of knowledge about his mate. He knew how she had helped them during their times of need and he was grateful for that, but then, it was only a fraction of her life and he wanted to know more about her, to the smallest possible details if possible. 
How she was when she was a child, a simple story of how she grew up. He wanted to know everything about her, even the most trivial and mundane things. 
Hanna grimaced at the poor dress that had been shredded into pieces by the Alpha, but she could see how much the Alpha cared about her missy. 
When the Blue Moon pack fell, she was worried about Iris’ life, because these people would hate her without ever finding out the truth. 
And when the Alpha took her as his luna because of the Blue Moon pack, she was worried that Iris wouldn’t be treated nicely and Alpha Cane would further torture her. He was obliged to take a few mistresses eventually. 
But then, as time went by, she watched how well the Alpha treated her missy. It even exceeded all her expectations. One could see how genuinely worried he was about her in his eyes and one could say he had fallen for her. 
The only thing that irked Hanna was the fact Sofia was carrying the Alpha’s first child. It would pose a threat to her missy’s position and she knew Iris well to say she disliked confrontations the most. 
Hanna didn’t want Cane to favor another woman aside from her missy, especially since the pack members didn’t treat her right, even after they learned what Iris had done for them. 
"She was an adorable child, Alpha. She loved to cuddle. I met her when she was only seven, on a rare day, when her father was in a good mood to let her out of the pack house..." 
Hanna proceeded to tell Cane about Iris’ childhood, how adorable she was and how she was an easy child. She had never thrown a temper tantrum and would understand things rather quickly, despite her disability of not being able to hear. 
"... she is adorable, beautiful, cute and has a deep sympathy for her surroundings. She is the kindest person I have ever met..." Hanna literally sold her missy so hard right now to impress Cane, while the Alpha listened to what she said, while changing Iris’ dress. He didn’t flinch when he saw her scarred back. Hanna was worried that he would feel disgusted or even frown. But the Alpha didn’t seem to be bothered by the sight at all, which made her sigh in relief. 
"What about Kellan?" Cane asked in his deep voice, his eyes turned slightly darker at the mention of the Prince’s name. The Alpha didn’t use the Prince title to address him. The crippled prince didn’t deserve even an ounce of respect. 
"Oh, Prince Kellan used to play with Missy when he was still the Crown Prince and came to the pack so often. Missy loved to play with him, since she didn’t have many friends. The only friend she had was the stable boy, but... her father killed the poor boy just because she played with him." 
Iris had told him the story of the stable boy and he also remembered that her father forced her to watch when the boy was killed. 
"But, a few months before the scandal that caused Prince Kellan to lose his title of the Crown Prince, Miss Iris didn’t look happy whenever he came over. She used to hide in the kitchen, or play in my room instead." Hanna tried to remember the cause of it, but she was completely clueless. 
"Probably they fought... I am not sure what happened and Miss Iris had never said anything about it. She is very mature for her age and already knows what she should say and what she shouldn’t... so, when she refused to tell me, I didn’t have any clue what was going on." 
But, Cane knew the reason. He knew what had happened. His claws emerged from the tips of his fingers and he needed to halt what he was doing, just in case he hurt her unintentionally. 
Seeing how the Alpha stopped what he was doing, Hanna panicked, she thought she had said something wrong and misunderstood his reaction. 
"But, Alpha, it had been so long since the last time they met with each other. I am sure, Miss Iris’ attachment to him is very innocent, even when they finally met again in the capital city, she had never shown any sign that she was fond of the memories..." 
There was no way she would be fond of the memories. 
Cane ignored that and continued to change Iris’ dress, so she wouldn’t get cold in her current condition after being exposed to the chilly air for too long. 
Meanwhile, Hanna continued with her story about Iris’ childhood. She tactfully skipped all the things that required her to mention Prince Kellan, Mason or her father. She didn’t want to upset the Alpha by mentioning those three people. It was already great enough that the Alpha wanted to know more about her missy. She didn’t want to screw things up. 
In the end, Hanna ended up telling Cane about a lot of stories of so many compassionate things that Iris did when she was little and how she used to give a big hug to people she was comfortable with. 
"Do you know, Alpha, Miss Iris dislikes it whenever someone touches her ears." Hanna chuckled. "She will pout and move away, even when she was little." 
Of course, Cane knew about that. He figured it out a long time ago, long before Hanna even mentioned it. 
And with that, the night came to an end and the morning came. While Hanna told the stories, Cane cradled Iris in his arms, making sure she was warm enough and fed her the concoction every three hours. He rarely said anything and only asked a few simple questions, which Hanna gladly answered. 
"You may leave," Cane said when he saw Hanna trying to hold back another yawn. She was still excited to tell the Alpha a lot of things about her missy, but her body couldn’t keep up. It was a tiring day, after all. 
"Thank you, Alpha," Hanna said sheepishly, covering her mouth, so she wouldn’t yawn in front of Cane. But after just taking a few steps toward the door, she stopped in her tracks and fiddled with her dress before she gathered her courage to turn around and ask the Alpha. "Alpha, may I know what happened to Will?" 
She knew it was overstepping her boundaries as a maid to question the Alpha, but she was helpless and hopeless about what she should do with Will. He didn’t want to say anything and even turned very distant and silent whenever Hanna forced him to tell her about what happened to him. 
Cane looked Hanna right in her eyes, this was the first time, since he asked her to tell him about Iris’ childhood story that he finally shifted his attention from his mate. 
"Is this the compensation for you telling me the stories about my mate?" Cane asked. His tone was light, but Hanna could tell it had a deeper meaning to it. 
She bit her lip and tried to choose her words carefully. "Alpha, my apologies, but I don’t see this as a transaction. I told you the story about Miss Iris because I want you to know more about the person you care for and I had the same reason when I gathered my courage to ask you this question." 
Hanna appeared humble as she emphasized the main reason for the question. Because no matter who you were, you would want to know a little bit more about the people you truly care about, just so you could understand them a bit better. 
"Very well." Cane was pleased with her answer. He had known Hanna ever since their slavery days, but aside from expressing how much he and his people were grateful for what she had done for this pack, they had never had any conversation. "You may sit down." 
Hanna’s heart skipped a bit, her sleepiness vanished immediately as she came over and sat down again on the same chair. She was on high alert to hear what the Alpha would tell her. 
Once Hanna sat down and she looked ready to listen to the information she would get, Cane started to speak. 
"Will was sexually assaulted by Princess Osana on the new year’s eve, when there was an attack in the palace..." 
The sun started to shine in the sky and it was a bright day, but the more Hanna listened to what the Alpha said, the more the sky looked so bleak to her. 
And half an hour later, Hanna found herself sitting down in the empty hallway, hyperventilating, as tears wouldn’t stop streaming down her face. She clutched at her chest tightly. She was not sure how she walked out of the Alpha’s bedroom and managed to find a quiet place for her to have a breakdown. 
"Arrggh!!" Hanna screamed in pain, she was howling in this empty hallway, where the sound echoed throughout the walls. She cried so hard. She hadn’t cried this hard for so long, she felt her heart bleeding. It was unbearable. 
The realization hit her so hard, as she learned how this set him back so far, after Will had survived a decade of slavery and won his freedom, it was because he thought, just like everyone else, something like that would never happen again to them. 
Hope was truly a cruel thing.
###Chapter 504: THEY WILL BE IN A BETTER PLACE
Chapter 504: THEY WILL BE IN A BETTER PLACE
There, another nightmare, where the same thing happened over and over again. He had been reviving this horrendous scene for so many nights, where he could feel her disgusting hands on him, recalling what she whispered into his ears. Her disgusting scent, her repulsing laughter, her sickening voice... kept replaying in his mind and he couldn’t get rid of it. 
Sometimes, they would even get louder. 
Will suddenly opened his eyes and caught the hand that tried to touch him. He could sense it, because of their presence, he could wake up from that dreadful moment in his head. 
He was about to turn violent against whoever this person that was trying to touch him, yet their scent hit him before he could do anything detrimental. It was a familiar scent he was fond of. 
"Will..." Hanna called his name, she looked surprised to see the hostility in his eyes, but then her lips split into a beautiful grin. "Good afternoon. You overslept." 
Will felt his mouth become so dry dreading what he would have done to Hanna if he didn’t notice her in time. This wouldn’t do... he was a danger for her... 
"Don’t be too close when you wake me up next time," Will said in a small voice, almost like a whisper. He pushed himself up from the bed and sat down. 
Hanna could feel the pain in her heart intensify, but she kept smiling at him. "Okay. Here. You skipped breakfast, I didn’t want to wake you up because you looked so tired, but it’s already noon and you need to eat something." 
Hanna looked like her cheerful self, but deep down, she was picking pieces of her broken heart. Her heart was shattered when she learned what happened to him. No matter how much tears she shed, she would never be able to wash away her sorrows. Her heart broke for him. 
She wanted to kill the Princess and thank that dark magic user who had cursed her. The thought was unsettling, since she was not a violent person. 
"I cooked this for you, try it." Hanna took a bowl of soup from the tray and handed it to Will. "Amee said it’s good to nurse back your health." 
Will said nothing, he stared at the soup with an expression that was devoid of any emotions and Hanna tried harder to get him to eat. She was afraid he would withdraw from her again. 
"You need to finish it, so you will have the energy for tonight," Hanna said again, trying her hardest to get his attention. 
"Tonight?" Will lifted his head and Hanna didn’t miss this opportunity. 
"Yes, tonight. They are holding a funeral for the fallen warriors. It will not be anything extensive, but Miss Iris thought they deserved a proper farewell." Hanna was a little bit sad. She knew some of the warriors and was even close to the two of them. 
Will stared at her for a while, before he stretched out his hand and brushed his thumb under her eyes. "You have been crying," Will stated. 
Hanna bit her lip, she tried to hold back the tears that threatened to fall. She was sad about what happened to the fallen warriors and those people, who lost their loved ones, but her deepest sadness rooted from the information she just learned about him. 
"I am so sad... I am very sad..." Hanna said in a trembling voice. "I feel so sorry... I hope I can do something... my heart is broken..." Tears escaped her eyes and she couldn’t hold them back. 
Seeing her like this, Will pressed his lips, he put aside the soup and pulled her into a warm hug. He patted her back, while Hanna cried her heart out. 
"It’s okay... they will be in a better place." 
I hope so, so would you... 
================================ 
Iris reached her limit when she overworked herself while arranging a proper funeral for the fallen warriors before helping in the tent. If it was not for Amee’s reminder, she wouldn’t have returned to her and Cane’s bedroom. 
However, once she was alone, her tiredness hit her like a crushing wave and she was unable to handle it. Her body gave up, as she fell to the ground and her head hit the floor quite hard, yet, Iris no longer felt the pain, since everything turned dark so fast. 
And the next thing she realized after she gained her consciousness back was the sound of a chirping bird as this warm and callous hand held hers. 
She opened her eyes and found Cane staring at her. He looked so haggard, to say the least, even worse than the last time she saw him. 
"Good... morning," she said in a soft voice, glancing at the blue sky. She quickly read the situation and could tell right away what was the cause of Cane’s stress. 
"It’s afternoon," Cane corrected her curtly. His voice was so dark and tight, as if he was going to lash out at any given moment now, but he did a pretty good job holding himself back. 
"Oh." 
Silence befell inside the room and Iris felt uncomfortable under his piercing gaze. "Didn’t I tell you not to overwork yourself? I can’t always keep my eyes on you, Iris." There were a lot of things he needed to handle. "You have to know your limit and not to overstep it." 
Cane looked so mad and this was the first time he nagged at her. 
"I am sorry..." Iris pushed herself off the bed and Cane helped her. He carefully piled a few pillows behind her back so she could sit comfortably, despite continuing to scold her. 
"You don’t know how mad I was when I saw you on the floor and you have been there for an hour." Cane didn’t raise his voice, but Iris could feel his anger. 
"I am sorry." Iris looked remorseful. 
"I don’t want you to be sorry, I want you not to do it again." Cane put his finger under her chin and lifted her head. Probably this became a habit for him, despite the fact Iris being able to hear now. "I want you to promise me this." 
"I promise." 
"What do you promise?" 
"I will not overwork myself again." Iris looked like a child, who was being scolded harshly for doing something so bad. "Are you still mad at me?" 
"Very." Cane didn’t even try to hide it. 
Iris blinked her eyes, trying to think of something to please him and then leaned over to kiss his cheek, trying to placate the angry alpha. "Don’t be angry, I promise I will not overwork myself again." Iris kissed his other cheek. 
"Do you really think you can get away with this?" His scary expression didn’t even soften with the two kisses he got on his cheeks. 
Iris bit her lip and then touched her head. "My head hurts..." 
"You were fine a moment ago," Cane stated. He could see through her, but even so, he stood up and walked toward the door. "I will ask someone to bring your meals and your medicine," he said in a stern voice when Iris tried to stop him from leaving. "There is no excuse not to finish it."
###Chapter 505: TAKING A BREAK
Chapter 505: TAKING A BREAK
"Okay," Iris said in defeat, as she stared at Cane’s back. He returned shortly after he ordered someone to bring her food and medicine over, and sat down on the foot of the bed, away from her, this made Iris’ heart sink. "Cane, I am sorry..." She put away the blanket and approached him. "What should I do for you not to be mad at me again?" 
Cane said nothing. His jaw clenched tightly, but his eyes were fixed on Iris. He looked like he wanted to go off on her again, but in the end, he sighed deeply and pulled Iris into a hug. He rested his head on her shoulder, as he cradled her again like he did last night. 
"I am sorry, my emotions are all over the place," Cane said. He breathed against her skin, filling his lungs with her scent. He saw how many warriors had fallen because he didn’t expect Lady Cyan to pull such a scheme. He was blindsided and he felt he could do better. At the very least, he should have sensed it. 
However, Cane was completely clueless. He didn’t expect this move from Lady Cyan at all. Not to mention for her to actually expose herself and openly kill a few crucial people like Alpha Dristan and Sir Elijah. She was so unpredictable. 
He failed. His plans had been ruined and he had to start from scratch. Lady Cyan had not only blown away her own identity, but also all Cane had worked hard for. All his schemes, all his plans were useless now. 
He needed to think of how to handle the situation quickly, or else, it would backfire on himself.
Watching all of his dead warriors, people who had been with him for decades, die made it even more real. That was the evidence of his failure, an undeniable proof of his incompetence. 
He had done everything he could, but it was still not enough... 
Consequently, when he found Iris passed out on the floor while no one noticed it until an hour later, where something gravely horrible could have happened, knowing how easy she was to fall sick, it pushed all the wrong buttons inside him. 
"I promise I will take care of myself, so you will not worry again." Iris caressed his head and she could hear how he sighed deeply and then released his hug. He stared at her deeply. His anger seemingly had subsided. 
"I will always be worried about you." Cane leaned over to kiss the tip of her nose. "But, I will appreciate it if you keep your promise." 
Iris nodded vigorously. "I will." Her face lit up a little bit. Her curls looked so messy, but she was still as beautiful as ever in his eyes. 
Not long after that, Amee came in with her meal and medicine. 
"I am so happy you are awake now. I was worried it would take you days to wake up," Amee said in a worried tone. It was well known that Iris would take days to recover once she fell sick, but her body recovered rather quickly this time around thanks to Grace’s concoction. 
But of course, she couldn’t rely on that, since the tonic was made of a dozen water magic stones and the only place they could think of to find the water magic stones was the black market. 
Probably, that was why Cane wanted to get his hands on the Moon Dew pack and also started a collaboration with Lou, the merchant. 
"Thank you, Amee, you can leave," Cane said. 
Amee pursed her lips. "Seriously, Alpha, I barely spent three minutes here and you are already chasing me away." Amee clicked her tongue. She was clearly not happy, but she smiled warmly at Iris and told her to rest more. "Alpha, don’t think of doing anything with her, she needs to rest." 
Iris blushed, it gave a little bit of color to her pale face. "No, we will not do anything." But then, she stopped herself because it sounded even weird when she defended Cane. 
Meanwhile, the Alpha ignored Amee’s remark and started to feed Iris instead. "Eat, you promised to finish your food." 
Iris frowned. "When?" She didn’t think she promised to finish her food, but then Cane was already stuffing her mouth. "Ah, rosemary leaves?" She pointed at a rosemary leaf on top of her soup. 
This leaf was hard to find in this part of the continent, thus they wouldn’t use it unless it was really necessary. 
"Hm. You like it." 
"Yes." Iris brightened up, but then she tilted her head. "How do you know?" She frowned, she didn’t think she had ever mentioned it to him before and no matter how observant Cane was, there was no way he would know such an unimportant thing. 
"I know everything about you, now eat more." 
Probably it was only her feeling, but Iris felt Cane was a little bit arrogant when he said it, yet, Iris was too tired to read deeper into it, thus she chose to enjoy her meal instead. The soup tasted better in her mouth. 
Once Iris was done, Cane insisted for her to stay inside the bedroom and take a rest. 
"If you still want to go tonight, I don’t want you to step out of the bed," Cane said sternly, since Iris was adamant to go to the funeral that would be held in the middle of the night, as they would bury the fallen warriors. 
Someone then knocked on the door and two warriors entered the room. One of them was carrying a pile of documents that Cane had to check, while the other carried over secret missives that had been gathered from all of the spies he had. He needed to keep tabs on what happened, especially in the capital city. 
The two warriors glanced at Iris and immediately left the room. 
"Have people found out about the death of the King?" Iris asked, as she crawled over to rest her head against Cane’s chest, while staring at the report he was reading. 
"It has not yet been made public, but the other packs’ spies have caught wind of it, yet they couldn’t confirm it," Cane answered her question and let her read as well. "Koda must be on his way to the Red Claw pack to gather his men." 
"What if Lady Cyan reaches the palace first? Do you think she will make Alan the King?" Iris frowned, she couldn’t imagine that stupid and arrogant prince as the King. 
Cane contemplated for a while. "Probably. I still do not understand why Cyan is very adamant to make him the next in line." 
"Maybe because he is the only son of hers." 
"Do you think that’s the only reason?" 
Iris snuggled closer to him and wriggled her body to find a more comfortable position. "No. But, I can’t think of another reason, even so, I don’t feel that’s her reason at all. She seems to hate her own son." 
"Why do you think that she hates her son?" Cane played with her hair mindlessly, as he listened to what she was thinking. 
"I can see it in her eyes. That’s the same gaze my father always gave me." Therefore, Iris could tell for sure about it. 
Cane said nothing and kissed the top of her head.
###Chapter 506: AROUSED
Chapter 506: AROUSED
"Cane, what is your next step?" Iris asked. She didn’t want to talk about her father, thus she changed the topic. It felt so nice to cuddle with Cane while listening to his voice, as he patted her head. She didn’t want to ruin this mood by bringing up her father. 
"I am still thinking about that, there is nothing set yet." Cane caressed her earlobe and Iris immediately swatted his hand away without even thinking. Everything had crumbled. All of his plans, all of his schemes, all the fabrications that he made, everything was blown away because he failed to see Cyan’s move. 
He must start from scratch now. Just the thought of it gave him a headache, not to mention he only got three hours of sleep since yesterday and a few hours from now, the sun would set and the funeral would begin. 
"Cane, do you think the sorcerer, who lived inside the hut in the Riverside pack, has anything to do with Lady Cyan?" Iris asked after she contemplated it for a bit. "Do you think both of them are related to each other?" 
Cane didn’t respond to that, as he tried to consider her suggestion. 
Iris then tilted her head to look at his serious expression. "What about the newly appointed head of royal sorcerers? Don’t you think the timing is a little bit suspicious?" Haco said the hut had been abandoned not so long, probably only a few weeks before they discovered it. "If the head of the royal sorcerers was appointed by the King and the King had actually been controlled by Lady Cyan, don’t you think there was a possibility for that?" 
Cane stared at Iris for a long time, but he said nothing, until she felt self conscious and started to pull at her hair anxiously as she lowered her head. 
"I know, that sounded so ridiculous. I am reading too much into it," Iris said sheepishly. How could she think she knew more than Cane? When he was the mastermind of all the plans? She had witnessed it first hand how Cane schemed against his opponents and she would never reach his level of thinking. 
She still remembered how he solved the problem with Koda yesterday. 
However, Cane chuckled instead. "You have a great point, Iris." 
"I have?" Iris lifted her head when she heard his light voice and his chuckle. She felt like she could hear it all day. She was so smitten by the sound of it. 
"Yes." Cane kissed her lips lightly and then her knuckles. "I missed that point." 
"Really?" Iris widened her eyes. She had never thought Cane would miss something. "This is unbelievable, for someone as observant as you to miss something." 
"I am not invincible, Iris. I have told you a long time ago, there would be times where my plans wouldn’t go the way I wanted them to. There is no perfect plan, all you can do is to anticipate the worst and be able to counter it. The schemes that I planned have so many unpredictable variables, and I can’t control each one of them." 
Iris listened to him attentively. The more she listened to it, the more she got a glimpse of how Cane’s mind actually worked and this was fascinating. 
"Thank you for pointing it out." Cane gave her a kiss on the tip of her nose before brushing his lips past both of her eyes. "But, why are you aroused?" 
Iris’ face fell and her body stiffened. "What? No! I am not!" The more she denied it, the more her face turned red and she wanted to scurry away from him, but Cane held her firmly. 
"Now, we need to talk about this matter." 
"I don’t want to talk about this!" Iris screeched, she felt so embarrassed and trapped. She was not aroused, okay? She only felt a little bit... excited to realize this brilliant man was hers. 
"Iris." Iris closed her eyes, but then she realized she didn’t need to read other people’s lips to know what they were saying anymore. Therefore, Cane continued talking. 
"It’s normal, there is nothing to be ashamed of. I am glad that you are attracted to me." 
Iris opened her eyes, she felt like she wanted the ground to split and swallow her whole, but when she looked into Cane’s black eyes, she realized he wasn’t making fun of this situation, nor was he teasing her. He sounded as if this was a normal conversation and this helped Iris’ embarrassment subside a lot. 
"But, we need to ask Grace to do something about it," Cane said. "We don’t want other people to know whenever you feel this way." 
Iris couldn’t decide which one was worse, but it seemed, letting one person know about this problem would be better than dozens of people... 
"I feel the same way about you too." 
His statement made Iris visibly relieved. "People will know whenever you are aroused?" 
"No." 
Iris frowned. "Why? It’s not fair." 
Cane kissed her lips and nibbled them a little bit before he answered her curiosity. "Because it’s in our nature to mask it, just like how a shifter shifts into their beast or a magic user uses their magic." 
"It’s not fair..." Iris repeated the same thing. 
"Grace will handle it." 
Unexpectedly, this embarrassing conversation didn’t go so bad. In fact, she felt a little bit closer to him, as they could talk about this matter without feeling weird. 
"Okay, but not now, Grace must be very busy with the injured warriors." 
Cane didn’t argue on that, but after a while, he asked casually. "But, what made you aroused just now?" He remembered he didn’t do anything, actually, he was explaining to her about how a scheme could work when her ripe scent hit him. 
"Cane!" Iris bit his arm, as he laughed. 
They were fooling around and teasing each other, but they knew not to go for it, since both of them were too exhausted, but it lightened their gloomy hearts a little bit. 
"Cane, you really need to talk about your plans with Ethan and Jace, receiving another point of view will not do any harm, right?" Iris was tracing her fingers against his lips, as Cane hovered above her, giving kisses on her cheeks and neck every now and then, as they talked. "Both of them looked like they were going to cry whenever Lu took over as they were clueless about what to do next." 
Iris brought this topic up again, she had mentioned about it before, but it had become a habit for Cane and just like what people said; old habits die hard. 
"I will try." Cane kissed her collarbones and bit her lightly. 
"Cane, there is this young woman, who was there when you shifted into the lycan..." Iris bit her lip, Cane’s kisses distracted her line of thought. "What do you want to do with her?" 
Cane stopped kissing her and lifted his head to look at Iris’ red face. "You know we don’t have any other choice," he said darkly. "She is not part of our pack. Her loyalty does not lie in me." 
Iris had expected this answer, but she still wanted to try. "Can you let me talk to her first? She didn’t commit any crime, she was just in the wrong place at the wrong time."
###Chapter 507: THE NIGHT OF THE FUNERAL
Chapter 507: THE NIGHT OF THE FUNERAL
Iris would feel really uncomfortable if they had to kill Chrystal for something that she couldn’t control. She did not make any grave mistakes, it was just that the timing was not right. 
"Cane..." Iris tried. "Let me talk to her, okay?" She cupped his face and stared into his eyes. 
"Iris, you know the answer already. I hate to break your heart, but this is not something negotiable." Cane kissed her palm to appease her, but he could still feel how tense she was with his decision. "You don’t need to be there. Just forget about this matter, I will take care of it." 
Iris knew what exactly Cane meant when he said he would take care of it. It didn’t make her feel better at all. 
"Iris." Cane caressed her cheeks and stared into her eyes. He had warned her before that things like this would happen. If it had been in the past, he would have been assertive with her. But, it was different now and Cane found himself softening at the sight of her. He felt horrible for disappointing his mate. "We can’t take the risk, especially with the situation we are in. The risk is too big to let her live." 
Iris bit her lip, she couldn’t say she didn’t understand what they had at stake here, but at the same time, she couldn’t completely agree with his decision. 
Now, she truly realized her situation. This wouldn’t be the last time she would be in this position. There would be many cases in the future like this and it was common sense in this sick world to silence anyone that they couldn’t trust when they knew so much. 
There was no common ground for this matter, but knowing this was something that needed to be done, they left this matter at that. 
"Tell me what happened to you when we were in the Goffa mountain. How come you can finally hear?" Cane tried to change the topic, since the previous one had been settled and he wouldn’t change his decision on that. 
"Oh... I think I know the story of Lu and the first Serafim..." 
And with that, Iris told Cane everything she had seen when she lost consciousness and how she concluded that whatever dark magic Lady Cyan had resorted to had triggered something inside her. Not only her, but the lycan within Cane as well. 
They spent their time talking, there were a lot of topics they needed to cover and even after spending hours, they were nowhere near done. 
This was also the first time for Cane to share his thoughts and have a long conversation, since he used to think and decide everything on his own. 
The more they talked about their current situation, the more Cane realized how fascinating Iris’ way of thinking was. She approached every matter from a different view that had never crossed his mind before. 
Women indeed had different ways of thinking and with this, he could figure out a little bit of Lady Cyan’s approach... 
============================ 
"Order from the Alpha," Redmond said. He entered the Luna’s bedroom Sofia occupied without even knocking on the door first, which made her screech. She was still shocked because of the near death situation yesterday and had been having these cramps from all the stress of her own situation. 
Therefore, Maria had been tending to her and nursing her, so she wouldn’t harm the baby further. 
"Don’t you know how to knock?!" Sofia screamed at the red-haired guy, who looked so brazen and reckless, as he settled on a chair near her bed and crossed his arms before staring at her with that disturbing gaze. 
"Direct order from the Alpha," Redmond repeated his words, completely ignoring Sofia’s protests. "You need to clear this room and stay in a new house, outside of the pack house." 
Sofia pressed her lips, she gritted her teeth, as she tried to hold back her tears. If it was before, she would have rejected the idea and screamed at the top of her lungs that this was the Alpha’s firstborn, but after that night, she was not sure what to believe anymore. 
Redmond tilted his head, waiting for this woman to scream her head off, but it was so weird when she was being so quiet. 
"Hello, did you hear what I said?" Redmond waved his hand, as if to get attention from Sofia, which made the pregnant woman glare at him. "Well, that’s better..." 
It was only an hour before the funeral for the fallen warriors, but Redmond didn’t feel like attending it. It wasn’t purely because of the fact that the dead bodies of the warriors from the Blue Moon pack would be left in the Goffa mountain to let nature take care of them, what Jace said to soften the intent behind it... 
Letting nature take care of them my ass. They were feeding them to the monsters. 
However, Redmond couldn’t demand anything, nor did he want to. There was no point in that. He realized the gravity of the situation. More so, they were already dead and he didn’t want to create more friction between himself and the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack. The current feeling of walking on eggshells around them was already pretty irritating enough to him. 
"Was that... really you, that night?" Sofia finally asked through her gritted teeth. 
"Yeah, it was me." Redmond tilted his head lazily. "Should we go at it again to make you remember?" 
"Bastard!" Sofia screamed, as she threw a pillow toward the warrior, but he simply swatted it away without any effort. "You got me pregnant with your baby!" 
Redmond was offended, what was wrong with carrying his offspring? 
"You made yourself pregnant by not taking the medicine, woman. And the fact you came all the way here to frame him is pretty lame. You should know the Alpha has a peculiar taste. He likes bright colored hair." 
Redmond was so good with his words, not in a good sense, to push all the wrong buttons on someone. 
Sofia knew the meaning behind his words, but if he thought he could hurt her with such lame sarcasm, he must be dreaming. She led a life of being the mistress of Alpha Gallot, where she had to compete with the other mistresses. It helped sarcasm and insults become her own language. 
Women like her probably were even more fluent in talking shit while wrapping it in beautiful words more than those alphas. 
Instead of screeching like before, Sofia threw Redmond a mocking smirk. "Oh, that’s why, even though you came from the Blue Moon pack, he keeps you around, because you are his type?" She nodded at Redmond’s red hair. 
Redmond’s expression turned dark when he heard that. It was so repulsive for one to even think about it. He wanted to gag and it must be seen on his face, because Sofia laughed at him. Her heart was a little bit lighter after she got back at him. 
On the other hand, even though Redmond was good at making snide comments, his patience was only the size of a teaspoon. 
Redmond immediately stood up and started to pack her things. 
"What are you doing?!" Sofia started panicking when she realized what Redmond intended to do. 
"What? Didn’t you hear me? This is a direct order from the Alpha, he wanted you to clear this room and move away from the pack house." 
"But... but, he said... he offered me a deal!" Sofia became anxious, she got off the bed and approached Redmond to stop him. "Stop this!" 
Redmond turned around and smirked at her. "He never said that he will let you occupy the room until the end." 
"But, what about his plans? What about the plan to get back at Alpha Gallot?! He wants to ruin his own plans? What if people start thinking he denied the child and they find out the child is not his before the right time?" Sofia didn’t want to believe the child in her stomach was not the Alpha’s, but there was something in Cane’s voice that made her believe that once she was calm enough to think the matter through. 
After all, she needed to survive, just in case she made a wrong decision and the baby was indeed not his. 
"The situation has changed, the plan has changed as well." Truthfully, Redmond didn’t know what was in Cane’s mind. He was having a hard time keeping up with the way his mind worked. All of a sudden, he was summoned a few hours ago to prepare a small house outside of the pack house for Sofia and was ordered to help her move out of the Luna’s bedroom. 
Iris didn’t seem to know about this, since she was fast asleep when he received the order. But even so, Redmond was pleased that Cane finally took a decision about this woman, so people could stop talking about Iris and corner her with arguments that compared her and Sofia, pointing out how the former was not yet pregnant. 
"What changed? I don’t want to move!" 
"Don’t worry, your little, old servant will come with you as well. She must have been told about this plan by now." 
Redmond then ignored the way Sofia cursed at him and found the joy in making her even angrier than this, as he kept tidying up her belongings, while humming an off-tuned song. 
Meanwhile, Cane was helping Iris wear her dress, both of them would wear clothes in the color of their pack and lead the funeral. 
Iris was wearing a simple black dress. All of them would bring a candle each and all the sources of light would be put off during the ceremony.
###Chapter 508: THE NIGHT OF THE FUNERAL (2)
Chapter 508: THE NIGHT OF THE FUNERAL (2)
Once Iris stepped out of the bedroom, she could see how dark it was in the corridor, while the only source of light was from the candles that two of the warriors held and the pale light from the moon in the dark sky. 
The two warriors were not part of the seven warriors that were supposed to follow her. She had seen the two of them a few times before, but Iris said nothing, it was not an important matter in her mind right now. 
The two warriors handed one of the candles in their hands to Iris and Cane, this little light reminded her of the light she created to calm the souls of the fallen warrior when they were in the Goffa mountain. She felt so bad. 
"Thank you," Iris murmured, as she received the candle and Cane took her hand, as he led the way. 
Outside the pack house, people had gathered together, as they held little candles in their hands. They cried silently, as they chanted a song about a long journey. Their voices echoed softly under the dark sky, while the moon watched them from above, which made the funeral feel even more sacred. 
The atmosphere was warm and the wind was not chilly, but one could feel the tension and serenity, the sadness and the relief, the helplessness and the hopefulness at the same time. 
Amee had told her that the candles were to guide the souls of the dead, so they could go to the afterlife. It was a comfort to their souls, so they could leave this world in peace. 
Iris wondered if the idea had any relation to the way she calmed the souls of the fallen warriors. 
Thankfully, during one of their conversations, Cane explained to her about what they needed to do as the Alpha and the Luna to lead the ceremony. Since she couldn’t shift into a beast like the other shifters, there was nothing much she could do, except for standing next to Cane. 
The Alpha walked his mate toward the river. They were outside of the pack house and on the west side of the pack, where you could see a river, their only source of water in this pack. It was the same river that flowed in the Goffa mountain. 
Not too far from them, Iris could see Haco with a young girl, around the age of ten or twelve, who kept sobbing, while chanting the song. She clutched onto Haco’s cloak, holding the candles so tightly. 
They had dug a big pit to bury the fallen warriors. It would be their final resting place. Because their number was too huge and their pack tomb wouldn’t be able to accommodate them all, Cane dedicated this area for them, as a reminder of their bravery and how they lost their lives in order to protect their pack and their people. 
This was the least he could do. They would start the burial soon after it hit midnight, which was in less than ten minutes. 
Iris grabbed Cane’s hand tightly when she saw a woman fall to the ground and weep, but she didn’t let her candles go off, she protected the little light, as if it was her lifeline and Iris recognized that woman. 
She was Avid’s mate. The warrior always looked happy when he talked about his mate. It was not often and he did it only in passing, but Iris could see how his eyes softened every time just at the mention of her. 
Probably because Iris stared at her for too long, the woman lifted her head and caught sight of Iris. She immediately rushed toward her, which caught Iris off guard. 
The look on her face was so intense and this made Iris want to scurry away. Was she angry? 
Iris was about to use Cane as a shield, but the Alpha agilely stepped aside to expose her mate and to Iris’ surprise, Avid’s mate hugged her so tightly, as if she was going to squeeze the air out of her lungs. 
"Easy, Renee, she is still recovering," Cane said in a firm tone, which made the woman named Renee loosen up a little bit. 
"Thank you, Luna. Thank you so much for bringing my mate back." Renee was trying so hard to make her voice coherent, but then, as if she forgot something, she immediately released Iris’ body and looked at her face to repeat the same thing. 
She heard their luna could read lips really great to offset her inability to hear, thus you need to face her whenever you want to talk with her. That was what Aliana told Renee when she also informed her how they found Avid’s body. 
"I know, Avid is right... he is right when he said, you are the perfect luna for this pack." Renee tried so hard not to tremble when she spoke, so Iris could get what she was saying, but it was so hard when it pained her to be reminded that Avid was gone. "He is... right..."
Iris couldn’t hold back her tears anymore, as she hugged Renee and offered her her condolences, but then she felt it. It was so mild and faint, but it was there. She could feel and see Renee spirit, but she also sensed a new one. 
"Take care of your baby..." Iris whispered softly into her ear, which made Renee jolt as she released her body. 
"Wh- what? What did you say, Luna?" Renee stammered when she heard that. 
Iris smiled softly at her and then placed her hand over her flat stomach. "This baby will be the joy of your life," she said with certainty. She was sure of what she was saying. 
For a moment, Renee didn’t know what to say, she was too speechless to say anything, as she stared at Iris dumbfoundedly, but before she could recover from her shock, Cane pulled Iris away. 
"It’s about to start." 
And with that, the Alpha and the Luna walked through the people toward the front of the crowd and he stuck his candle on the ground, followed by the others before the Alpha shifted into his beast and howled to the moon, and the rest of the pack did the same. 
This howling of the pack of wolves sounded so sad. You could feel how much they mourned their pack members. 
Meanwhile, some of the warriors started to bury the dead bodies... the funeral would end when they had buried all of them properly. 
The howling stopped and the quiet night returned. 
It was also a quiet day until the second day, when they received news from the capital city about the aftermath of the death of the King. 
To say there was a riot there would be an understatement, the war for the throne was a vicious one and somehow, Koda managed to get the Winter Moon pack on board to help them. 
The Winter Moon pack was Leane’s former pack, before she went to the Howling Wolf pack as soon as she found her destined mate, which was no other than Cane. 
They had been lying low all these years, thus to hear they went out to wreak havoc in the capital city in order to help the Red Claw pack to seize the throne was surprising news for Cane. 
"How are the other princes?" Cane asked, he furrowed his brows at the mention of Leane’s former pack joining this fray. 
"They have been having a hard time relaying the information because of the conditions there. Our spies couldn’t send us information right away, because they were shooting down all the hawks that carried the messages. The capital city was closed off with half part of it being managed by the Red Claw and the Winter Moon packs while the other half was under the royal family with the support of the Golden Light pack," Jace reported everything to Cane. 
It was only two days after the night of the funeral and right now, Cane was inside his study room, spending his time brainstorming with his beta and gamma, but at this time, there was another additional person there. It was Iris. 
The Luna sat next to the Alpha, listening to the report, too. 
"What about Lady Cyan?" 
Ethan shook his head. "There is no news from our people about her. With the chaos in the palace, no one seems to care about her at all. Oh, and about the head royal sorcerer you mentioned before, there are two pieces of news about him. One, our people said he led all the sorcerers to defend the palace and the second is the opposite. Our informant said he went to the Celestial Moon pack with Alan." 
"Is there any news from the Celestial Moon pack?" 
"No." Jace grimaced. "It seems the monster’s attack is still their main problem and without any help from the capital city, Alpha Derick’s hands were tied to do anything, aside from defending his own territory." 
Cane fell silent, something that he used to do whenever he was deep in thought and usually, Jace and Ethan would wait for whatever decision he would make. 
But this time, it was Iris, who finally spoke, after she heard all the information. "What do you think you are going to do?" 
Ethan and Jace wanted to tell her not to bother asking, because the Alpha wouldn’t answer her, but to their surprise, Cane actually explained what was in his mind. 
"I can’t believe this," Ethan mumbled sorrowfully to the Beta. "Why do I feel like the Alpha is playing favorites with us now?"
###Chapter 509: THE BET
Chapter 509: THE BET
The best they could do right now was to defend their territory, because the situation in the capital city was still unclear and the war for the throne was still in full swing. Cane planned to use this situation to strengthen the seven pack’s territories under him. 
He was the only alpha in the southern part of the kingdom and right now, including all the seven territories, he had the largest area with hundreds of thousands of people under him. 
Before, the Golden Light pack held the record, that was why, all the royal guards and most of the warriors in the capital city came from this pack. 
On the surface, it was good to have such a large territory with unlimited resources, but then, the complexity of the problems from each area would be another internal trouble that they needed to tackle, especially when summer was just around the corner and some areas would suffer from drought. That was just one of the many troubles that would resurface later on. 
Iris understood the complexity of the problems that they would face, and sooner or later, once the problems in the capital city had settled down, no matter who sat on the throne, they would finally realize how much of a threat Cane became being able to hold such power. 
But, they could think about that later, since they needed to take everything one step at a time. 
"Some of the packs are not worth fighting for," Ethan said. He liked the idea of having more territory, but some packs were simply too poor and would only hold them back. They would give them more headache than benefits. 
"Blue Moon pack, Riverside pack and Chrystal Moon pack are the packs with the highest benefits. Bloody Wolf pack... does not hold much, especially when some of the former warriors of the packs are very adamant not to be ruled by you. Meanwhile the Silver River pack and the Diandem pack will only be a burden," Jace said calculatively. "I think we need to let go of the other two packs." 
"And let the pack members suffer?" Iris frowned. She had read about those two packs and she had to admit there were not many things that they could offer, just like what Jace said. 
"We can’t save all the people, Luna. We need to think about the best options we have," Jace said. He didn’t seem to be happy with his own decision, but he needed to think rationally, since he couldn’t allow the extra territory to become an added burden to them. It was not worth it. 
"And what would happen to the two packs that will not be claimed?" Iris asked again. 
Meanwhile, the Alpha didn’t say anything, he listened to their banter and found this situation pretty amusing, since all this time, Jace and Ethan would do whatever he told them. Yes, there would be a few questions or protests from them, but it wouldn’t turn into an argument or discussion. 
Because at the end of the day, it had always been his order that they had to follow, whether they liked it or not. 
"I think the other packs will claim them," Ethan explained and then added. "We will claim three and I think that’s enough. More so, being able to have added territory will be a temptation, so will the extra pack members." 
"And they would turn the pack members into slaves," Iris stated bluntly, which rendered the Beta and the Gamma unable to say another word, since they knew it was most likely the fate for the Silver River pack and the Diandem pack’s members. 
"Do you have any suggestions?" Cane asked. He caressed her cheek lightly with his finger. Her cheeks looked a little bit chubbier after she started taking the tonic that Grace concocted for her, which was made of water magic stones. Her appetite also improved significantly, which was a good thing. 
"Alpha, you are so mean, you have never asked for our suggestions before this," Ethan complained, he felt like a neglected child in the family. 
Cane tilted his head and looked at his gamma. "What is your suggestion?" 
"Well, we need to let go of the two packs." 
"No. I want them." 
"Alpha..." Jace tried to complain. "Extra territory and extra people are good, but they come with a liability too." 
They had been talking about a few problems and then stumbled on this one, as they couldn’t find a middle ground for it. 
"Why don’t we go see the packs first? After that, we can decide what to do," Iris suggested. She didn’t want to butthead with Jace and Ethan. She was not sure about her opinion either, since all of her information came from books and it could be unreliable, too. "We will be able to judge whether they are as helpless as the informants said or not." 
"The informants are reliable, Luna," Jace said. 
"Yes, I will never say they are not." Iris nodded. "But, there are so many aspects that you need to consider. A pack is a complicated community. If the situation is really that bad, how did they survive until today?" 
"Makes sense," Cane said, as he brushed his finger against her earlobe, which made Iris flinch and she swatted his hand away from her ear. Again. 
Meanwhile, Ethan and Jace could only sigh helplessly. They were talking about something serious, but the Alpha actually couldn’t help but tease his mate. 
After that, they continued talking about a few more things and the meeting ended three hours before dinner. 
"Cane, why have I not seen Eron, Dyne and the other five warriors? I thought you assigned them to be my personal warriors?" Iris asked, she had been wanting to ask him about this matter, but she always forgot, since she didn’t do too much when they didn’t show up. More so, these past two days, Cane had been always with her, except for a few moments, where he had to leave alone, but even so, Ethan would always be with her, or Redmond sometimes. 
"You will get another batch of personal warriors," Cane replied casually. 
They were walking in the corridor, from where they would head to the tents to check on the injured warriors. Some of them had been nursed back to a healthy state, but some of them were still in bad shape, including Joel. The young warrior had been so down and hadn’t been talking much lately and this made Iris’ heart ache for him. 
"Why?" Iris frowned. She stopped walking because she felt this nagging feeling that something was not right. 
On the other hand, Jace and Ethan stopped walking too, as they watched how their alpha would answer that question. They had told Cane that Iris wouldn’t be happy with his decision, but the Alpha was filled with rage and didn’t want to talk about the matter anymore, thus they shut their mouths, knowing Cane was not in a good mood. 
More so, there was no way they could persuade him. 
"Where are they?" Iris narrowed her eyes, waiting for his answer. 
"I put them in the dungeon." 
Iris was shocked. "For what crime?!" 
"For neglecting their duty." 
"What duty?" Iris seemed to have an inkling about this, but she still found herself gasping when Cane really admitted it. 
"They are supposed to be there with you, for you to pass out for an hour without them knowing that, that is dereliction of duty." 
"Cane! How would they know?! It’s not like they were inside the room and let me stay passed out without doing anything!" Iris wanted to cry at Cane’s absurdity. She had sensed it, his possessiveness became a little bit out of control. "Since when were they there?" 
"Since you passed out." 
It meant, it was almost four days. 
"Cane!" 
Meanwhile, the Gamma grinned to watch the scene before their eyes. "Let’s bet, do you think the Alpha will relent to her? Whoever loses will pay for tonight’s drinks." 
Jace gave him a look, but said nothing, as he focused on their alpha and luna again. 
Cane looked nonchalant upon facing his little mate’s anger, while Iris looked very upset, until her face turned red, demanding him to release them. 
============================== 
"Cane said, they are in the dungeon..." Iris mumbled when she saw Eron from afar, his back was facing her, but she could still recognize him almost right away. 
Ethan grinned. He tapped her shoulder to get her attention "He is not wrong. They are indeed in the dungeon." 
Iris pursed her lips. When Cane said they were sent to the dungeon, she thought they would be locked inside the cells, but as it turned out, they were assigned to stand guard in front of the dungeon instead. 
As a battle hardened warrior, to become a warden was a great demotion, still, it was way better than being locked behind the bars. 
And because Iris demanded to get her personal warriors back, Cane gave the order to let them go. Therefore, here the Luna was, with the Gamma to let them know their punishment had ended. 
Of course, Ethan got his drinks covered for the night. 
"Eron!" Ethan called the warrior, who immediately turned around. He didn’t look surprised to see Iris and clicked his tongue when he saw the Gamma. 
"Luna Iris, you are here!" Eron greeted Iris enthusiastically. 
"I hope you didn’t have a hard time in the past few days. Where are the others? Tell them that all of you can leave now." 
"Yes, Luna, thank you so much." Eron smiled brightly. 
But then, Ethan stepped forward ahead of Iris and spoke, thinking Iris wouldn’t be able to read his lips in this position. 
"I told you the Alpha will relent!" Ethan said cheerfully. "I won! You and the others need to pay for my meals for the next two weeks!"
###Chapter 510: A FICKLE HEART
Chapter 510: A FICKLE HEART
Apparently, Ethan made a bet with the seven warriors on how it would end and how many more weeks they would stay in the dungeon until the Alpha’s anger subsided and they were allowed to go back within the ranks. 
All of them thought they would spend at least one or two months there before the Alpha finally summoned them back. 
But, Ethan was pretty confident when he said they would get out once their luna found out. 
The Gamma did that because he wanted to save money, but also because he wanted to make the situation not as serious as it looked like for them, since they looked so guilty to fail their assignment, as he knew, Cane punished them out of impulse. 
"I told you, you can rely on our luna!" Ethan laughed. "Now, the seven of you will take turns to pay for my meals for the next two weeks! You can choose the day!" 
"Meals in the pack house are free! Why do you want to eat outside when you can snatch anything from the kitchen?" Eron grumbled. 
"Hey, I am not always in the pack house." 
"You actually made a bet with them?" Iris frowned as she heard this ridiculous conversation. She was worried sick she would get more haters from the pack members, especially the warriors because of Cane’s punishment for them, but as it turned out, the situation was not as serious as she thought. Eron looked fine actually, so she assumed the others would be, too. 
"Huh?" Ethan turned around, his eyes wide. He was sure Iris was behind him and didn’t read what he said. 
"I was very worried, but you actually made a bet in this situation?" Iris narrowed her eyes. 
"Lu- Luna... you can hear that?" Eron was quick enough to grasp the situation. Though the question was a little bit offensive, he couldn’t help, but ask. 
"Yes, I can hear nice and clear," Iris said, still not happy. 
Ethan and Eros then gasped in surprise. 
"Did the Alpha know about this?" The Gamma came closer to her, as if he couldn’t look at her clearly. 
"Yes, and I think I will ask him to put you in the dungeon, too," Iris said, annoyed. She even decided to pester Cane to release them all if he refused to listen to her request earlier, thankfully it didn’t take much effort to persuade him. 
But, it showed how much Iris cared, only to find out they were betting on the situation. 
"Nooo..." Ethan wailed. 
============================ 
Cane stood in front of the room and a guard handed him a cup of tea. The smell was so sweet, it made one want to taste it. 
"How is she?" 
"She has not been eating much and only lying down on the bed." The guard glanced at the door. "No one talked to her, but it seems she didn’t want to talk with anyone either." 
Cane nodded and the guard opened the door to a small, but clean room, where a girl was sitting on the edge of the bed. She had this anticipating look in her eyes when she saw Cane enter the room. She must have sensed his presence. 
"Alpha Cane," Chrystal greeted him politely, as she stood up. 
"You can sit down." Chrystal sat down on the edge of the bed again. "Your name is Chrystal?" 
"Yes, Alpha," Chrystal replied. 
"Do you know why I am here?" 
Chrystal glanced at the cup in Cane’s hand, she gulped down and her eyes became teary. "I know," she replied in a whispery tone. "Alpha, if I swear to you and pledge my loyalty, will you spare my life?" 
"You can’t pledge loyalty to me," Cane said. He stared into her eyes when he spoke again. "You have been in contact with Lady Cyan when she was here." 
The shock on Chrystal’s face was the answer that Cane needed. "Alpha... lady Cyan offered me freedom, if I followed what she said. I was so desperate to be free from all the pain. Alpha Gill had never treated me well, Alpha Dristan was not so different." Tears started to trickle down from her face. "I only wanted my freedom, Alpha. I think you can understand that..." 
As a slave, she knew her fate wouldn’t turn out to be so well. She thought she would be in a better place when she became a mistress, but being with Alpha Dristan was not different from being with Alpha Gill at all. Both of them were sick in the head. 
"Alpha, I will not betray you... I swear. I want to be part of your pack. I want to live here, please... please have mercy on me. Lady Cyan had not yet given me any instruction, she only told me to wait for her instruction. I swear, I am not lying to you, Alpha..." 
Cane leaned his back against the wall, still holding the cup. Chrystal looked genuine with her words, but he couldn’t take the risk. She had been in contact with Lady Cyan and that was enough reason for him not to put his trust in her, especially with such a secret. 
It was a pain to find the spy inside his pack, he didn’t want to have another potential spy under his command again. After all, he knew how fickle someone’s heart could be. And with the importance of information that Chrystal knew, the risk was too much for Cane to let her live. 
On the other hand, seeing how Cane didn’t budge even after so much pleading, Chrystal burst into tears, as she sobbed loudly. Her whole body was shaking, knowing she wouldn’t have a chance to live the normal life she always dreamed of. 
"Alpha... you can’t spare my life because I have been in contact with Lady Cyan?" Chrystal finally asked once she was a little bit calm, but Cane didn’t answer her. "I only wanted to to survive. Is one act of survival nobler than the other?" 
Cane knew what she meant. He also coalesced with the lycan in order to survive. It was not different from what she had done, if anything, his act of survival was even worse than what she did. 
She was pretty smart emotionally and could read the situation pretty well. It was unfortunate that he couldn’t trust her. 
"Then, you should have succeeded with whatever way you chose. Because at the end of the day, no matter what way you choose to survive, you need to make it, for it to work, or else, it’s only a bad choice." 
Chrystal cried a little more before her gaze fell on the cup in Cane’s hand. "Will it hurt?" 
"No. You will feel sleepy as your heartbeat slows down. You will feel like you are going to fall asleep." Cane handed the cup to Chrystal, which she received with shaking hands. 
"If I can be so brazen for one last time, can I ask one more thing?" 
"What is it?" 
"I don’t want to be alone." Chyrstal gulped down with so much difficulty, she felt the cup was so heavy in her hand and she knew, no matter how much she begged and cried, she wouldn’t be able to change this alpha’s decision. 
"You can drink now." 
Chrystal smelled the tea and tasted it a little bit. "This is sweet. I was never allowed to drink or eat anything sweet when I was with Alpha Gill..." she said bitterly and took another big gulp. "I used to sneak inside the kitchen to eat something sweet, but when they found out, they would beat me. I like sweets. Thank you for making the tea taste so good." 
Cane said nothing, he only listened to her rambling, until her words became incoherent and the empty cup fell from her hand, so did her body. 
But before she could drop to the ground, Cane caught her body and laid her down on the bed. Her heartbeat slowed down pretty fast and soon, she breathed her last, while the Alpha watched her. 
Once it was so quiet and the poor girl’s heart was no longer beating, Cane walked out of the room, where Jace had been waiting for him. 
"Bury her in a nice place," Cane said. 
People might wonder why Cane personally came to deliver the poison when he could ask someone else to do the task, but it seemed, the Beta knew the reason why, though he couldn’t confirm, or be a hundred percent sure about it. 
The girl’s name was the same as the person Cane respected the most. Probably it was only a nice gesture from him because he had lost so many people recently and having to kill someone on top of that was not really comforting. 
"Trion sent word that Aderan had kidnapped the Queen," Jace said, as they walked away, which made Cane stop walking and turn around. 
The Beta could see the anger in Cane’s eyes. 
"Where is he now?" Cane didn’t raise his voice, but Jace could feel his anger as clear as the day. 
"Trion is not sure, but he thinks he will take a ship to a neighboring continent," Jace replied, as he handed the letter from Trion that they received only now. 
You could see now, how fickle a person’s heart could be and this happened with a warrior that pledged his loyalty to him... 
=============================== 
Ethan was trying to appease Iris’ irritation, while Eron and Dyne gave her an apologetic look, and the rest tried to avoid her eyes. 
"Fine. But, I want my meals to be paid too," Iris said slyly. 
"How can you do that, you are the Luna!" Ethan, Eron and Dyne whisper shouted at the same time.
###Chapter 511: CAN WE TALK?
Chapter 511: CAN WE TALK?
"You can’t do that, Luna, you will leave us broke," Eron whined. 
"Not to mention you will not be able to go out with us. We usually go to cheaper restaurants. It’s not a place that you would like to visit," Dyne added. 
"Luna, why didn’t you tell me that you are able to hear now? I thought we were close," Ethan complained. He was still hung up on the fact that Iris kept it a secret from him. He started to think of what else he had said in her presence when he thought she couldn’t hear. Did she hear his complaints about the Alpha? 
Well, sometimes, Ethan couldn’t wrap his head around the Alpha’s actions and chose to grumble in the form of a complaint, but not in Cane’s presence. 
"Oh, please, drop the subject." Eron elbowed the Gamma. "It’s a good thing, so stop whining." 
Ethan pursed his lips. Eron and Dyne were close to Iris, too, but Ethan was a constant presence in her day to day life, thus they wouldn’t understand his feelings when he learned Iris could finally hear in such an abrupt way. 
Seeing the Gamma feeling all dejected because she didn’t let him know until now, the Luna tiptoed and whispered into his ear. "Jace has not yet known about this, too." 
In the matter of a few seconds, the gloomy clouds on his face cleared up. "Really?" 
Iris nodded and she could tell that Ethan was feeling better now, knowing Jace was also clueless about it. 
"I think it’s okay for us to bring the Luna around. She needs to know her own pack, right? More so, all of us will be there, so what are you worrying about?" Ethan said righteously in a light mood, which made Dyne and Eron want to punch his face because of how fast he changed his tune. 
"Are you trying to be on the Luna’s good side now?" Eron frowned. "You two faced jerk." 
"Do you think the Alpha will agree to let the Luna go to those parts of the pack? There will be a lot of stinky warriors and guards there. It’s not appropriate for her to be there," Dyne added. 
And with that, Ethan found other people to bicker with, while Redmond had been away since Cane sent Sofia to live outside of the pack house. 
On the other hand, the other five warriors had this deep furrow between their brows seeing the three of them squabble over something trivial, but what made them even more confused was noticing how comfortable the Luna was around them. She didn’t look as timid as they used to perceive her. 
More so, they could tell that she was teasing them for their stupid bet. 
"She is good," Kian said in a low voice, as they followed behind the four of them. "She even asked the Alpha to release us." 
"Let’s see what she is up to." Asher stared at Iris’ back, which she could sense. She turned around to smile softly at them. As if being caught red handed, Asher immediately averted his gaze and because of how surprised they were, none of them reciprocated her smile. 
Moreover, they weren’t used to joking around or smiling aimlessly. 
====================================== 
Maria felt so frustrated, she had been asking to meet with the Alpha for Sofia’s sake, but her visits were always rejected. She was denied access to the pack house, even more to be in close proximity with the Alpha. 
The order was clear, she needed to take care of Sofia. 
But, what Maria disagreed with was; how could the Alpha be so cold and callous toward the woman who was carrying his child. How could he drive her out of the pack house? And only gave one annoying warrior to stand guard for her, while he gave the Luna seven of them. 
"This must be because the Luna has instigated him. The Alpha Cane that I know is not someone like this. He is a responsible person," Maria said, as she cleaned Sofia’s legs, since she was having a hard time taking care of herself due to her pregnancy. 
On the other hand, Sofia didn’t say anything. She didn’t try to stop Maria from trying to get justice for her because she was sent away, nor did she intend to tell her that the baby might actually not be the Alpha’s. It seemed, she was still holding onto some hope that the baby was actually Cane’s and what he said that night was only to scare her away. 
She refused to believe that the person she slept with that night was Redmond, instead of the Alpha! She believed the Alpha did this because he was infatuated with his mate and just being rather heartless to an outsider like her. 
But at the same time, she couldn’t ignore this nagging feeling, where she started to doubt her own memory regarding that night... 
She couldn’t remember the details, but all she recalled was how satisfied she was and that it was the best night ever. 
"Sofia, don’t be angry. You will hurt the baby," Maria said in a gentle voice, seeing how Sofia gritted her teeth. "Deliver the baby safely, I am sure, once the Alpha sees the baby, his heart will melt to know he became a father."
"Hm." Sofia lowered her head. She didn’t dare to look Maria in the eyes again. 
And right at that time, they could hear a commotion from outside, something that always happened whenever Redmond entered the house. 
Yes, it was Redmond, who was appointed as the warrior, who would stay by her side. 
Actually, Redmond’s main assignment was being Iris’ personal warrior, but his spot had been replaced by seven people and, even though he was grumbling and badmouthing Cane behind his back, he didn’t really want to refuse the new assignment. 
"Maria! You old hag! Come out now!" Redmond screamed from the living room. They could hear a loud thud from there, as the warrior put down something so big and heavy. "How dare you use me to carry this thing!" 
Meanwhile, Maria looked fed up at Redmond’s antics, as she stormed out of the bedroom and started to reprimand him. "This is for the baby! Where do you think the baby will sleep when it is born?! You dimwit!" 
"You should have asked someone else to carry it! Not me!" Redmond glared at her, which made the old woman flinch. She was scared, but stubborn to not back down. 
"You are here because the Alpha told you to take care of his pregnant woman!" 
"I am here, because I need to keep my eyes on her, it’s a different thing! More so, didn’t it occur to you, the Alpha has rejected her by sending her away, until when you are going to deny this fact? I thought you were only stupid, but apparently, you are retarded as well." 
Maria scoffed. "The Alpha will regret his decision once the baby is born." 
"Or maybe you are the one who will regret it," Redmond mocked Maria, but his eyes were fixed on Sofia, who was lying on the bed and watching the fight, only she immediately averted her eyes. 
Sofia had been stringing Maria along with her hopeless prayers that the baby was the Alpha’s. 
"Now, help me arrange the crib." 
"Do it, yourself. I am not your servant." 
After saying that, Redmond stormed out of the house, leaving Maria, who was cursing at him to no end. 
=========================== 
Iris was joking and being playful with Ethan, Eron and Dyne, as they headed toward the dining hall. After a long day, they were starving and felt like they could gobble up the entire meal, especially those warriors, who had spent their time in the dungeon. 
The night was so quiet and the sadness from losing so many pack members was still palpable in the air, but with everything that happened and the predicament of their situation being not yet completely gone, they managed to go through the day by busying themselves with a lot of things. 
Especially when the pack had to be rebuilt again, since so many buildings had been destroyed during the attack. 
They handled the mourning period well, if you could put it into words, probably because they had lost so many people before, though it would never be easy. 
When the nine of them were about to turn at the corner, Iris saw someone that she almost forgot that was actually there. 
It was Nala. 
She was standing at the side, staring at Iris, as if wanting to speak to her, but because Iris was not sure what to do, she pretended not to see her. 
However, Nala blocked their way, by standing in front of them. 
"What do you want?" Eron asked, frowning. He had never liked this woman, ever since she started trying to seduce the Alpha. 
"I want to talk with her," Nala said in a clear voice. She looked pale and skinnier. Even though she still looked beautiful, you could tell something had been dimmed inside of her. She was not as bright as before. 
"’Her’?" Dyne frowned. "You are in the Howling Wolf pack, show some respect to the Luna of the pack." 
Nala gritted her teeth, her prideful self wouldn’t allow her to address Iris as someone above her station, but then her pride wouldn’t make her able to survive. 
"Luna Iris, can I have a bit of your time? There is something I want to talk about with you," Nala said in a more polite tone, she tried her best to hold back her tears and anger. 
"What do you want to talk about?" 
"Can we talk, just the two of us?" 
"No," Iris replied firmly. 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 512: DISRUPTION
Chapter 512: DISRUPTION
Iris didn’t want to talk to her alone not because she was afraid Nala would do something horrible to her, since she used to have this kind of intention whenever she was close to her, but because Iris didn’t think there was something for them to talk about. 
She knew Nala was not in a good situation, since she lost her father during the attack and now she was so far away from her home, from the people she knew and was surrounded by pack members who didn’t care much about her. 
The King was gone and no matter how horrible it sounded, without the King, she was nothing. The respect she got was only due to the fact that she was some sort of favored woman to the King, though she couldn’t be called his mistress. 
Iris sympathized with her predicament, but she didn’t want to have anything to do with her. She had stayed invisible until now, thus she wanted her to stay that way. She couldn’t care less about how she was going to survive in this pack. 
More so, Iris was so hungry. The new concoction that Grace gave to her after she passed out, made her want to eat more and more, which made her gain more fat. 
"Please, Luna. This is important." Nala bit her lip nervously, she tried to avoid the piercing gazes from the warriors and only focused on Iris. 
"I don’t think there is anything important to talk about between us, Nala." 
Nala clenched her jaw tightly, she looked like, either she was going to cry or lash out, but surprisingly, when she spoke her voice was calm enough. "If I can’t talk with you, I am going to talk to the Alpha." 
It was a mystery how Nala’s mind was working to think this kind of threat would work on Iris, especially now when she was sure of Cane’s feelings toward her. 
Iris’ eyes dimmed when she heard that. She really wanted to squeeze that wolf spirit hovering above Nala, so she wouldn’t be an eyesore to her anymore. Actually, it surprised Iris that she even entertained the thought. She was not sure since when she became so violent. 
However, Iris knew better than to lose her temper, because that was the reaction Nala wanted from her. 
Instead, Iris smiled gently, which looked so eerie after such provocation. "Good luck," she said simply and then walked away. 
Ethan laughed and followed his luna, he gave two thumbs up to her for the cool way she handled the situation. 
Even Maria couldn’t get a chance to see Cane, let alone Nala. Iris was sure, just like her, Cane must have forgotten about her existence, since she didn’t have any benefit to her. 
Nala didn’t come from a prestigious family and the only respected figure in her family was her father, who now had died, thus without a man in power in her life, she was nothing. 
It was a disgusting thing to say, but it was true that a woman’s status was based on the men in their life and now, when Nala had no one, she was nothing. 
The other five warriors looked at each other and then glanced at Nala, but they didn’t give a second thought, as they followed their luna. 
It was only Kian, who checked on Nala, as he glanced at her over his shoulder and saw she was crying silently. 
=============================== 
The dinner was lively, even though the food was not as scrumptious as usual, since their storage had been destroyed during the attack. They needed to get more supplies. There was a lot to take care of after the attack. 
Thankfully, they didn’t need to be bothered by the royal family, or other schemes from the King, since he had died and there was literally a war going on in the capital city. 
This was why Cane sent Koda over to claim the throne and create distraction from his pack. Let the old man do what he was good at, while Cane bagged the benefits for his pack. 
However, the said alpha, who had driven away potential troubles from his pack, seemingly couldn’t get his mate away from his own warriors, as Iris kept chatting with Ethan, Eron and Dyne. It was annoying because she literally had her back to Cane, while laughing happily at whatever Ethan said. 
Cane supported his head with one hand and played with her hair, while the warriors there couldn’t help stealing a glance or two, even three, as they got distracted by the way their alpha stared at his luna. 
Their alpha was just playing with their luna’s hair, but why did his eyes look like he was going to devour her? 
Cane ignored their curious and dumbstruck gazes, as he rested his head in his palm lazily with the support of the armrest. He pulled her hair lightly to get her attention. 
Feeling the pull on her hair, Iris turned around to look at him. "Hm?" She gave him a questioning look, but Cane simply shook his head.
Thinking, Cane only accidentally pulled her hair because he was playing with it, Iris didn’t pay him any mind and continued to chat with Ethan and the others. 
But, not long after that, Cane would ’accidentally’ pull Iris’ hair again and he would shake his head whenever Iris turned around to give him a questioning look. 
And it happened two more times until Jace, who was sitting next to Cane, realized how dark the Alpha’s expression was. He tried to elbow Ethan to stop talking with Iris, but unfortunately, the Gamma chose to be so dumb at this moment. 
"And you know, there is this royal guard, who is so stupid and I managed to get all of his money!" 
Iris just now learned that the Gamma loved to bet and gamble, which was not a good habit, but it seemed, Ethan only did that for fun not out of addiction. 
Once again, Iris felt the pull on her hair and turned her head with a crease between her brows. "What happened?" Iris asked and Cane shook his head, but this time, he spoke a word. 
"Tired." 
Only then Iris realized Cane didn’t eat anything and his plate was still full with food. "Why didn’t you eat?" 
"Tired," Cane repeated the same thing. 
Iris knew Cane had been up so early every morning and would sleep for only two to three hours a day. It was insane for him to still be able to function normally. Therefore, it was not a surprise that he was so tired from all that crazy routine. 
"You need to eat more before going to sleep," Iris said with concern so thick in her voice. 
"No, there are still a lot of things for me to do. I will go to sleep later." 
Iris frowned even more, almost looking like it would be a permanent thing on her face, thus Cane stretched out his hand to smoothen the crease between her brows. 
"Don’t worry." 
"How could I not worry?" Iris looked frustrated now, she took the fork and stabbed into a piece of meat, then brought it close to Cane’s lips. "Eat." 
There was this mirth dancing in Cane’s eyes to see Iris’ expression, but he maintained his facial expression. "I will eat later. I think I need to go to work." 
"No. You need to eat first." Iris didn’t want to see Cane fall sick, though it was a rare case for a shifter to fall sick. 
"I will finish some..." Cane didn’t get to finish his word when Iris pushed the meat into his mouth. 
"Eat," she said sternly. Cane always emphasized the importance of eating, but he himself neglected that. He wouldn’t be happy if Iris didn’t eat much and now, she could understand his frustration with her for refusing to eat. 
Meanwhile, Iris was too focused on feeding Cane, she didn’t realize, nor did she notice how the warriors and the servants around them gasped to see the way she shoved the food down their alpha’s throat. It was a bold move! 
They didn’t expect this from her. Their alpha wouldn’t be too happy for being disrespected like that, right? 
However, the said alpha was seemingly fine with the way his mate disrespected him in front of his people, as he finally got her attention. 
Probably, among all the people, it was only Amee, who actually smiled to see such a scene. She had been here ever since Cane was a baby, thus she knew a little bit more than the others. It was not that Cane had changed to be more affectionate because of Iris, but it was just him slowly returning to his old self. 
After all, Cane was pretty mischievous when he was little. 
But, the joy of having his mate’s attention didn’t last long, because right after Cane finished the third bite that Iris fed him, Lou opened the door and walked into the dining hall with his big fluffy bear, which looked so lazy to move its big ass. 
"Cane! How dare you ask me to look for this nasty creature!" Lou shouted at Cane. As he strode into the dining hall, he glared viciously at the Alpha, while holding the little lizard by its tail. He pinched the poor creature’s tail and let its body flail in the air. 
Haco had carried the little creature to the mountain when they tried to find Cane and Iris, but he lost it during the fight. 
"Here, your lizard!" Lou tossed the lizard toward Cane angrily, but his expression changed in a split second when he saw Iris was there, too. 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 513: A NIGHT FOR THEMSELVES
Chapter 513: A NIGHT FOR THEMSELVES
"Hi, Iris! It has been a while since I last saw you!" Lou said excitedly and became overly chummy, waving his hands without even bothered by the sharp glares the warriors threw at him for being so disrespectful and greeting their luna inappropriately. "Finally, we meet again!" Lou tilted his head. "You look chubbier!" 
Lou strode inside the dining hall and looked at the food. It was not to his taste, but it was better than anything he had eaten in the last three days. 
After he went to the Goffa mountain in search of Cane and Iris, apparently, the Alpha managed to return, but when he was about to go back to the pack, Cane had, maliciously, ordered him to start building some magical devices around the pack. 
It would take him weeks before he could go back to the pack house and meet with Iris. 
Lou was so mad until he got a second order to find the lizard and give the creature to the guards, so he didn’t need to go to the pack house. Of course, Lou didn’t want to do that and delivered the lizard in person. 
"Chu- Chubbier...?" Iris pursed her lips. The merchant probably meant it as a compliment, but you shouldn’t talk about weight with women, especially in front of so many people. 
Meanwhile, Cane caught the lizard mid air and stared at the little creature, which looked so dirty and in poor state. He quickly put it in his plate, which made Iris shriek, she forgot about Lou’s comment; how she looked a little fat now. 
"Oh! I am so hungry! I was starving in the mountains! Iris, can you believe..." Lou didn’t manage to finish his words, noticing Iris’ attention was clearly not on him. 
She had other priorities. 
"Cane, don’t put it in your plate!" But, it was too late and she was about to get the poor lizard and ask for another plate of meat for Cane, but her mate simply grabbed her hand and stood up. "Where are you going? You have not finished eating yet." Iris also stood up from her seat, as Cane started pulling her hand to leave with him. 
Cane leaned over, almost like he was going to kiss her neck, though he only whispered into her ear. His hand wrapped around her hips while the other went to hold the back of her neck. "I told you that I am going to take you somewhere, let’s go now." 
All the warriors’ jaws dropped seeing their assertive alpha standing so close, too close, to his mate, as if they were going to do something... or maybe it was only their minds, which didn’t work so well now and led them in a different direction. 
The corners of Jace and Ethan’s lips twitched. If he just wanted to talk with Iris, he didn’t need to make such a vague gesture, right? 
But then, their attention shifted back to the merchant, who looked beyond furious. 
"Where are you two going? I just arrived and you already want to go?!" Lou was frustrated, but Ethan grabbed his hand and forced him to sit down next to him. 
"Come here, my friend. Let’s talk. It has been a while since we met each other!" He said cheerfully, while making sure not to let go of Lou’s hand, so the merchant wouldn’t be able to follow the Alpha. 
Lou narrowed his eyes at Ethan. "Do I know you?" 
Ethan was speechless, this merchant was really shameless. There was no way he didn’t know him, unless he lost all of his memories, which was very unlikely. 
"It’s so rare for someone to forget about me, unless there is something not working here." Ethan pointed to his head. "Or, you only want to hear the stories of how awesome I am?" 
Lou grimaced. "No, thanks. The only awesome person that I know is myself." 
Jace almost choked on his drink when he heard that. He thought Ethan and Redmond were already very shameless, but this merchant took the bar to a whole new level. 
Unfortunately, by the time Lou managed to get away from Ethan, Cane and Iris were long gone and he was not a shifter, who could sniff where they had gone while none of them would tell him anything. 
"Damn it!" Lou grumbled. 
He kicked the pebbles in the yard, but got startled when someone approached him, as a figure emerged from the dark. "Ms. Dmitri, what are you doing there?!" Lou patted his chest, surprised by her sudden appearance. 
"Sir, long time no see," Nala said in a small and gentle voice. She approached the merchant in such a way that made him narrow his eyes. This woman gave off a strange vibe. "I am glad to be able to see you here." 
"Well... yeah, me too." Lou was not sure what to say, thus he kept it polite when he talked to Nala. "Is there anything I can help you with?" 
"Actually, yes... I want to ask a favor from you." Nala fiddled with her fingers. She tried to articulate what she wanted to seek from him while appearing like a vulnerable woman that needed protection. 
If it was someone else, they would have this urge to comfort her, since she looked like a little, weak wolf until one couldn’t help but want to act as her shield. 
However, Lou had seen this trick countless times and had been fed up. 
"Sir..." Nala started. They didn’t meet often when they were in the capital city, thus starting this conversation was a little bit awkward. 
"You can just call me Lou. Tell me what you want. I don’t really like to beat around the bush. I am pretty busy now." Lou was a little bit annoyed because he lost his chance to see Iris, thus he didn’t want to have this meaningless conversation. 
"Lou." Nala’s face lit up when Lou asked to drop the formalities between them. 
"Yes?" 
"You can call me Nala." 
"Okay. Nala." And then Lou turned around, seemingly about to leave, which left Nala surprised. She quickly caught his hand to stop him from leaving. "What?" 
"Why are you leaving? I have not yet told you what I want to talk about." 
Lou narrowed his eyes. "I thought you wanted me to call you by your name." 
Hearing that, Nala was speechless. She was not sure whether this merchant pretended to be a fool or he was literally dumb. 
"No. No. That’s not what I want." Nala immediately shook her head, trying to compose herself so she wouldn’t insult her potential benefactor. 
"So, what do you want?" Lou looked annoyed now, especially when Nala didn’t let go of his hand. 
"I- I want to ask for a favor." 
"Hm. You said that before." 
"Could you... would you mind taking me under your wing? Can you take me as one of your people?" Nala cut to the main point, since Lou didn’t seem to have any patience for a long conversation. "I have no one and I am so far away from home, I don’t know this place and because of the dispute between the Alpha and the King, I don’t think the people in this pack like me being here. Can you help me, Lou?" 
Lou raised his brows once Nala said her piece. "You want to be part of my people?" He said and Nala nodded. "What can you do for me?" 
Nala licked her lips. "I can do anything for you. I will help you with anything..." she said in a seductive voice. There was no one there and it was only the two of them. Lou was not a fool who didn’t know what she meant. 
"Anything?" Lou raised his brows, the corners of his lips moved upward, as he smirked. "Are you sure you will do anything for me?" 
"Yes." Nala’s voice was akin to a whisper now. She swiftly moved closer to Lou and pressed herself against him. 
The merchant rolled his eyes at her attempt, but he didn’t move away, as he continued observing what Nala was going to do. 
"Like what?" 
Nala pulled his hand that was still in her grip and placed it over her chest. "Why don’t we start with this?" 
"Interesting," Lou mumbled. 
==================================== 
Hanna had been taking care of Will for the past few days and the Alpha was kind enough to let him out of duty for as long as he needed. Iris also didn’t call for her when she learned Hanna was with Will, which the latter was grateful for. 
Right now, Will was still sleeping. And it was very concerning when he slept throughout the night, the morning and then the afternoon. He would only wake up when Hanna reminded him to eat something, but even then, he would look like he was going to sleep again soon after he was done eating. 
His condition really concerned her. 
However, Will could only fall asleep when Hanna was inside the room, because if she stepped out for a moment too long, he would wake up and go looking for her. 
He said her scent calmed him down, which made him able to sleep longer, but Hanna didn’t want that. It was not normal to sleep for hours every day. 
"Will... you need to eat something," Hanna said, she shook his body to wake him up. "Will, wake up for a while and eat, okay?" 
Will opened his eyes slowly and looked around until he found her face. "Will you leave me?" 
"What?" Hanna was confused by his sudden question. "Did you have a nightmare?" 
"I dreamt that you left me," He said in a hoarse voice. 
"I am not going anywhere, Will." 
"You left me because I slept with someone else..." Will said in a small voice, he looked so scared.
###Chapter 514: A NIGHT FOR THEMSELVES (2)
Chapter 514: A NIGHT FOR THEMSELVES (2)
"You left me because I slept with another woman..." Will said in a whisper, his face mirrored the horror he felt. His eyes dilated in fear and the sight of him squeezed Hanna’s heart. 
"Oh, Will..." Hanna wanted to blurt out that she knew what happened to him and that it was not his fault, but she was afraid he would spiral even further. After all, he guarded his secret so tightly and didn’t let anyone know about it, not even the Gamma, while she could say the two of them were so close. "You will never do that..." 
Will grabbed both of her hands and squeezed them tightly. "What if?" 
"Will..." You didn’t sleep with another woman, you had been assaulted and that was not your fault. That was what Hanna wanted to say, only she couldn’t comprehend how Will couldn’t see the event in that same light. "Maybe... maybe you didn’t sleep with the other woman... maybe she forced herself on you..." 
Hanna said that very carefully, her heart beat so loudly against her chest, which hurt so badly, especially when she saw the horror in his eyes condense even more. Hanna squeezed his hands, in her desperate attempt to get him back to her, before he slid even deeper into his dark thoughts. 
"You will never do that to me, Will. You are not a person like that. That woman must have forced herself on you." 
Will pulled his hands out of her grip and Hanna felt this pang in her heart. She felt they didn’t make any progress. 
"I am a free man. I am not a slave. No one should have been able to force themselves on me." 
And there, Hanna got the answer she wanted. That was how Will idealized a free person, once they could get away from the slavery and as a man, unless they were slaves, who must follow their master’s orders, there was no way a woman would be able to force themselves on him. 
He was a warrior after all. He could fight any woman. 
"Will..." Hanna tried to rack her brain thinking how to salvage the situation because she could see how Will tried to withdraw from her even more. "Even if that happened and you didn’t mean it that way... we can still work things out. As long as you promise not to hide anything from me."
"Really?" Will stared at Hanna for so long. 
"Yes." Hanna immediately nodded. "I want you to trust me and be comfortable enough to be honest with me if something like that happened." 
Silence descended in the room, the night was so dark, as if you couldn’t see the light from the window nearby, but the room was no different, though the luminous pearls hung at the corners. 
"I am hungry," Will said in a small voice and Hanna breathed in relief, as she smiled gently at him. 
It would be a long way for both of them, but Hanna promised to herself that she would be with him at every step of it. 
"Sure, let’s eat. You have slept for hours. I miss you." 
============================= 
"Where are we going?" Iris asked, she looked around, as they entered the Goffa mountain again, but from a different route. 
"You have been there before, we only took a longer route." 
The mountain was exceptionally quiet and she was worried. A monster could come attacking them out of nowhere. But, instead of going deeper into the mountain, they actually circled around the foot of it. 
"The pack tomb?" Iris asked. She had been there before and indeed that place was located at the foot of the mountain and it seemed, the location was free from monsters, since the tomb had been there for years and there had never been a single monster attack. 
"Yes." Cane caressed her head. 
"That’s the place you want to show me?" Iris thought he would take her somewhere she had never been to before, though she was not going to complain if he wanted to see his family. 
Cane smiled and kissed her head. "I am going to visit the tomb for a while, but that’s not the place I want to show you." 
"Oh, okay." Now, Iris started to wonder where Cane would take her. He was being secretive again, which was not good for her curiosity. "No one guards this place?" 
Iris remembered there was this young warrior who guarded this place when they were last here. 
"I dismissed them. They are needed in the pack more." 
After the attack and with the ongoing rebuilding of the pack, they needed all the people that they could find to help. Moreover, Lou had been working on his magical devices, which included the area around the tomb, though this part had never been visited by the monsters. 
This tomb was still the same as the first time they had been here, almost a year ago. She felt like time flew so fast and how things were so different right now. 
"But, we didn’t bring anything..." Iris said when they walked down the stairs that led them to the altar of Cane’s family. "I remember the young warrior handed us pouches with silver coins inside." 
Meanwhile, Cane lit up all the torches all the way down, so it was pretty bright inside. 
Cane didn’t mean to visit the tomb tonight, thus he didn’t come prepared. The sight of Lou simply irritated him. And he didn’t think twice before leaving. He just thought of getting out of the dining room with his mate as soon as possible. 
Therefore, why not speed up his plan. After all, he would take Iris on this trip at some point before they left the Howling Wolf pack to visit the Silver River pack and the Diandem pack. 
"It’s okay." Cane didn’t really believe in that kind of ritual, he only followed to respect their tradition. No matter how many coins that he offered, there was no guarantee it would help them in the afterlife. As for what kind of place the afterlife was, no one could answer that for sure. 
They finally arrived at the tombs of Cane’s parents, where their names were engraved on their respective stones. Josh Desgar Nortern and Crystal Nortern. 
This underground room was so quiet and serenity befell on them, as Iris slowed down her steps and stood behind Cane, watching on as he paid his respect to his parents. 
Iris didn’t say anything and stood there for long, as Cane stared at his father’s grave and started to speak in a very low voice, as if he talked to himself instead. If Iris still was not able to hear, she wouldn’t have the chance to know what he was saying at this moment. Even so, Iris found herself still having a hard time making out the whole sentences, since Cane talked almost like a whisper. 
"... You are so wrong about Kellan, father. He did not deserve the throne." Cane paused and took a step closer. "You used to tell me to stay away from the power struggle in the palace, that’s why you made mother step down from her title of princess, but I will take the throne, because that’s the only way for our people to be able to live free of threat. That’s the only way my mate and I will be able to survive." 
Cane wouldn’t let anything happen to Iris like what happened to Leane. He would be doomed if he failed his mate for the second time. It was unacceptable. 
Maybe Koda would survive and manage to claim the throne, or maybe the royal family would win the war, but whoever sat there, they would see Cane as a threat once the situation calmed enough and the next king saw the power he held. His bloodline would always be a problem and Koda, just like Alpha Dristan, was only tied to him because of the benefits they shared together. 
"You may not be proud of the path I chose or my way to survive, but it’s proven your soft and rightful way was not working in this chaotic world and I will not walk down that path, father. I hope you’ll understand." 
There was more silence after that and Cane stood there for so long before he moved to his mother’s tomb and talked a few things before he moved toward Leane’s tomb. There were another three small stones there. 
This time, Cane took Iris hand to stand beside him, as if he was introducing Iris for the first time, but he said nothing. His eyes dimmed, as he raised Iris’ hand and kissed the back of her hand, before he pulled her out of there. 
He had finished saying his prayers for Leane and no one would know what he said to his late mate, except for himself. 
Iris looked over her shoulder at the tomb. ’I will keep my promise.’ 
This time, Cane really took her to the place that he wanted her to see... his mood became a little bit lighter and he kissed her forehead. 
"Thank you," he said softly, though she was not sure what he thanked her for. 
================================= 
Lou took Nala to his bedroom, since the woman was so eager to prove her ’doing anything’ for him, but he raised his eyebrows when he saw a deep cut on top of her left breast when Nala undressed herself. 
The look in the merchant’s eyes made her feel self- conscious, as she tried to cover the scar with her hair. 
"Th- the scar will heal. It’s just taking a little bit longer..." Nala stuttered. 
"Well... that’s a turn off."
###Chapter 515: A NIGHT FOR THEMSELVES (3)
Chapter 515: A NIGHT FOR THEMSELVES (3)
"Well... that’s a turn off." Lou touched his chin, as he stared down at the naked woman before his eyes for a moment and then went straight to the bed. Seemingly, all the mood had gone and this left Nala panicking, because she was afraid she would fail to get this merchant on her side. 
She suppressed the feeling of humiliation that dreaded her, she became self conscious the moment she saw Lou’s reaction. 
Before this, she had always had men to shield her and they were willing to do that because they wanted her body, thus Nala knew her greatest strength was her beauty. 
In this lifetime, being beautiful was the greatest asset that women could have. You could get all the privileges that the ugly ones could only dream of, but it came as a blessing and a curse at the same time. 
However, the King had ruined Nala to the point that another man could only see her naked body in disgust while this was something that never happened before. They used to worship her and tell her how beautiful she was. 
"W- we can do it from behind, so you don’t need to see my scar..." Nala tried to persuade Lou, but the merchant only closed his eyes when she approached him, which shattered her self confidence even more. Did the sight of her really disgust him? 
"Nah. Let’s do it another time. I am not in the mood right now." And after saying that, Lou turned his body away until his back was facing Nala and this hurt her even more. 
Her pride was crushed. She, a woman, who always flaunted her beauty, now had a man give his back to her because he couldn’t stand the sight of her.
"O- okay..." Nala held back her tears and put on her dress back. 
"Close the door when you leave." 
That was just another stab to her heart. This merchant was truly heartless to the bone when he chose not to care. 
================================= 
Redmond returned so late at night, he was so damn tired and wanted to go straight to the sofa, where he used to sleep. Damn this woman to not allow him to sleep on the bed when it was spacious enough for both of them. 
However, when Redmond was about to lie down, he heard a soft whimper from inside the bedroom. 
At first, he tried to ignore it, thinking probably Sofia was just having another breakdown and crying again right now. The sight of her crying was not a new thing for Redmond, because he had seen that a few times before. And so, he intended to mind his own business. 
Only he couldn’t. Though it was very faint, he knew this cry was so different from the other nights. He was not sure what was so different, but instead of falling asleep and minding his own business like he intended to do, Redmond felt restless and couldn’t sleep no matter how hard he tried. 
"Oh, damn it! I must be cursed for having this life!" Redmond grumbled and cursed under his breath, as he pushed himself off the bed and strode toward the bedroom. He slammed the door open in annoyance. "Can you keep it down, please? There is a poor man here who needs his goodnight sleep! I am going to die if I don’t get my sleep, you know!" 
But, Sofia only glanced at him over her shoulder while her back was facing him. Her eyes were swollen, as she curled herself into a ball and whimpered again. 
This was weird, because usually Sofia would shout back at Redmond and both of them would tangle in a cursing competition against one another, until Redmond walked away and decided to sleep somewhere else. 
Yet, Sofia kept whimpering and didn’t mind him at all. 
"What happened?" Redmond toned down his voice and walked over to check on her. His anger subsided significantly when he sensed there was something wrong with this woman. 
"My foot..." Sofia whimpered, her face contorted in pain and this made Redmond feel a little bit worried. 
"Your foot? What happened to your foot?" Redmond immediately pulled away the blanket that covered her and saw Sofia was trying to reach her leg, but because she was heavily pregnant, her stomach didn’t allow her to bend her body to touch her own leg. 
"Cramp..." Sofia wept, still trying to reach down, seemingly, to massage her own leg. 
Hearing that, Redmond immediately sat down on the edge of the bed. "Which one?" he stared at her feet that were covered under her long dress. 
"Left..." 
Redmond grabbed her left foot and pulled up her dress to get a better look at it. "How can you have a huge foot like this?!" he was surprised to see how big her foot became. "What is it? Your feet are also pregnant?" 
Had Sofia not been in pain, she would have given him a piece of her mind, but unfortunately, she couldn’t do that when she was in so much pain right now and Redmond could help to alleviate the pain, or so she thought... 
"It hurts..." Sofia cried softly. She closed her eyes, so the sight of Redmond touching her wouldn’t upset her, but she started to scream when Redmond put pressure on her left foot. "Argh! Are you going to break my leg?!" 
Redmond immediately stopped, surprised that it caused her so much pain. "Hey! I am trying to help you, okay! Be nice!" 
"It hurts! You are going to break my leg!" 
"Great point. I have done that countless times before, it will not be my first." 
Sofia opened her eyes immediately when she heard that, she didn’t know what Redmond meant by that, but she had this dreadful feeling, this man could be crazy enough to do that to her, sensing how much he hated to be stuck with her because of the baby. 
Sofia was half way to accept that Redmond was the baby’s father and not Alpha Cane, subconsciously, because of the details that Redmond could recall from that night they were together. 
"Get out!" Sofia screamed, but Redmond didn’t oblige, instead he took her foot again, but this time, he tried to be as gentle as possible and massaged it clumsily. 
"Damn it! I am tired, I want to get a massage too," Redmond couldn’t stop grumbling, but he didn’t stop massaging her feet gently yet recklessly. 
Meanwhile, Sofia started to feel better with the way Redmond put pressure on her cramping feet. 
"Why are your feet so swollen like this? Will all pregnant women be like this?" Redmond asked, after he finished with his grumbling. It really surprised him to see such big feet. "Did you eat or step on something strange?" 
Sofia opened her eyes again and looked at Redmond, who was staring at her feet with this funny look on his face. It seemed he genuinely wanted to know. "Maria said it’s normal for a pregnant woman to get their feet swollen like this. I only need to apply the oil that she had had concocted to make the swelling not look so bad." 
"But, they look so bad, like the feet of monsters, only less hairy." 
Sofia really wanted to shove her feet into Redmond’s mouth for his comment. "Have you ever said something nice in your entire life?" 
"Being too nice will only get you killed in this world, woman. You know that, too, don’t be ridiculous." 
Yes, Sofia knew that. There was no place for kindness in this cruel world, especially in the life she had at Alpha Gallot’s pack. If you were not shrewd enough, you would be replaced in a blink of an eye. A mistress was a disposable thing and if it was not for her beauty and youthful body, Alpha Gallot would have long forgotten about her, as she swamped in the pack house that was filled with dozens of women. 
"Damn. Don’t ever tell anyone about this, understood?" Redmond glared at Sofia. "This is so embarrassing. No man should massage a woman’s feet," he grumbled, but conveniently forgot that Cane did the same if not more for Iris when she was sick, or the way he treated his mate. 
"You can stop now if you don’t want to do it!" Sofia snapped. 
"Just shut your mouth," Redmond grumbled, but he kept massaging her feet. 
"I am hungry..." 
"I am not going to get anything for you! Do you think I am your servant!?" 
============================ 
Cane took Iris to a beautiful place near the pack tomb, it was around the upper course of the river, the same river that wound down to the Howling Wolf pack. 
The river looked so beautiful and the sound of it was better than the sound of the waterfall. It was not as noisy as that, in fact, the sound of it was so calming. 
Suddenly, Cane dropped to his knees with his back facing her. "Climb on." 
"Hm?" Iris tilted her head, not understanding that. 
"We have to cross the river, you will get your dress wet." 
"Oh." Iris hopped on his back and hugged his neck, while resting her chin on his shoulder. "But, you will get your pants wet then." 
"I will simply take them off later." 
Iris frowned. She felt like there was an underlying meaning to his words, but she couldn’t tell what it was, since Cane’s expression remained the same. Did he just tease her? Or maybe it was only her, who was thinking too much. 
After Cane secured her on his back, he started to walk across the river. The night was warm enough, thus the water was not really cold.
###Chapter 516: UNDER THE MOONLIGHT
Chapter 516: UNDER THE MOONLIGHT
"Where do you want to take me?" Iris asked, she was comfortable enough to stay clinging onto Cane’s back even though they had crossed the river long back. 
Cane didn’t put her down, and she didn’t want to be put down either. It was great because she didn’t need to walk and even more so when she had a reasonable reason to hug him like this. 
They didn’t go deeper into the mountains, it seemed, Cane took her to the other side of this Goffa mountain. Only now did she realize how big it was, as it stretched between the two packs; the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack. 
They walked across a clearing and the grass looked so soft and comfortable enough to walk barefoot, still, it wasn’t enough to tempt Iris to get down from Cane’s back. 
"Somewhere nice. I hope you will love it." 
Iris wanted to say that she would love to be anywhere with Cane, but she refrained herself from saying that out loud, because of how cheesy it would sound. In the end, she settled on enjoying the sight before her eyes. 
Dense trees lined up this clearing, while the night sky looked so bright with pale moonlight illuminating their path. Unfortunately, there were not many stars above them. The wind was not cold and Iris really enjoyed this walk with Cane, or she could say it was Cane, who was walking with her on his back. 
And they spent half an hour or so of walking in silence, silence that fulfilled them, where they didn’t need to submit to the obligation to speak, since being in the presence of each other was already enough to fill the void in their hearts and give comfort to their troubled minds and all the problems they had to face sooner or later. 
The only important thing they had right now was each other. They only wanted to be in each other’s presence at this very moment. 
"I found this place when I stayed in the mountains long enough years ago." 
Iris understood what exact moment Cane meant, it must be the time when her father sent many people to the mountains, but gave those shifters Rottingbane beforehand, so they wouldn’t be able to shift into their beasts to protect themselves from the monsters. They needed to bring back one monster within three days, or else their loved ones would be killed. 
Only a handful returned, while the other members of the Howling Wolf pack died in some part of this mountain or were killed in their attempt to bring back the dead monster to save their loved ones from Gerald’s cruelty. 
And every time, Cane would be able to return. 
Shivers ran down Iris’ spine when she realized that Cane could have died during any one of those times, while her father did torture him, he never actively tried to kill him. 
However, leaving him in the mountains without being able to shift into his beast to defend himself was a dangerous gamble, unfortunately, her father and brother loved that game. Something completely wrong could have happened to him at that time and she wouldn’t have been able to have this chance to love him. 
Feeling how Iris’ mood dampened because of what he said, Cane put her down and kissed the tip of her nose. "Don’t think too much." Cane didn’t say it to make her uncomfortable or sad, he only stated a fact. "This is my favorite place whenever I am here. I am sure nobody knows about this place." 
"What is it?" Iris lifted her head, she still looked sad, but there was a glint of curiosity in her blue eyes. 
"Come here." Cane took her hand and both of them climbed the hill. 
"You shouldn’t have put me down," Iris mumbled, she was trying to keep up with Cane, while the Alpha looked so at ease even after he carried her halfway here. 
Cane chuckled when he heard that. "You need to get a little bit of exercise." 
"My feet are not as long as yours..." Iris complained, she started panting now, but Cane didn’t want to carry her again. 
"It’s good for you to warm up." 
Iris pursed her lips, but she didn’t say anything anymore, she needed to save her breath and strength, as she followed him. 
Once they reached the top of the hill, Iris gasped in fascination to watch the sight on the other side of the hill that she climbed. Just like what Cane said, it was worth it. 
"What... how can there be a place like this?!" Iris exclaimed, the scenery was so breathtaking, it took her breath away. 
"Trust me, I have the same question," Cane said softly, as he grabbed her hand and helped her to get down the hill, which Iris did without any complaint, since she was enjoying viewing the place Cane showed her. 
"Cane, this place is so amazing..." Iris breathed the words out. 
"Hm. It’s amazing indeed." Cane stared at Iris when he said those words. 
This part of the mountain was a spacious clearing, where the grass grew in the color of white, as if it was covered in snow. The surrounding trees were covered in moss of blue color, which glittered under the moonlight, while the flowers were the color of black. Iris had never seen such flowers before. They looked beautiful yet ominous. The flowers almost looked like they were saying; people could stare at them, but they couldn’t touch them, since they didn’t know whether the flower was poisonous or not. 
But what left Iris flabbergasted was the lake, the lake was clear blue. The water looked so clear, you could see the bottom of it. Iris stood at the edge and saw the colorful stones at the bottom of the lake. 
"Careful," Cane warned her, he put his hand around her hips protectively, he knew his mate could be clumsy and he didn’t want her to get wet, at least, not in that sense... 
"How did you find this place?" Iris’ face was so red, as she smiled. "This place is magical." She stared at the white grass and squatted down to pluck a blade. It felt so soft, the texture was different from the normal grass, it was almost like fur instead, lying on it would feel like you were lying on a soft bed. 
"I don’t know, I found it by accident," Cane replied. He stared at his mate, who looked so happy to see this place. "I am glad you like this place too." 
"I love it!" Iris stood up and tiptoed to kiss Cane on the lips, but because she couldn’t reach him and Cane was being a tease by not lowering his head, Iris could only kiss his shoulder. She pursed her lips, but it didn’t dampen her mood, as she ran around this place to admire the flowers, the strange blue moss on the trees and found colorful stones, which exuded yellow light from their cracks. 
"Don’t you think the blue moss is in the same color as the lake water? Don’t you think the trees absorbed the water from the lake and then the moss absorbed it from the trees, so it is in the same color? But, why are the trees still in the color of brown?" Iris’ curiosity had gone wild. "Do you think these flowers are poisonous? Have you tried to eat one? Is it okay for me to sniff at it?" 
Cane laughed to see the enthusiasm in her eyes. "I thought the blue color was the same as your eyes," Cane replied, as he approached his mate, but Iris ran away to the other side of the tree. "And no, everything is safe." He had tried it before and even drank the water from the lake. If he found a harmful in this place, he wouldn’t have taken Iris here, knowing her curiosity could put her in danger. 
"Oh." Iris then sniffed the flower and tried to remember what kind of scent it exuded. "I feel like I have smelled this kind of scent, but I can’t remember what it is..." 
"Cinnamon," Cane said, he approached Iris again, but she was busy sniffing another flower in a different shape. "That’s the first thing that came to my mind when I smelled it." 
"Oh, right!" Iris sniffed the other flowers again. "Oh, I think all the flowers here have the same scent, despite their shapes being different," she concluded. She then went to the lake again. "Have you ever swam there? It doesn’t seem too deep." 
"Do you want to swim?" This time, Cane managed to catch up with her and stood behind his mate. 
"No, I have never swam before," Iris replied honestly. 
"I can teach you." 
"You can?" Iris tilted her head and caught how dark Cane’ eyes were. Her heart skipped a beat. 
"Hm." 
"Uhm, maybe next time," Iris said, she felt the butterflies in her stomach flutter their wings and her face became so hot when she could feel the atmosphere had shifted. 
"Why not now? I want you to enjoy this place." 
"This place is beautiful." Iris genuinely felt that way. "Thank you for taking me here." 
"This place is indeed beautiful, but I took you here not to show you how beautiful this place is, but to show my favorite place to my favorite person."
Iris widened her eyes and turned her body around to look at Cane. "Cane, is that really you?" Never in a million years did she imagine she would ever hear something like that from him. 
"It’s me, Iris." Cane kissed the tip of her nose and pulled her closer, as he kissed her lips. "I want you, Iris, will you give yourself to me?"
###Chapter 517: UNDER THE MOONLIGHT (2)
Chapter 517: UNDER THE MOONLIGHT (2)
Darling, 
Kiss me like you need 
To feel safe 
Because my lips want to know 
All the places 
You have been hurt 
So, they can make all the pain drift away. 
I was lying beside you 
And you had this half smile 
Because my hands 
Were drifting down your spine. 
And you looked at me 
And I lost track of everything 
Because I realized 
Just how badly 
I want under your skin. 
*** Pillow Thoughts; Courtney Peppernell *** 
"I want you, Iris, will you give yourself to me?" 
The words reverberated in her ears and echoed in her heart. Above them, the moon hid behind the clouds, as if it too got shy hearing the bold declaration of the Alpha. 
He wanted her, he wanted his mate. 
He took her away from the pack house, so they wouldn’t be bothered by anything or anyone and for tonight, only the two of them would matter. 
Iris felt her heart thump wildly in her ears. She was sure Cane must be able to hear that, too, but his eyes, the way he looked at her, captivated all of her senses and she couldn’t think of anything else right now. 
This was not the first time for them, but surely enough, if Iris just agreed, this would be the first time they would be doing it with her consent. 
Even with everything that was going on around them and all the things that went so wrong with the plans or how the capital city was being burned down in the flames of war, as they chased after power and fame, right here and right now, it was only the two of them. 
Iris knew this time would come, she had been preparing herself for this moment and they were so close to do the deed before everything went south, but right now, with this genuine gesture from Cane and seeing how thoughtful he was being, she felt so overwhelmed, she could feel how specially he treated her or how considerate he was for wanting to make this moment meaningful for her too. 
Cane didn’t just want to have sex with her and satisfy their sexual needs, he wanted to go deeper than that. He wanted her to be naked and bare with him. He wanted this to be a moment they could remember for the years to come, where they would have a little bit of hope whenever they felt life was too difficult and hard on them, that even for once, they had a moment where they only cared for one another. They had each other. 
"I didn’t bring you here for you to agree to my request, Iris, this is not a demand..." Cane barely finished his words when Iris pulled him close to her and kissed his lips, and this time, he accommodated her by bending down his tall body. 
"I want it," Iris said timidly, the bright moon and the night sky reflected in her blue eyes. Her cheeks turned crimson as her slightly parted lips trembled. 
"Afraid?" Cane asked, caressing her cheek. She could feel how rough his palm was against her skin, but she liked it nonetheless. 
Iris shook her head, but pressed her lips into a thin line. Her eyes showed her determination, but her voice turned into a whisper when she spoke again. "But... I don’t know what to do..." 
Iris could say that she did nothing during their previous intimate moments, as she only cried and screamed at Cane in those moments and aside from that, she didn’t have any experience or reference. 
Now that they were really going to do it and Cane let her know beforehand, Iris became a little bit self conscious. 
"Just follow your instinct, Iris. You did pretty well before..." Cane whispered into her ear, as he combed her hair with his fingers and let her curls cascade down her back after he pulled her hair tie. 
Iris bit her lip when she heard that, Cane’s voice was so close to her ear and she loved the way his warm breath skimmed her skin. 
"Like when we were in the bathroom?" Iris asked, as she felt Cane pull the strings behind her dress and the fabric loosened up around her body. 
"Yes, like when we were in the bathroom." 
Iris grimaced, as she rested her head against Cane’s sturdy chest, hearing his strong heartbeat. She remembered how sore her hand was. She wondered what kind of state she would be in by the time they were done. She prayed Grace’s concoction would keep her strong enough to keep up with him while that was the sole reason Cane asked the healer to make the concoction in the first place. 
Slowly, her dress slid down her body and pooled around her ankles, leaving her only in her undergarments. Cane stepped back and stared at her beauty, while his mate looked so bashful to be at the receiving end of such an intense gaze. 
Cane took both of her hands and kissed her knuckles. "I will be so damned if I hurt you tonight, Iris." 
"No, you will not..." Iris said with a small voice. 
However, both of them knew no one could say anything for sure. This would be the first time they were trying to test their limits. 
Cane could control himself before, but then, they didn’t go further ahead that time. Right now, their emotions were so raw. 
"You should keep the dagger with you," Cane said, as he leaned over and kissed her bare shoulder. 
"Don’t be ridiculous," Iris said sternly, but her body shivered when his lips touched her skin and nibbled for a moment there, before he stared into her eyes again. 
"Just in case," Cane said, kissing her nose. 
"I can squeeze your wolf spirit, in case you forgot about that, so you can put your mind at ease." Iris pursed her lips, she didn’t like it when Cane talked to her about hurting himself like he was fine with that. 
Clear amusement danced in Cane’s eyes when he heard what she said. "That’s more efficient. Please do it if I go too far." 
Never. 
Iris wouldn’t say the word out loud, thus she kissed his lips and bit his lower lip lightly, as Cane sighed into her mouth and hugged her closely. He put his hand on the back of her neck and deepened the kiss. 
Iris was so small compared to him and he felt like it would be so easy for him to break her if he was not being careful enough. He couldn’t imagine how he could do what he had done to her in the past. The guilt of it would haunt him for the rest of his life. 
"I can’t take off your shirt..." Iris mumbled between their kiss and Cane laughed at her random comment. 
She wasn’t tall enough to pull it over Cane’s head, nor was she strong enough to tear it apart like he did with hers. That was why she was stuck now. Since she was not sure what to do and what the right steps to do it, she only mimicked what Cane did to her. 
"You don’t need to worry about that." 
"But, I am half naked now, while you are still dressed up. It’s not fair." 
Cane chuckled. "The night is still long, Iris, both of us will be completely naked at some point." 
The night was still long? How long did he intend it to be? 
Cane left wet kisses on her shoulder, as he trailed his lips down her collarbones, which made Iris’ legs turn very weak, as she curled her toes in. 
"You have beautiful collarbones, Iris, do you know that?" 
No. Iris didn’t know anything anymore, aside from the feel of his lips on her skin and how lightly he caressed her nipples with his thumbs. She clutched the front of his shirt and prayed her legs wouldn’t give in. 
Iris closed her eyes when she felt her undergarment being torn apart. How easy it was for him to undress her... 
"You are so beautiful, Iris..." Cane said that again, kissing every scar on her skin and hearing the person she loved saying that over and over, made Iris feel beautiful about herself... 
This time, Cane dropped to his knees and kissed her inner thigh. 
"Cane!" Iris opened her eyes in surprise, as she supported herself by holding onto his shoulders. It was ticklish, but more than that, she was mortified that Cane intended to kiss her down there... 
Seeing Iris was not comfortable yet, Cane stopped and kissed her navel instead, licking her skin. He could smell her arousal and how wet she was when he touched her.
"You smell so good, I will be so mad if someone notices this," Cane said darkly. The issue of her masking her arousal was still not discussed further. They really needed to meet with Grace to talk about this problem. 
Iris blushed when she noticed how possessive Cane sounded when he said that. She closed her eyes, but it only intensified the sensation she felt down there when he moved his finger slowly. It was a torture when he teased her this way. 
"Cane..." Iris felt her breath become heavy while her legs were about to give away. Cane lifted his head to stare at her contorted face. 
"What do you want, Iris?" Cane asked in his hoarse voice. The sight of his mate beneath the dark sky with the moon behind her was a sight to behold. 
Iris bit her lip, too shy to say it, but too eager to get her release. 
Cane inserted one more finger, which made Iris gasp, but he slowed down his movements even more, which made her whimper. 
"F- faster, please..."
###Chapter 518: UNDER THE MOONLIGHT (3)
Chapter 518: UNDER THE MOONLIGHT (3)
I am a solar system
With crashing comets and star clusters. 
And in all my pieces 
She exists 
I can feel her so strongly 
It’s like I am not even me 
Anymore 
Like all my pieces belong to her. 
And if the moon could talk. 
I wonder if he would tell the night 
Just how lovely she is 
With all those stars shining bright. 
*** Pillow Thoughts; Courtney Peppernell *** 
Iris closed her eyes and shouted his name when she came undone. Her whole body trembled as her legs gave away, but Cane was there to break her fall. He let her pant against his neck and held her closely, as he bit her shoulder lightly. 
Tears rolled down her cheeks, as the feeling was so overwhelming for her. 
"Okay?" Cane asked, once Iris’ body stopped trembling. He laid her down on the soft white grass. Her curls spread on it, which gave the contrast color to the sight. 
"Mmh..." Iris mumbled, as she stared at Cane with her eyes hooded. 
"We are not yet done, Iris." Cane watched how her face could turn even redder than this as she reverted back to her timid self, especially when she watched how he licked his wet fingers that were soaked with her release. 
Her eyes widened in shock, as her lips parted slightly. 
Cane smiled and started to kiss her lips. This time, Iris opened her mouth for him, letting his tongue explore hers, reveling in the taste of herself. 
Cane really took his time, just like he said, the night was still long and he was teasing her now, as he took everything very slowly, so it wouldn’t take Iris by surprise. 
He took every step carefully and made sure she could handle it. He wouldn’t want to see her bedridden again for days after everything that had been done. 
Sweat ran in rivulets down Iris’ back, while her long hair was damp as some strands stuck to her skin. 
Cane had stolen her breath away with his kisses and the way he touched her, but Iris had given him her heart. 
When this long kiss finally ended, Cane lifted his head and stared at her swollen lips. He overdid it again, as he could see a small cut on her bottom lip, but Iris, seemingly, didn’t even realize that. He leaned over again to lick it, while Iris panted heavily and her body became so hot. 
"Cane..." Iris called his name and tried to push him away when his lips went to assault her earlobe, but Cane grabbed both of her hands and pinned them above her head with one hand. "Cane!" Iris tried to get away from him, as he nibbled on her earlobe relentlessly. The ticklish sensation sent shivers down her spine to her core. 
Her earlobes were so sensitive and of course, the Alpha had known that for a long time and the fact Iris didn’t even ask him to stop, it must feel good for her in a torturous way that she couldn’t comprehend. 
Cane stopped his assault when Iris tried to grind herself against him, as she was desperate to find her release. Her arousal heightened and Cane knew it. His eyes darkened further. 
Her beating heart thrummed in her ears and her skin longed for his touch. She wanted him to touch every inch of her body with his lips. Iris didn’t even realize what she was doing, being drowned in this blissful moment, but also a torturous one. Her body ached for something and she wanted him to fill the void. 
This feeling was uncomfortable and she wanted him to make her feel good again... 
This time, Cane’s small kisses traveled down from her neck to her chest, leaving a hot, wet trail behind, while his free hand cupped her breast and pinched her nipple. 
However, when Iris tried to push her body up, so she could feel him, Cane released her hands and pressed her hips down. 
"Cane!" Iris opened her eyes and stared at her mate anxiously. 
"Not yet, Iris..." Cane said, as he went further down on her body and Iris knew what he was going to do, as she felt his lips on her navel again and now both of his hands were on her hips, pressing her down, which made the discomfort between her legs grew even more. 
At this point, Iris couldn’t care less when Cane lowered his body even more and kissed her inner thighs, he lingered a little bit longer there, intentionally avoiding the most aching part of her body. 
"Cane, please..." Iris cried, as she grabbed the white grass beneath her, this feeling was even more overwhelming than the earlier one. Her body was wound up tightly. 
But, she let out a moan when Cane finally gave her the attention she desperately needed. His lips were on her, as his tongue tasted her sweetness, savoring her. He flicked his tongue and this made her whole body tremble, as she whimpered and cried, because Cane would stop when she was so close. He was so mean! 
"Cane!" Iris protested and she could hear his deep chuckle to hear the anger from his little mate. Iris threw him a pleading look and pursed her lips. 
If Iris was not in the throes of her desire, she wouldn’t have imagined herself being in this position with Cane’s face between her legs. 
And this time, Cane took her for real, while Iris parted her legs to give him more access. She didn’t know that this feeling could be so overwhelming, could someone die from being so aroused? 
When Iris reached her climax, she felt like her whole body had exploded, as she cried at the soul numbing sensation. The feeling was unnerving and blissful at the same time. This time, it lasted longer than the first, while Cane took everything... 
Iris felt so drained when the waves of pleasure washed over her and she opened her eyes in a daze only to see Cane had taken off his shirt, the sight of his body made Iris bite her lip. She had seen him naked before, but every time, she would find herself fascinated by him over and over again. His body was packed with muscles. 
And even though she already knew his body was way bigger than hers, seeing this again only reminded Iris of how easily this man could crush her if he wanted to. 
"I like the sight of you right now, Iris," Cane said, as he leaned over to grab her dress and bunch it up under her lower back, so it would support her hips, giving him easy access to her. He took off his pants as well and everything that could come between him and his mate... 
"Wh- what are you doing?" Iris was tired, but she was curious about what Cane was planning to do by placing the dress behind her back. She felt like her body was about to give up, yet she forced herself to stay awake. Cane hadn’t even started anything with himself when she already came twice. 
"Relax, Iris, you will feel more comfortable this way..." Cane lowered his body and kissed her lips, but he didn’t linger longer, as he lifted his head slightly and stared at her. "Are you good?" He checked with her. 
"Yes..." Iris raised her hands and caressed his cheeks, while the Alpha indulged himself in her comforting scent. 
"Did I hurt you?" 
"No." Iris shook her head and was bashful when she felt his member between her legs, nudging her opening. She was still wet from her climax and Cane didn’t really ’clean’ her up down there, so you could hear the sound of it when he moved into her. 
"I am amazed that I am still in control..." Cane said softly, as if he was talking to himself. 
"I know you can..." Iris whispered back to him and this made Cane kiss her neck. 
"I think my fear of hurting you is far greater than anything else..." Cane kissed his mark on her neck, the sight filled his heart with pride. 
On the other hand, Iris felt so close to him after she heard that. It was so rare for Cane to express his feelings in words, but at this moment, under the moonlight and in this magical place, he tried to be bare with her and the feeling was so raw... her heart swelled with happiness to get the confirmation of how much Cane cared about her. 
Cane had shown the same through his actions countless times, but the feeling hit differently when he verbalized it, as if the simple words he said helped eradicate the last trace of doubt in her heart. 
"Wrap your legs around me, Iris." 
Iris did as she was told and she gasped when she felt him, how hard he was right now and both of them groaned when Cane started to thrust into her gently. She grabbed his shoulders, while he pinched and twirled her nipples between his fingers, watching her expression, as he moved inside her. 
Then, Cane started to move. It was so strange for him to be able to have control over his body when he lusted over his mate. In the past, he couldn’t care less about his partner’s comfort. It was fine as long as he got his release. But this time, it was different... 
Meanwhile, Iris felt some pain while she tried to adjust to his size and Cane could feel her discomfort, as he stopped. It took everything in him not to move and fuck her so hard. He released her nipples and grabbed the grass around him, so he wouldn’t hurt her.
###Chapter 519: UNDER THE MOONLIGHT (4)
Chapter 519: UNDER THE MOONLIGHT (4)
It’s so hard to know what to say 
To someone who feels so lost, 
So I will stand here for you 
In the wind and the rain 
And I will be the lighthouse you need. 
Take my hand and breathe again 
And I will guide you home. 
She’s that girl 
Who doesn’t believe 
In herself all that 
Much 
And for the life of me 
I can’t understand 
Why 
Because my belief 
In her 
Goes beyond the sky. 
*** Pillow Thoughts; Courtney Peppernell *** 
"Iris?" Cane called her name as softly as he could, though he was fighting back the urge to move inside of her. He couldn’t hold back now, there was no way for him to not go through with this. He would be doomed if Iris asked him to stop, but still, he was determined to stop if that was what she wanted. 
Tears trickled down from the corners of her eyes and Cane kissed them. 
"J- just a moment," Iris said, she felt so full, even overwhelmed with him seated deep inside her. It was still painful, though this was not the first time they had done it. Probably, it was because they didn’t do it regularly. 
Meanwhile, Cane held himself back, his back drenched with sweat, as he endured the torture. His breathing turned labored, as he waited for her to be more comfortable. 
Only when Iris kissed his chin and nodded softly at him, did he start to move again, but he lost a little bit control there when he thrusted her too deep and this made Iris arch her back and cry out in pain, yet, Cane couldn’t stop, he managed to slow down his pace, but he was long far gone... 
"Cane..." Iris felt her whole body shaking, as he moved in and out of her and with every thrust, he only went deeper than the last. She braced herself for the pain. 
But, surprisingly, it didn’t last for long. A moment later, she could feel how her body started to react to his fervor. 
The feeling was so surreal she couldn’t help but ask him to move faster, and her wish was granted. 
This quiet night was filled with the sounds of their labored breathings as their bodies collided against one another. The sweet scent of sex filled this magical place, as fireflies appeared on the surface of the lake, the soft yellow glow from them caught their attention, as Cane and Iris tilted their heads to see the beautiful sight before them. 
It looked like the stars came down to them. 
"It’s beautiful..." Iris said breathlessly. 
"They are nothing compared to you," Cane replied, as he moved faster and bit his mark on her shoulder, his teeth didn’t sink too deep, but of course, it would leave bruises in the morning. 
Suddenly, Iris tensed and her body convulsed around him, as she bit his shoulder to muffle her cries, as waves of pleasure washed over her once again. 
But, Cane was not done yet. He just started... 
He pulled out and flipped Iris’ body, so her back was facing him. Iris screeched because she knew what kind of sight Cane would be greeted with, but Cane didn’t give a damn about her scars. She was beautiful nonetheless. 
Cane bit her back lightly while he pulled her ass toward him and made her kneel down, as he entered her again in this position, while Iris was still reeling from her third climax. He rubbed her clit while still moving inside her and this made Iris feel like her body was just a breath away from giving up, as she started to be aroused again. How could her body take it? How long would it take for Cane to get his release? 
But then, she couldn’t think anymore when Cane moved faster and harder, the tip of him hit her womb, his phallus filled her, stretched her even more, while his fingers stimulated her further, giving her more pleasure than she could handle... 
Iris cried when she felt she was so close and this feeling filled her to the brim. She knew she would still feel him even when days had passed. Cane was a little bit out of control, but she still could bear it. 
Yet, it started to terrify her when she got her pleasure for the fourth time and Cane was not yet done with her. 
This time, Cane made her sit down on him, as he nibbled on her nipples and held her body close, so she wouldn’t fall. 
Heavens! She didn’t think, no matter how many of Grace’s concoctions she drank, she would never match his stamina, not even close... 
Indeed, the night was still long... 
============================== 
Iris was not sure how many times she was pushed over the edge and got her release, because she stopped counting after the fifth. She really didn’t need to ask what she should do, because Cane did all the labor for both of them. 
The bright light of the sunrise fell on her face and she groaned, as she opened her eyes. Her body ached deliciously and she realized she didn’t have any strength left to even raise her finger. 
From the corner of her eyes, she saw Cane approaching the bed. His expression was devoid of any emotions, but his eyes couldn’t lie. He was worried sick. 
"Too... bright..." Iris whimpered, closing her eyes again and Cane immediately drew the curtains close so it would be comfortable for her eyes, only then he approached her again and sat down on the edge of the bed, holding her hand. 
"Did I overdo it?" Cane asked, his voice was so deep and dark. It seemed he hadn’t gotten any sleep since last night. 
Iris swallowed so hard, she refused to answer that question, because she was not sure whether it was him who overdid it, or it was her being disappointed in herself for not being able to keep up with him. 
Cane took a glass of water from the table beside the bed and helped her to drink it, as he put more pillows behind her back, when he saw that Iris refused to talk. She flinched when she moved her body and this made Cane’s jaw tick. He tried to be as gentle as possible. 
The liquid slid down her throat and she felt so relieved. It was so nice and she asked for another glass sheepishly. "How many days has it been?" She finally asked when her dry throat felt a little bit better. 
Cane chuckled to hear the question. He neatened her curls with his fingers. "Only six hours, Iris. It is still the same day." 
It was news for Iris, she only fell asleep for six hours? "Only six hours?" She was surprised. 
"You got better." Cane nodded and kissed the tip of her nose. 
"No. I am still sore," Iris grumbled, she flinched when she tried to move her body, she felt like she was still leaking down there. It was embarrassing... 
"A moment, I will get your medicine." Cane stood up and walked across the room, while Iris stared at herself. 
She was sure it was Cane, who had carried her back, as she was too tired and sleepy to do it on her own. She remembered that she fell asleep after she heard the way Cane moaned out her name. Iris didn’t know her name could be said so melodiously. 
And the way his body shuddered and how he breathed heavily when he came undone, it made her want more... she was right when she thought, the sound of his voice when he got his release would be as blissful as the sound of his laugh, if not more... 
Right there, Iris stopped herself because she didn’t want Cane to smell her arousal again. Ugh! She felt so embarrassed of herself to even think about that and get aroused when she barely survived last night. Well... even though she wouldn’t complain. 
"Open your legs," Cane said, as he pulled away the blanket. 
"Hhuh? What?" Iris was not quick enough to secure the blanket around her body, so soon, she was sitting there with only her night dress without any undergarments on, something that she just realized. 
"Open your legs, Iris. I need to reapply it every three hours. You are swollen down there, that’s why you feel sore," Cane explained it calmly, but his eyes darkened a few shades. 
"I- I will do it," Iris said. She was mortified to let Cane see her down there when her mind was sober enough to feel bashful. 
"I have already seen everything, Iris. What are you embarrassed about?" Cane then sat down, pulled up her dress and pushed her legs slightly apart. 
He reapplied the medicine on her intimate part, which made Iris protest, but she was too tired and had no strength left to push him away. Therefore, she could only stare at the ceiling and pray he would be done quickly. She was too embarrassed to see him between her legs again. 
However, Cane really took his time, as he did it slowly and attentively. He must have smelled her arousal again, which she tried to hold back, but this time, he said nothing about it and focused on his task. 
Iris felt her soul had left her body when Cane was finally done, pulled down her dress and covered her body with a blanket. 
"I will ask someone to get your meals and medicine," Cane told her. He didn’t realize since when it became a habit of him to tell Iris what he was going to do. 
Once Cane returned, he observed her more. 
"Do you feel pain anywhere else?" 
Iris shook her head. "I am fine, Cane. You don’t need to worry." 
She was wrong, Cane was not worried, he was scared.
###Chapter 520: PREPARATION TO THE SILVER RIVER PACK
Chapter 520: PREPARATION TO THE SILVER RIVER PACK
I could spend hours talking to you and it only feels like a handful of moments. And I know that life can be difficult and challenges get in the way, but with you, life feels effortless. It feels like the struggle is worth it. Just to see you at the end of the day. When I am with you, the sadness goes away.
*** Pillow Thoughts; Courtney Pepperneil *** 
It was not easy for Cane to deal with this feeling of fear. Those blissful moments were just that, momentary. Then he noticed Iris’ exhausted face and how some parts of her body were bruised. The color irritated him. He was afraid something so bad had happened to her. 
But then, if she could survive their previous intimate times when he had not been careful enough, she would survive this, too. This consolatory thought was not really helpful, because it irked him even more to be reminded of something that forever would be engraved in his mind and heart. 
"You don’t need to be worried, Cane. I am only a little bit tired," Iris said, as she stretched her arms out. 
Cane carefully leaned closer and rested his forehead on her shoulder, as they hugged each other. In this position, it was obvious that he didn’t put all of his weight on her. 
"How do you feel?" Cane asked after some time passed. He licked the bruise on her neck, which was the result of him biting his mark on her skin. 
"I feel... good," Iris cleared her throat. "How do you feel?" 
Cane stopped licking her bruise. "Awful." He started to communicate his feelings now, though it was not the answer that Iris anticipated. 
"What?" Iris pushed him slightly away from her, so she could look at his face. He still had this emotionless expression, but his eyes were so gloomy, as if there was a storm brewing inside him. "Did I... was it that bad? I told you I didn’t know what to do." 
Cane was speechless, he was mad because the outcome was not what he wanted it to be. Iris got hurt. But here she was; thinking she didn’t perform well enough. Who cared about that? 
"Iris, you can play dead and lay down still like a plank for all I care." Cane’s voice was very stern. "I will not complain and still find you attractive." 
Iris blushed. What was that supposed to mean? "Is that a compliment?" 
Hearing the question, Cane chuckled. He laughed more nowadays, too, even with the tragedy that struck his pack and how they were in this dire situation. She still managed to crack him up, even when he was upset and frustrated. 
The way she blushed, the way she asked him timidly while trying so hard to look nonchalant, but failing miserably. He liked this side of her and how he would find her ogling at him with fascination at times. 
Cane was not sure what she found so attractive about him. But he could see the way she loved him fearlessly. She wanted to try everything for him. She stretched her boundaries and tested her limits for him. She endured everything... the pain, the agony, the hardship that came when she chose to be with him and here she was; still staring at him with adoration in her eyes. 
He was a monster, but still, she came closer to him undauntedly. 
It was surreal to have this woman in his life when he thought he wouldn’t fall for anyone anymore. But here he was, succumbing to her presence and unable to let her go. 
It started with her giving him the Blue Moon pack, but it ended up with him giving her his whole heart. 
There was nothing much, though. His heart was not pretty, after all. It had been broken and shattered into a million pieces, but by some miracle, it was still beating and now, it beat for her... 
"You did nothing wrong," Cane said softly, he grabbed her hands and kissed her knuckles solemnly. "I am disappointed, because in the end, I still hurt you." 
"No, you didn’t." Iris was adamant. She felt uneasy when she thought Cane wouldn’t try it again with her. Well, she only said she was sore, but she didn’t complain... 
Cane chuckled again, he could see how eager Iris was to prove that she was fine, when the evidence was all over her skin. 
"You need to eat more and rest." Cane kissed the tip of her nose and stood up right in time someone knocked on the door to deliver Iris’ meals and medicines. 
After her stomach was full and they talked about Cane’s next step, Iris fell asleep again. She snored softly, looking all content, as she rested her head on his lap. Cane checked on a few reports, while caressing her head. 
Iris slept all the way through the afternoon and only woke up before dinner time. She felt better as her soreness had decreased significantly. It must be because Cane dutifully applied the medicine when she was sleeping, since it should be reapplied every three hours. 
Iris felt so embarrassed, but there was this beautiful smile on her lips. She liked when Cane paid attention to her. 
The next day, they discussed leaving for the Silver River pack. As usual, Jace would stay behind and be in charge of the pack, while Ethan would come with them, so would Redmond, which meant, he would probably not be able to be there when Sofia gave birth to his firstborn. 
The thought of it gave him mixed feelings. 
"I don’t care about the baby," Redmond grumbled every time he thought about the matter. "Women give birth every day. It’s not like I can do anything about it anyway." He gulped down the entire bottle and slammed it on the table, as he left the money and walked back home. 
Sofia had toned down her nastiness a little bit now. Though Redmond was not sure what the cause for her change of attitude was, it was nice not to have to fight with her every single moment they were in close proximity. She also made Maria stop arguing with him, which helped Redmond a lot, because he was on the verge of bashing that old woman’s head against the wall for bothering him so much. 
"I heard you are going with the Alpha and the others to the other packs," Sofia broke the silence between them when they were having their dinner. Maria dutifully cooked for her and supplied everything she needed, since she was not allowed to step into the pack house. 
The old woman was still thinking the Alpha would come to his senses once the baby was born, thus she didn’t bother him so much, especially when she was not able to see him, even when she tried so hard to do so. 
With everything that was going on in the pack, the problem with Sofia didn’t look so important again in the eyes of most of the pack members, as they had a lot of things to deal with. More so, when their alpha didn’t even pay attention to this pregnant woman. They started to question the baby’s origins as well. Now that Kaz was not in the picture to rally people behind him to worship Sofia, she slowly drifted to the back of their minds. 
"Yeah," Redmond answered curtly, as he ate his food, while Sofia played with it, seemingly not feeling any appetite. 
"How could they bring you with them when you are part of the very pack that had attacked them? They still trust you?" 
Redmond frowned and stopped eating when he heard the question. "If you are still clueless about what is going on and what is going to happen, I will educate you a little bit here," he said in a light tone. 
Sofia pursed her lips. She knew she was not that bright when it came to the state affairs or reading the power struggle between men over territory and whatnot, but it vexed her when Redmond pointed that out in a not so very nice way. Still, she didn’t curse at him. 
"Cane is the only alpha in the south now. With the power struggle in the capital city and how those people fought for the throne, he is going to unite all the seven packs in the south under his command. Soon, there will be no more individual packs in the south, only one and he will be the Alpha." Redmond was not really good at explaining, so he only blurted out the common things that people had predicted when they read the shift in power. 
Therefore, what he told her was just common knowledge that had spread among people. 
"More so, if they still bothered me with the fact that those traitors came from the Blue Moon pack, I can remind them I have killed most of my comrades and I will do the same if they didn’t shut their mouths up." 
Redmond then ate more aggressively, he was irritated to be reminded of that and Sofia didn’t try to engage in a conversation with Redmond again. 
It was not that she wanted to upset him, she only wanted to have someone to talk to, but she didn’t know the safe topics to discuss... 
=============================== 
"What do you want?" Cane asked Haco, as the sorcerer came to visit him in the study room. His expression looked troubled, which told Cane there must be something important he wanted to tell him. 
Meanwhile, Iris was sitting next to Cane, doing her own thing. She had been learning about medicine with Grace and Ardand for the past few days. 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 521: THE CONSEQUENCES
Chapter 521: THE CONSEQUENCES
Iris was dozing off when Haco came into the study room. She insisted on staying behind with Cane as she wanted to return to their bedroom together with him. 
Even though Sofia was no longer occupying her bedroom, she felt uncomfortable sleeping on the same bed some other woman had used. More so, she got used to sleeping with Cane by her side. It would feel so weird and empty without him to hold her. 
Therefore, it didn’t take long for her to sneak back into Cane’s bed and sleep there, the Alpha of course knew when his mate came and snuggled against him. He didn’t have any complaints and cuddled with her instead. 
After that, it was an unspoken decision that Iris wouldn’t use her bedroom, even though the bar had been torn down and she could come and go between the two rooms, she simply didn’t bother to stay on her side. 
There was no need for her to go back and forth and waste her energy and time when she knew where she wanted to be. 
"What do you want?" Cane asked, he was going to call it a day. But this sorcerer came in right before he finished the last report and gave the last order to Oliver. 
"Why do I feel like you don’t like to see me?" Haco frowned. "We have not met for four days now. Nice to see you well, Iris." His voice softened when he saw the Luna lift her head and rub her sleepy eyes. 
"Haco," Iris greeted him. 
"Are you done reading the book?" Haco gave her a book for her to learn about various powers that a magic user could use. Now that they had confirmed Iris was related to the first Serafim, they needed to tread this matter carefully. Because not only would they attract their enemy toward her and put her in danger, but this information could be used to make the people in the Holy Kingdom their enemy as well, since it would be an insult to say Iris was also a Serafim. 
More so, they still needed to dig deeper into this new revelation and also, there was still no news on Lady Cyan. They hoped one of the monsters had eaten her alive, so half of their problems would be solved, though it was only wishful thinking. 
"I have read half of it," Iris replied. Aside from learning medicine from Grace and Ardand, while helping the injured warriors, who were still recuperating inside the tents, she was also learning more about magic users and the powers they held. It was a complicated thing and she realized her knowledge about it only grazed the surface level, though she had read a lot of books on the same topic. 
Haco was guiding her and she would spend an hour or two everyday with him. 
"Good. Good." Haco nodded in satisfaction, but then his expression became serious when he looked at Cane. "There is something important I need to tell you. I thought I could keep it to myself, but then I felt like it would not be right if you don’t know about this." 
"What is it?" Cane narrowed his eyes, as Haco sat down on the chair in front of him and Iris. He looked so exhausted and even more fragile. Cane had asked Grace to check his condition, but the healer only said his health just deteriorated rapidly without being able to place the cause of it. "You can’t let Zeke extract the lycan out of you. Don’t even think about it or let that happen." 
Zeke was Cyan’s father. Haco had disclosed that Zeke was his senior when they were still in the Holy Kingdom, but then, his access to information about him was close to nil. More so, he had left the Holy Kingdom decades ago. 
He had been debating with himself after he learned how Zeke had tried to extract the lycan out of Cane’s body. 
"You can’t let that happen." Haco said seriously, he leaned his body forward and stared into Cane’s dark eyes. "Don’t." 
"Why?" Iris asked, she could sense there was something more to it. "Why not?" 
It didn’t mean Cane wanted to let go of the lycan, especially when he realized the power that this cursed creature held could turn the tables. So if he had to choose, it would be rather he had the lycan than his enemy got a hold of the power of this creature. 
Haco pressed his lips into a thin line, as his brows creased deeply. He had thought about what he was going to say, but as it turned out, it was way more difficult than he imagined when he really had to do it. 
"Look." Haco took a deep breath and stared at the two people before his eyes. "You are so wrong, if you think there will be no side effects after the lycan was extracted from me. There are and it is lethal." 
Cane’s brows creased and Iris didn’t like the sound of it. They really couldn’t take a break, if anything, it felt like they were jumping from one trouble into another, without being able to fix the previous one or even discuss a solution for it. 
"Talk clearly, Haco, what do you mean by that?" Iris clenched her fists and observed the old man before her eyes. Aside from the extreme signs of fatigue, she found nothing life threatening about him. "Can’t you spill everything at once?" She was anxious and her patience was running thin, as her mind raced with all the worst possibilities, while Cane didn’t show much change in his expression. 
"I don’t have much time. I only have less than a year now, probably six months. I can feel my health deteriorating quickly. You must have learned about that from Grace and now you can ask the poor healer to stop her attempts to cure me, because there is nothing you can do to help me." 
Haco then told them about what the lycan had informed him about how he would end. 
The lycan had resided within him for so long, so his life force and his had molded together, therefore, when the lycan was extracted from him, the outcome was fatal for Haco, since the lycan was way stronger than him. 
"It will be more fatal for you, Alpha, because you have found a way to use the lycan’s power as well, the consequences of it will be more deadly for you." 
All that time, Haco didn’t really use the lycan’s power, since he didn’t know how to, but he got a year to live after the creature had been extracted from him, thus in Cane’s case, it could be less than that if he kept relying on the lycan’s power and used it constantly. 
"Didn’t you know about this when you gave the lycan to Cane?" Iris stared at Haco, she was not sure how to feel. While, it was fine for Cane to use the lycan’s power, as long as the creature resided within him, but there was someone out there, who could perform the magic, through which he could separate Cane from the lycan. The thought of it alone terrified Iris. 
Haco scoffed, he looked annoyed. "No. That lycan is very cunning and ungrateful. Of course, he knew I would never agree to let my lifespan shorten by giving the lycan away to Cane, so he didn’t mention it. I only thought; finally, I can get rid of such nuisance. How na?ve of me." 
Iris grimaced, she then stared at Cane when she caught sight of the dark wisp coming out of his palm. He had been practicing controlling it for the past few days, trying to understand how to control it, now he was in tune with the lycan within him. 
"Cane, don’t do that again!" Iris grabbed his hand in an attempt to stop him from practicing controlling the dark wisp again. "Don’t do it again." She panicked and with her touch, the dark wisp disappeared. She was the only one who could do that, even though he still tried, he wouldn’t be able to produce the dark wisp once Iris held onto him. 
"Iris, calm down," Cane said patiently, he cupped her face, as her eyes started tearing up. She looked so upset. 
Cane must have missed this part of information, where Lu told Haco about the side effects of his situation. 
"I don’t want to calm down, I want you to promise me not to practice using the dark wisp again!" Iris was a little bit emotional now. "Cane, promise me..." 
One year? Haco had less than one year and if the same thing happened to Cane, he would have an even shorter time, because he used power he was not supposed to have. 
Iris started to cry when she knew what the answer Cane would give her. "Cane, no..." she whimpered. He would continue with his plan to practice using the dark wisp that was the lycan’s power and explore more about the power Lu held. 
"Iris, you missed a point here," Cane said gently and patiently. "It will only happen if the lycan is extracted from me. Nothing will happen as long as the lycan stays within me." 
"There is this man out there, who can do that." Iris was adamant. 
"That’s all the more reason I need to use the lycan’s power, to protect myself. Do you think I will stand a chance in a direct battle with a dark sorcerer without the lycan’s power like what happened in the mountains?" 
Iris was dumbstruck, she panicked too much to think in that way. 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 522: RESTLESS NIGHT
Chapter 522: RESTLESS NIGHT
Iris’ mind was plagued with the thoughts of the possibility of Cane dying once the lycan left him. It scared her so much more than anything and she was unable to think clearly. 
’Do you think I will stand a chance in a direct battle with a dark sorcerer without the lycan’s power like what happened in the mountains?’ 
The answer was an immediate no. It was proven that Zeke and Cyan were Decratic’s worshippers and both of them were mind controllers. How was one supposed to fight someone who could mess up their mind? 
If Iris calmed down enough to think about the matter thoroughly, she would have realized what Cane said was true. The best chance they had to fight them was by using the lycan’s power and exploring more of what this cursed creature could do. 
But then, this decision was a double edged sword, since the world was not such a welcoming place for a cursed creature like Lu. 
Once people knew about it, all hell would break loose. It was still a wonder why Cyan didn’t start spreading any rumors about the relation between Cane and the lycan. Their best guess was that she didn’t want to expose herself even more as the dark witch, especially with the entourage of the Holy Kingdom on their way here. 
Adding that to the untimely death of the King during the onslaught, they didn’t have enough power to back them up, along with the shift of power started in the capital city with Koda demanding the throne for his great grandson. 
The rumors about Lady Cyan had started to spread, Cane helped as well with this, but with the fierce war that was happening, the impact was not as dramatic as he wanted it to be, as the public attention was divided. 
After all, it was just a rumor... 
"What if..." Iris trembled with the thought that Cane was so close to death when Zeke tried to get the lycan out of him. If he succeeded then... 
"Iris." Cane had to shake her body to stop her from sliding deep into those horrendous thoughts, which could scare herself even more. "It’s not that easy to extract the lycan from me, Iris. Zeke can do it, but it doesn’t mean he has the power to go through with it, as long as the lycan is not willing. I swear to you, the lycan will not leave me, even if I want to get rid of it." 
If that was an easy task, Zeke would have managed to accomplish it when they were in the mountains. 
Cane explained that patiently, something that Iris should have known. But her mind was in shambles as the information that Haco revealed to them left her utterly shaken. 
"As much as I hate it, it will be better if the lycan stays within me rather than letting our enemy have it." At this point, Cane had to make peace with the thought that the lycan would always be a part of him and the thought of getting rid of the lycan was not an option anymore. 
Iris bit her lip, she tried to reign in her emotions, as she lowered her head and pulled at her hair anxiously, while Cane wiped her tears from her cheeks. 
"You don’t need to worry, this is the least you should be worried about." 
"I don’t want you to be harmed." Iris mumbled, she kept staring at her curls, while anxiously pulling at her hair. 
"That will never happen." 
But, one couldn’t predict the future, just like how Cane couldn’t make all of his schemes work, because there were so many unpredictable variables that could change the outcome of a plan. 
"Excuse me for ruining this moment for both of you," Haco said, he had this deep concerned look on his face. "But, why do I feel like you can hear, Iris? You didn’t even raise your head and read his lips when you talked to him just now." 
Haco didn’t notice this before, because of how well Iris read someone’s lips, they didn’t pay close attention to it. 
"I can hear now," Iris said sullenly, she didn’t want to talk about it. It was not that she wanted to keep it a secret, she simply didn’t want to announce it. 
Until now, only a handful of people knew she could hear and Hanna was one of them. 
"Why have you never told me when we spent time together everyday?" Haco was dumbstruck, but Iris was not in the mood to talk about it, as she snuggled against Cane’s chest and he hugged her closely. She hid her face, feeling so upset. 
Meanwhile, Haco watched everything unfold before his eyes and fell deep in thought. 
"You two look more and more like mates nowadays." He knew the story of how Cane marked Iris, but right now, the sorcerer could bet the feelings were genuine between the two of them. 
Hell, the Alpha was even scarier nowadays with the appearance of Rei. He looked like he was going to tie Iris to him at the hip. 
If Iris was not with him, she would have a bunch of warriors following her around. 
============================== 
"Ethan!" Aliana looked for the warrior the moment she entered the pack house. She had been away, taking care of the orphanage during this time, as they were pretty busy after the attack. 
Ethan perked up at the sound of Aliana’s voice, he gave her his best smile, which made her frown, because she felt it was eerie. 
"Stop smiling like a fool!" Aliana immediately approached the Gamma, but even receiving that harsh scolding, he still kept smiling. 
"Did you miss me? You look so happy to see me," Ethan teased her, because of how eager she looked. 
"Really? I don’t think this is my happy face," Aliana grumbled and then slung her arm around his shoulders casually. "Now, we have time, tell me everything." 
Ethan frowned, not understanding what she meant. "Tell you what?" 
It was already night and Ethan was extremely exhausted after taking care of a lot of things. He was determined to fall on his bed and not move until the morning came, he didn’t even want to waste his time cleaning himself up. 
Bed. Bed. Bed. Sleep. That was his sole goal at this moment, but somehow, he still found the energy to talk with Aliana.
"Tell me everything about our luna, how she is with the Alpha. Why does the Alpha look so different? Tell me everything that you know." Aliana still had her arm around his shoulder, she was only a little bit shorter than Ethan, which meant she was pretty tall even for a female shifter. 
Ethan’s frown deepened, as he stared at Aliana. "Why do I feel like I have been in this situation before?" He was too tired to think what caused this familiar feeling, but he was pretty sure the same thing had happened in the past. 
Aliana clicked her tongue impatiently. "Don’t make that lame excuse, tell me now. I will not let you go until you talk." 
"Aliana, I don’t think I have the energy to talk. The food in the dining hall must have been long finished. I am so hungry I don’t have the strength to even lift my finger." Ethan suddenly sounded pitiful. 
"You know that you are being overly dramatic?" The corners of Aliana’s lips twitched when she heard that. "You can still walk and just now you have that stupid grin on your face." 
Ethan clutched his stomach, he shamelessly didn’t change his expression. "I don’t think my words will be coherent... unless you are going to make something for me to eat, so I will have a little bit of energy to talk, after all, this is a loooooooong story. Probably, we need to stay up all night for you to understand the change in the way our alpha treats his luna." 
Aliana really wanted to shake Ethan’s body, so he would spill all the beans. 
"But, if you don’t want to know all the important details, that is fine too, just know that you should treat the Luna respectfully, because the Alpha is so fond of her right now." 
"Yes, but what is the cause of it? I can see that, that’s why I am asking you." 
"This feels more like an interrogation rather than you asking me..." Ethan looked gloomy and Aliana couldn’t help but want to smack his head when she heard him grumbling like this. 
"Fine. Let’s go to the kitchen, let’s see, probably there is something left there." Aliana sighed in defeat. 
"Ah... I will feel so awful eating the leftovers, my stomach is a little bit troubled nowadays because I don’t eat regularly." 
"Who are you trying to fool?" Aliana grumbled, they were shifters, more so, there was no way for someone like them, who had eaten the worst thing ever that one could only imagine, to suddenly get sick because they didn’t eat regularly. 
However, Ethan didn’t budge. He clutched his head now. "I handle a lot of things..." 
"Fine! Fine! What do you want to eat?!" Aliana lost her temper, she knew what he was going to say and how it would turn out. 
"Meat, please!" Ethan said happily, his eyes lit up, as if there was a new life that was infused into his body and Aliana could only hold back her annoyance. 
============================== 
That night, Iris couldn’t sleep, she kept thrashing on the bed, her heart didn’t feel at ease after learning what Haco told them. 
She felt bad because the old sorcerer didn’t have much time with them, which also added to her uneasiness. 
"Sleep, Iris." Cane pulled her closer and kissed her nape. "You woke me up." 
"Oh, I am sorry..." 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 523: RESTLESS NIGHT (2)
Chapter 523: RESTLESS NIGHT (2)
"I am sorry I woke you up, I will stay still..." Iris felt bad that she disturbed his sleep, knowing how much rest Cane needed. 
With piles of work that he had to complete in order to get his pack back on its feet as soon as possible before they left for the Riverside pack and the Diandem pack and how he had to keep his ears open to the turmoil that happened in the capital city, his hands were already full. Not to mention Aderan caused trouble by taking away the Queen. Such matters would only bite Cane someday if anyone were to learn about this and needless to say, it would be another headache to be tackled down. 
For now, Cane sent people in search of Aderan and to drag him back before he could board a ship. With the war for the throne happening for weeks now, not many ships got approval to sail. It should give them enough time to find Aderan and the Queen. 
Iris knew about all of that and felt bad because she woke him up. 
"I am sorry..." Iris said again meekly, as she stayed still, but Cane was the one, who couldn’t stop moving, as he kissed her lips down to her neck. 
"I can’t fall back asleep," Cane said, as he slipped his hand under her dress and caressed her stomach, up to her ribcage, where he barely touched her breast. 
Iris’ breath turned heavy with his touch and she knew immediately what he was going to do, but before he would do anything further, Cane lifted his head and stared at her. 
"Is it okay if I touch you like this?" Cane asked, as he brushed his thumb against her nipple lightly. Iris blushed and nodded subtly, as she averted her gaze. The room was too bright to hide how her face turned crimson further. "How about this?" Cane cupped her breast and kneaded her soft skin with his palm. 
Iris gulped down with difficulty, she pressed her lips to prevent herself from moaning as she reacted to the way he teased her. 
But, because Iris didn’t answer his question, Cane stopped his movements. "Should I stop?" 
Iris immediately turned her head to look at him with disagreement in her eyes. She opened her mouth, but she couldn’t find the right words to say without sounding so eager. Yet, when Cane leaned over and captured her lips, she melted. 
"Tell me what you want, Iris. I don’t want to do something that you are not comfortable with," Cane said. He nibbled on her lip, savoring the taste of her sweetness as her warm breath tickled his face. 
"I- I am comfortable..." Iris stuttered against his lips. 
"Are you sure that it’s okay for me to touch you like this?" Cane pulled her nipple lightly and pinched it, which made Iris moan into his mouth. 
"Hm... okay..." she said bashfully. 
If this was Cane’s method to distract her mind from thinking of any impending danger, as there was someone out there, powerful enough to extricate the lycan from him, then he succeeded. 
Cane managed to make his mate forget about such awful things and focus on himself alone, his touches, his kisses. He did not want her to worry about what the future would hold for both of them, at least, at this moment. 
"Do you want me to continue?" Cane asked again, but this time, he sucked on her tongue, which made Iris speechless and she nodded as an answer. 
However, a second later, Cane pulled away and lifted his head slightly to stare at Iris’ red face. Even her neck had turned so red. She looked timid, beautiful and vulnerable, but he ignited a fire in her blue eyes, which danced brightly with desire. 
Cane had positioned himself between her legs, as he propped his body on one arm, so he wouldn’t crush her body with his weight, as his other hand kept twisting and pulling her perky nipple. 
"Don’t you feel tired?" Cane intentionally pressed his lower body to hers and made her feel how hard he was right now and this made her breathing start to hitch, as her eyes hooded with want. 
"I- I am not," she breathed out with difficulty, but when she saw what Cane was up to, she wrapped her legs around his hips, which made Cane’s eyes turn darker, his mischievousness disappeared. Iris had seen this and knew he would tease her to no end. 
It almost felt like Cane was trying to test his own limits and see how far he could control himself. Meanwhile, the fact he could exercise such great self control over something he was always dreadful for because of the lycan irked him to no end, though he needed to thank Lu for that. 
"Have you drunk the concoction from Grace?" 
"I always drink it," Iris replied softly, she wouldn’t skip a glass and always drank it dutifully, though she wouldn’t say it out loud. 
"Good," Cane said, as he pulled up her dress and lowered his head to nibble on her earlobe, the assault left Iris breathless, as she squirmed under him. He could smell how aroused she was right now and this was a blissful scent that Cane wouldn’t get tired of breathing in. "You smell so good, Iris..." he whispered in her ear, which made Iris close her eyes tightly. "...and wet." 
Cane used two fingers to get her ready, so she could adjust to him better than the last time. He moved his fingers, which created a sexy sound that echoed inside this room, while Iris moaned in delight, she felt her body burn with desire. 
And once again, Iris mimicked what he taught her, as she slipped her hand into his pants and caressed his member clumsily, which made Cane groan dangerously. 
Iris felt a strange satisfaction when she heard that. In the beginning, she thought she had hurt him because of what she was doing, but then, Cane explained that she did not. His explanation actually made Iris want to bury her face somewhere and make him stop talking, but then she understood that it was fine for her to do it. 
Iris enjoyed the sight of Cane’s lust filled eyes. Lust for her. 
Cane had stopped assaulting her earlobe, but then he stopped teasing her, as he pinned both of her arms above her head and lined himself with her entrance and in a single move, he already buried himself deep inside her, and Iris was shocked with his sudden movement. 
She screeched and closed her eyes, as tears fell on the pillow and this sobered Cane up until he realized he had hurt her. 
But, before Cane could do or say anything, Iris talked first. 
"It’s okay... It’s okay..." Iris opened her eyes again and watched how Cane’s expression was painted with regret. He felt dreadful, but then, his growing desire for her wouldn’t disappear. It was such a torture for him. 
"I am sorry..." 
Iris pulled his head down and kissed his lips. "It’s okay... you can move now..." she said against his lips. It was painful because she didn’t expect that, but it would be more painful if Cane pulled away and felt guilty. 
Because right now, once she had adjusted herself, the pain subsided and the pleasure came deliciously. She adjusted herself to him faster than the last time. 
And now, she wanted him more than ever. 
"It’s okay now...?" Cane was sweating, the tunic he was still wearing stuck to his skin. 
"Yes..." Iris replied. 
The night was long and their desire for each other engulfed them, as they forgot about all their worries and everything else. It was a sweet escape for Cane and Iris when the reality was too harsh and life had not been so kind to them. 
Only when the sun almost kissed the horizon was Cane finally done with her while Iris felt so spent, as she curled against his chest and fell asleep without any trouble... 
However, the first thing that Iris saw when she woke up was; Aliana’s frowning expression, which made her yelp. She almost screamed out of shock to find this woman here. 
Her hair was disheveled, but it seemed Cane had changed her dress and cleaned her up when she was still sleeping, even so, it still didn’t help get rid of the smell of sex from her, the smell also still lingered in this room. 
"Good afternoon," Aliana said. "How’s your sleep, Luna?" She asked again, but Iris felt there was a hidden meaning to it. 
"G- good..." Iris said, she pushed herself up into a sitting position and grimaced, she felt so sore. 
"I can see that," Aliana replied, as she winked at her and watched how her luna tried to avoid her eyes, as she looked around. "The Alpha is in the meeting with my brother and a few pack members, they are discussing the fortress. Oh, the merchant keeps looking for you." 
"Lou?" 
"Yes, is that his name?" Aliana looked nonchalant. "But, the Alpha told me to keep him away from you. I need to keep you safe, especially from him." 
"You?" Iris narrowed her eyes, her mind had not yet woken up fully, as she tried to comprehend why Aliana was here. "Did Cane ask you to come and accompany me?" 
"Didn’t the Alpha tell you?" 
"Tell me what?" Iris became even more confused. 
"This morning, the Alpha decided I will be one of your personal warriors, since there is something that those men couldn’t do with you." 
"What? Cane asked you to be my personal warrior?" Iris was flabbergasted, she would have eight warriors, including Aliana, following her around, in that case.
###Chapter 524: SHE IS HER OWN PERSON
Chapter 524: SHE IS HER OWN PERSON
"Cane! How can you do that?" Jace rushed to meet Cane once he learned what Cane had decided. "You know I will never agree to it. Why did you make this decision on your own without saying anything to me first?!" Jace was too furious, as he forgot his place for a moment there. 
Currently, they were in the fortress. Lou was explaining a few things to Cane about what he was going to do about the protection around the Howling Wolf pack. 
The merchant grinned to see how furious the Beta toward his alpha was. "It seems, I am not the only one who is dissatisfied with your decisions. You are a terrible decision maker." Lou didn’t hold back when he mocked Cane, though he was laughing harmlessly, as if what he said was just a friendly joke. 
He had been very upset because he couldn’t see Iris, not even a glimpse of her auburn hair, but the profit that Cane offered to him was too important for his greedy ass to stir trouble to this alpha beyond repair. 
Therefore, Lou could only satisfy himself by throwing a hidden insult and mockery at Cane here and there, which only left him even more furious because the Alpha never really seemed to care. 
The way Cane could be so nonchalant sometimes would always leave Lou dumbfounded. As a busy body, he couldn’t understand how this shifter could tune out the world from his mind. 
"Know your place, Beta," Cane said assertively. 
Only then did Jace realize he was in the presence of someone else and it was not appropriate for him to talk in that way with Cane. 
"My apologies, Alpha," Jace said, he lowered his head, but it didn’t make the tension leave him. 
"You can leave now, Lou. I will call you again if there is something important," Cane talked to the merchant. The way he spoke, it was almost as if this merchant was one of his employees and was not important enough to waste his time on... 
Though it was true in a sense, Lou couldn’t help it, as he became so mad. Thankfully, he was pretty good at hiding it and smiled like usual. 
"Sure, I am very busy after all to listen to your beta’s complaints. My time is precious." Lou turned around, but before he could leave them alone, Cand added. 
"Do your job well and you will get what you want sooner." Of course, what Cane meant was the merchant being introduced to someone from the other continent, so he could expand his business. "Stay away from the pack house."
Lou turned around and was about to shout at the Alpha, but Cane had already walked away with Jace, so no one could hear their conversation. 
"Damn you, Cane!" Lou cursed through his gritted teeth, he looked like he was going to explode, only Sabian go to him first. 
"Are you okay, master?" he asked carefully. "I want to let you know that Lil Thing is missing again." 
"I am not okay and I don’t care about that ungrateful creature!" Lou stormed away, he would be too frustrated every time he finished talking with Cane, but he couldn’t not choose to stick with him, especially after the whole continent learned that he was one of Cane’s people. 
Actually, Lou knew where that stupid rumor saying he was one of Cane’s people came from, which pictured him as someone with a lower status compared to him, but he couldn’t confront Cane without valid evidence, after all, how could you find evidence for a rumor? 
This alpha was very cunning through and through. 
On the other hand, Cane and Jace walked toward a different part of the fortress, where the guards and warriors just finished with their meals and left the spot to work again. They greeted the Alpha and the Beta respectfully before resigning themselves. 
"Cane, how can you put my sister in danger by appointing her as one of the Luna’s personal warriors? She has seven already and there will be a lot of warriors around her, she doesn’t need an extra hand. Couldn’t you see that she feels uncomfortable with the warriors she is not close to?" 
Jace could see how Iris was a little bit awkward with the other five warriors and most of her interaction would be with Eron and Dyne. 
"Luna Iris and Aliana only have met a handful of times, she will feel uncomfortable. More so, how can you assign my sister without telling me anything first?" Jace felt frustrated and anxious to think his sister would be in danger with this new assignment. 
Cane listened to his complaints without saying anything, he let his beta vent out his grievances and only when he was done, did Cane finally speak. "It’s your sister’s idea. She is adamant to become the Luna’s personal warrior." 
"What?! She is not even a warrior! Why did you agree with her?!" Jace exploded, but a single glance from Cane made him hold himself back. 
"Tone down, Jace. I am still your alpha. This is how you talk to me?" Cane asked grimly and this managed to make Jace keep himself in check. 
"My apologies again, Alpha. I am too agitated." Jace balled his fists and clenched his jaw. He looked so defeated and hopeless. Because he knew, if Aliana was the one who suggested it and Cane had agreed there was no amount of words or pleas would change the decision, both of them were pretty strong headed to say the least. "But, I really wish you could reconsider this decision." 
Cane stared at his beta, he looked so desperate. "Aliana gave me so many good points and benefits to let her be Iris’ personal warrior, unless you can give me a better reason not to, the decision is final." 
Jace opened his mouth to speak, but he shut it again, as his brain worked so hard to find a reason to make Cane stop going through with this plan, yet he failed to find any reasonable reason, thus he came up with whatever was in his mind. 
"She is not a warrior." 
"She is a good fighter and a smart one at that, you know that," Cane replied easily. 
"She is... a woman." Jace looked even more desperate, as he devalued his own little sister. "She is stubborn and listening to orders isn’t something she is good at." 
"A woman..." Cane repeated the words, which made Jace flinch, because he knew Cane disliked the way he talked, but he kept a strong fa?ade. "Aliana makes a good point of her being a female warrior among the other male warriors that always surround my mate. If you are going to emphasize that aspect, you are being resentful toward your sister and I don’t condone such behavior, Beta." 
Jace gritted his teeth, as he pushed forward, knowing he already made a mistake and not to think about what Cane said just now. 
"What reasons did she give you? Until it made you agree with her?" 
"Your sister said to talk with her if you asked this question." 
"She is my little sister, Cane. The only person that is related by blood to me. I promised to keep her out of harm’s way." 
"Yes, no one will deny that Aliana is your sister, but on top of that, she is her own person." 
Jace knew how true it was, but he was too far gone with his denial. "You would be like me if your twin siblings were still alive and they decided to put themselves in danger." 
Cane was silent for a while, it had been a long time since he talked about his siblings, it almost felt like they were in a different lifetime from where he was right now. "Yes. I will too try my best to put them away from harm if I still had them, but they will be as stubborn as me to choose how they want to spend their lives." 
Jace leaned his back against the wall of the fortress, as he stared at the bright sky, it was a perfect day for a picnic. He remembered how he used to go here with little Aliana and their parents before everything that went down with the Howling Wolf pack. 
Aliana was a bright and brilliant little girl. She was strong in both her mind and heart. 
The thought his dear little sister had to put her own life on the line for someone else, even though it was for the Luna, didn’t put Jace’s mind at ease at all. He didn’t want her to go out of the pack, knowing what kind of danger she could face out there. 
"I will talk to her, but if I manage to convince her to step down, will you grant it?" 
"Naturally." 
============================ 
"So, Hanna will be in charge of the orphanage?" Iris was surprised to hear what Aliana told her. 
"Yes, Hanna and Will," Aliana added. "It seems, Will had some kind of breakdown, which forced the Alpha to free him from his duty." 
"And you will come with me instead of Hanna?" 
"Yes! How exciting it will be, right? Are you excited, Luna?!" Aliana looked so radiant, as she smiled brightly at Iris. "Do you like me going with you?" 
"Yes, I like it," Iris replied, she felt her worry slightly fade away when she found Aliana didn’t hold any prejudice against her. She felt relaxed, after thinking she wouldn’t get along with her, but right now, it seemed, they could be good friends. "Hanna needs to rest and be with Will. He doesn’t look in a good state now." 
And with that, they talked about a few random things, until Aliana stopped and tilted her head. "You can come out now."
###Chapter 525: WHO ARE YOU?
Chapter 525: WHO ARE YOU?
"You can come out now," Aliana said in a light tone, as she stopped walking and tilted her head to her left side, staring at a certain spot behind a big tree. 
Both of them were on their way to the orphanage, because it had been a while since Iris met with Hanna. She also wanted to have a conversation with Haco, who spent most of his time there. It seemed he was fond of one of the children there, as he always spared his free time to play with the girl and teach her a few things. 
Iris stopped walking as well, she followed Aliana’s line of sight, while the other four warriors behind them frowned as well. Eron, Dyne and Kian were not with them, thus it was only the other four and Aliana, who came with Iris to the orphanage. 
"Who is it?" Iris asked in confusion because she didn’t see anyone there, while the other four didn’t seem to be bothered. 
"It’s okay, you can come out." Aliana used a coaxing tone. 
Only then, Iris could see the movement behind the bushes and someone came out from behind the tree. 
"Ania?" Iris immediately recognized the little girl. She looked a little bit taller than the last time she met with her and her rosy cheeks looked so cute. She was holding a white rabbit, hugging the animal with both of her arms. Its hindlegs dangled, while she walked toward Iris with a bright smile. 
The other warriors knew that Ania had been following them, but because they didn’t see her as a threat, they were not concerned at all. It just had never crossed their minds that Ania actually wanted to meet with Iris. 
"Luna Iris, you still remember me!" Ania said in a cheerful tone. 
"She has been following us since half an hour ago, I thought she was just walking in the same direction, until I remembered, she is supposed to be at home," Aliana explained, then she looked at Ania with a questioning look, which made the little girl purse her lips and lower her head. "Your father must be in a panic, looking all around for you now." 
"I was on my way home, but then, I saw Luna Iris. I want to greet her. Father didn’t allow me to greet her after she returned to the pack." Ania looked sad. "He said, Luna Iris must have forgotten about me, so I can’t bother her." 
Iris bent her body, so she would be on the same eye level with the little girl. She must be around six years old now. Iris was glad she was fine. 
"There is no way I will forget about you, you are the cutest girl I have ever met," Iris said with a chuckle, as she caressed her rosy cheeks and watched how her eyes lit up with excitement. 
"Really?!" Ania looked so happy when she heard that and then raised her rabbit. "Here, I want to show you this, Luna. This is the rabbit that we saw months ago before you left for the capital city. They are big already. I am taking care of them!" Ania said proudly. 
"Good job!" Iris ruffled her hair and then picked the rabbit from her, as she felt its fluffy fur. 
However, probably because she had been to the wild a few times and the warriors usually hunted rabbits for their meals, Iris weighed the rabbit in her arms and unconsciously thought, it could be shared by her and Hanna, while the warriors could finish it alone within five minutes, but then, she snapped out of that thought and felt guilty toward the cute rabbit. 
"The rabbit is so fat and healthy, right?" Ania asked innocently, without knowing what Iris was thinking. 
"Yeah... the rabbit is so fat..." Iris’ voice trailed off. 
"Ania, you need to go back, your father will raise hell if he can’t find you at home, especially at a time like this." Aliana reminded the little girl. 
"Okay," Ania felt dejected. "I only want to let the Luna see the rabbit. We watched it together when the rabbit gave birth to the bunnies. Gamma Ethan said he will come and see the rabbits, but he has been so busy." 
Ania was a little bit talkative than before. 
"Why don’t we go together to see the rabbits with Hanna?" Iris suggested and then looked at Reed. "Can you help me inform Stone that Ania is with us, so he will not worry?" 
"Yes, Luna," Reed replied and walked away to find Stone, but before that, he took another glance over his shoulder at Iris, his brows creased slightly to see how easily she interacted with the little girl. 
Otis and Asher looked at each other, while Zephyr was deep in thought, as they watched Iris take Ania’s hand and listen to her story about the rabbits and how she had named the animals. 
They had known Ania since she was a little baby and as far as they knew, Ania was a timid little girl, who wouldn’t talk much with someone that she was not familiar with and now to see Ania actually took such effort just to see Iris, they wondered if there was some story between the two that they didn’t know. 
It seemed, aside from when Iris saved the little girl’s life twice, they met a few times and it left a deep impression on Ania. 
What did this little girl see in Iris? 
"... and when it’s raining, I put a cover above their hole, so they wouldn’t get drenched!" Ania continued to tell Iris stories. 
"You are so kind and brave!" Iris said excitedly, she listened to her ramble and looked genuinely interested in whatever she said, though it was not anything important. 
"Luna Iris, you can hear now?" Ania asked. She blinked her eyes innocently. 
Hearing that, Aliana was about to reprimand the little girl, because it was not polite to talk that way with the Luna. 
However, Iris nodded. "Yes, I can." 
"Really?!" Ania and Aliana said the words at the same time, but with different reactions. While the little girl looked excited, the latter looked shocked. 
"I didn’t know that," Aliana said in a defeated tone. "How?" 
However, the people who were truly shocked the most were those three warriors behind them. They remembered they had been talking about their luna, right behind her when it was only the five of them, without Eron and Dyne, knowing the other two had accepted their alpha’s mate readily. 
Blood drained from their faces, as they wondered whether the Luna reported everything back to the Alpha. They tried so hard to think what they had said behind her back, literally. But, the more they remembered, the more terrified they felt.
On the other hand, Iris simply glanced at the three of them and they could feel shivers run down their spines, yet she did or said nothing, as she continued to chat with Ania and Aliana. 
=============================== 
The sun was almost set when Iris left to meet with Haco, after she visited Hanna. She looked a little bit cheerful, since Will didn’t push her away anymore, but the warrior would occasionally space out whenever Hanna was not nearby, as if his mind wandered somewhere far away and only Hanna’s presence could bring him back. 
Hanna and Will would be in charge of the orphanage once Aliana left with the entourage to the Silver River pack. 
Naturally, Hanna was shocked when she received the order, but after some explanation, she understood, though it was hard for her to be away from Iris, she was sure Aliana would be a better choice for this journey. 
While Hanna played with Ania and the other orphan children, Iris found Haco in one of the rooms in the main building. 
"Haco?" Iris opened the door, because she had been knocking for five minutes, but there was no answer from inside. Aliana told her that Haco was here. 
When the door was opened, she could see the reason why the sorcerer didn’t answer her, he was fast asleep. 
"All of you can stay outside," Iris said to the three warriors that came with her to find Haco, while Aliana had a few things to discuss with Hanna, since she would leave the responsibility of the orphanage to her. 
"But," Asher tried to argue, but Iris gave him a stern look. 
"Stay. I want to talk with Haco alone." 
"Yes, Luna," Asher replied, while the other two didn’t try to persuade her, seeing how assertive she could be. This was not the Luna that they had in their minds. She had such a strong presence and her voice didn’t falter. 
Iris closed the door behind her and walked toward Haco, who was sleeping in a sitting position. The old sorcerer would complain about suffering from back pain if he continued sleeping in this way. 
"Haco. Haco, wake up. You need to sleep on the bed if you are so tired," Iris said, she shook his shoulder, trying to wake him up. 
This room had four beds, but this sorcerer chose to doze off on the table. 
"Haco. You will have back pain if you keep sleeping like this." Iris started thinking about asking one of the warriors to carry Haco to bed when he grumbled and opened his eyes. "Haco, go to the bed and sleep." 
There were a lot of things Iris wanted to discuss with him, but seeing how tired and exhausted Haco was, she decided it could wait. 
"Who are you?" Haco asked, staring at Iris with a serious expression, but then he widened his eyes. "Ah! Iris! How can I forget!?"
###Chapter 526: PLEASE, TAKE CARE OF HER
Chapter 526: PLEASE, TAKE CARE OF HER
Iris was shocked when she realized Haco forgot her momentarily, though it was only for a few seconds, she knew that Haco was being honest and didn’t fake it. 
"How can you forget me, Haco..." Iris was dreadful, though the sorcerer simply waved his hand and played it off, as if it was not something important. 
"I am getting old, remember? I am no longer in my prime, it’s normal for me to forget a thing or two. Do not think too much about it," Haco said offhandedly. 
However, both of them knew it was the side effects of the lycan leaving him. 
"He has become more and more forgetful." 
Both of them turned their heads toward the source of the voice and Iris could see the little girl she had been seeing around Haco ever since the funeral. This girl was also the reason why the old sorcerer kept coming to the orphanage. 
Iris was not sure why Haco was so fond of this girl in the first place, but seeing how well he was actually being with her, she didn’t have any complaints. From what Iris learned, Celia was the little sister of one of the young warriors who died during the mission in the mountain. The reason why Haco took care of this girl must be something related to it. 
"Good evening, Luna," Celia greeted Iris politely, before she continued to spill the beans. "He also forgot about the concoction he made, he put in the wrong ingredients and healer Grace got so furious because of that." 
"The ingredients look almost the same," Haco retorted, scoffing. "More so, why are you snitching on me to her?" 
"So, the Luna will know that you are not capable of going on a long journey, you need to rest." Celia pursed her lips. 
"You are talking nonsense again. Have you read the book that I told you to read?" Haco changed the topic. 
"I just learned how to read, how can I read such a thick book with complicated words?" Celia complained. She had been learning how to read from Haco, but she didn’t really like it, the words gave her a headache. 
"Go outside and learn more," Haco pushed the little girl away after shoving another book into her arms. It was written in Andel language and this made Iris raise her brows, but she said nothing, because she knew Haco only wanted to get this girl to go out of the room, knowing Iris wanted to discuss something important, while Celia still couldn’t tell the difference between the two languages. 
"Huft! You are so mean," Celia grumbled, but she walked out of the room, hugging the book close to her chest. She smiled at Iris politely before she pursed her lips again when she averted her gaze toward the old sorcerer. 
"What is it? Do you want to talk about the lycan again?" Haco asked Iris, once it was only the two of them. This was not the hour where they used to meet to discuss the magic that she could wield and for Iris to learn more about the Holy Kingdom, the Serafim and the power she held, therefore, if she was here right now, there must be something to be talked about. 
"No. Yes..." 
Haco frowned. "What is it? Yes or no? What do you want to talk about?" He leaned his back against the backrest of the sofa, looking lazy and exhausted. 
"Probably what Celia said is right, you need to take some rest and do not need to be on this long journey," Iris said doubtfully. "I think I can ask Cane whether it is possible or not, for you not to go." 
Iris was worried about Haco and more so, she was still in denial that this old sorcerer was dying. Subconsciously, she still believed Grace could do something about his constantly declining health. The healer could find a way to cure him. 
However, after seeing how Haco’s memory was failing along with his body, she knew it was happening. He started to show how easily his health declined no matter what kind of concoction Grace made for him. 
Iris was mortified, as she felt like she caught a glimpse of something that could happen to Cane. This was what would happen to Cane if the lycan was separated from him. 
Her heart became even heavier again. 
On the other hand, Haco was silent for a while, before He spoke briefly. "No matter where I go, I am dying Iris. It will be better for me to knot all the loose ends as much as possible than playing a grandfather to these orphaned children. No offense to them, but I am still useful and needed on the journey to the Silver River pack. I have never been there before." He shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly, as if this was not a big deal to him. 
"Haco..." Iris took his hand and held it against her forehead, as she closed her eyes. "I don’t want you to die." 
Haco was surprised by what Iris was doing and he was about to answer this lightheartedly, so as not to make her worried, but then he decided against it, it would be so rude to take her concern lightly when she looked genuinely sad about his predicament. 
"Iris, people have to die eventually, it’s only a matter of time." Haco caressed her head. "I got the privilege to know my time is near so I can prepare myself and do whatever I want to do before my time comes to an end." 
"I don’t want you to die..." Iris repeated the same thing, she felt the sadness wash over her heart and her whole being. She liked this sorcerer and they had gotten closer, especially during their training together. She thought of Haco as a grandfather she never had. 
"I know..." Haco was silent for a while. "Iris, I promised a young warrior, who died during the mission in the Goffa mountain, to take care of his little sister." This was the reason why he took care of Celia and now Iris knew that. "But, I think I can’t take care of her for long, when I am gone, can you take care of her in my stead?" 
Iris bit her lip, as tears rolled down her cheeks. She nodded and her heart bled to have this conversation with Haco. 
Why did people that she had grown close to have to die so early? They left too soon. 
"Thank you..." Haco kissed her head. "I know you will be a good luna, Iris. A great queen as well, if everything went well and Cane’s plan sailed smoothly, I have no doubt about it. I wish I could see you sit on the throne one day..." 
Haco believed Cane could overcome all the diversities while Iris held the power that could help the Alpha, unfortunately, Haco’s time was not that long to witness all of that... 
After that, they talked about a few things and they avoided the topic of his impending death. Iris asked about the power that she held, whether it was possible or not to heal Joel’s legs, since she could see his wolf spirit. Would it have any effect on the human side if their wolf spirit was healed? 
If there was a possibility of that, how to do it? 
And in the end, they talked for more than three hours about this matter, until it was time for dinner and Haco looked so spent, thus Iris cut the conversation short. 
When she left the room after Haco went to sleep on the bed, saying he would take dinner later, Iris found Celia waiting for her in front of the door. 
"She has been waiting for you since she came out of the room, Luna," Zephyr informed Iris. "I have asked what she wanted to talk about with you, but she didn’t say anything." 
Iris nodded and then approached Celia. The little girl looked at Iris and then to their surprise, she rushed toward her and hugged her tightly, while crying. 
"Celia..." Iris caressed her back and her head, in an attempt to console her, but this little girl was inconsolable, as she kept crying. "It’s okay... it will be fine." It seemed Iris could understand why she was upset. 
Celia was still so young, but it didn’t mean she couldn’t sense something was wrong with Haco.
"He is going to die, right? He is going to die and leave me like my brother..." Celia said in a small voice, her voice trembled and was full of grievances, as she held Iris tightly. 
On the other hand, the seven warriors witnessed all of this, the other four just joined them after they were done with their respective assignments. 
"What is going on?" Kian was clueless, but Asher elbowed him to keep silent, as they tried their best to make their presence go unnoticed. 
They could see now how the Luna was so close to children and how she was well liked among the little ones. 
There was no resemblance of Gerald at all to her. If someone didn’t know about the relation between Iris and Gerald, they wouldn’t believe a monster like Gerald had a daughter like her, as they were polar opposites. 
Now they understood a little bit why some of them were so fond of her as their luna. 
Right at that time, Ania came with Hanna and Aliana, but when she saw that Celia was crying, the little girl started to tear up as well and hugged Iris. 
"Why are you crying... hik, hik," Ania cried, hugging Iris’ leg too.
###Chapter 527: CALM NIGHT
Chapter 527: CALM NIGHT
Celia didn’t know the details of Haco’s condition, but she was smart enough to be able to sense that something wrong was going on with him and the way he kept forgetting things terrified her. 
They became close only recently, since it was Haco, who was there with her when she lost her brother, the only family she had. 
Therefore, the thought of losing the old man dreaded Celia so much. She could feel it in her heart, especially when Haco was going to leave with the Alpha’s entourage to the Silver River pack soon. 
Meanwhile, Ania felt sad because she saw Celia crying. She used to play with her, thus seeing her tear up, she felt so bad. 
"It’s okay... everything is going to be okay..." Iris tried to calm down the two girls, who were clinging onto her. She picked Ania up after removing her hands around her leg and kissed Celia’s forehead. 
Iris put her arm around Celia’s shoulders and the latter rested her head on her shoulder. They walked toward the garden, while the rest of Iris’ little entourage followed the trio in silence. 
"Luna, can you do something for Haco? I don’t want him to leave like my brother..." Celia whimpered. 
"Where will he go?" Ania asked innocently, tears still streamed down her face. "Your brother is dead, will the funny man die too?" 
Ania liked Haco, she met him a few times and the old sorcerer always showed her his magic. 
On the other hand, Iris couldn’t make Haco stay because the sorcerer insisted on leaving with them. As cruel as it might sound, Haco was right, there were a lot of things he had to do before he was gone. 
"I was told that when someone dies, a baby will be born and their soul will go to that new life. So did my mother and my baby brother. They are babies now. Now, your brother is also a baby." Ania wiped her tears. "Haco also will be born as a baby if he dies." 
Imagine Haco becoming a baby, he would be a grumpy one... 
Iris was not sure whether she should laugh or cry hearing Ania’s rambling. She was curious who had told this little girl such a story, but probably, such beliefs helped her to go through the grief of losing her mother and her baby brother all of a sudden. 
After all, people cope up in different ways that work for them, even the little ones like Ania. 
"Really? I have never heard of that..." Celia lifted her head to look at Ania, who was still sitting on Iris’ hip. 
"Yes!" Ania’s eyes lit up and she came up with more stories, which fascinated Iris as well. For someone so young, she was a good storyteller. 
But then, they heard someone approach them and a shocked voice called the little girl’s name. 
"Ania! What are you doing? Get down!" Stone was shocked when he saw his daughter being carried by the Luna. 
Ania was startled and immediately climbed down from Iris’ lap, as she approached her father with her short legs. She got scolded for being impolite to the Luna. 
"Don’t get angry with her, I am the one who carried her. If you want to get angry, it should be at me." Iris frowned. She disliked when Stone talked to his daughter sternly for something that she couldn’t be held responsible for. 
"I will not dare," Stone said in a small voice, he averted his gaze from Iris. It seemed he still remembered the way he treated her in the beginning of their encounters with each other, but then the more he saw Iris right now, the more he felt guilty for his treatment. She was nothing but kind, not to mention, she had saved Ania’s life twice. 
"Don’t scold her, Stone. I like her company. I wish she can visit me often," Iris said, as she ruffled Ania’s hair, which gave Stone a mixed feeling. 
"Yes, Luna," Stone complied, he still didn’t dare to look Iris in the eyes, while he carried Ania in his arms. "It’s already late, I will take my leave." 
Iris nodded. 
"Bye, Luna Iris!" Ania waved her hand, as she hugged her father’s neck. 
Iris waved to her as well. "Come and tell me more stories, okay?" 
The little girl beamed when she heard that. "Yes!" 
Once Stone left with Ania, Hanna approached Celia. "Come, it’s almost your bedtime." She stretched out her hand to take Celia away from Iris. 
Seemingly just realizing what she was doing was quite improper, Celia immediately let go of Iris. "I am sorry," she muttered in a small voice. 
"I will ask the Alpha whether or not it is possible for you to come with us, so you can accompany Haco, but I can’t promise you anything about this. Do you want to go?" Iris thought it would be a good thing if there was someone that was close to Haco all the time, since the old man started to forget things. 
So, there would be someone there to warn them if something bad happened to the old sorcerer. 
Celia wiped her tears as her eyes lit up. "Really? I love to go!"
"But, I can not promise about this." Iris emphasized this fact, because if Cane disagreed after she tried to persuade him, there was nothing she could do. "Don’t get your hopes high yet." 
Celia nodded vigorously. "Yes. Okay!" 
Hanna suddenly hugged Iris and kissed her cheek. "You changed so much, Miss. But, it’s a good thing. I am so proud of you." 
Hearing that from Hanna, Iris’ heart swelled with happiness. She felt like she was so greedy to hear such words from the people around her. It would feel so good when someone noticed you and acknowledged your efforts, telling you that you were on the right path and how proud they were of you. 
"Thank you," Iris said with a sweet smile on her lips and kissed Hanna’s cheek as well. 
Meanwhile, watching everything unfold, the seven warriors were deep in their own thoughts, especially the five of them, who were so doubtful of Iris’ character in the beginning. 
Meanwhile, Aliana stared at Iris’ back and touched her chin. She remembered what Ethan had told her and didn’t believe it in the beginning, but right now, she could see why the Gamma perceived this luna in such a positive light. 
Iris still looked so timid and seemingly too kind for this chaotic world, but there was strength in her kindness. Her presence alone could make the people around her feel calm and lower their guards down. 
"There you are!" Ethan exclaimed when he saw the people that he had been looking for. "I am here to ask for the payback!" He strode toward Iris and the rest, while Hanna had left with Celia. "Let’s go grab some drinks!" 
"Can’t you see we are on duty?" Eron retorted, as he frowned at the Gamma. They had already used this excuse countless times now. They still felt the bet was unfair. 
"Why not?" Ethan directed his gaze toward Iris. "You will come with us, right? They agreed to pay." 
Aliana looked mischievous when she learned what was going on here, she giggled. "Do you want to have some drinks with them?" 
"I think I need to tell Cane first if I want to go with you..." Iris wanted to go, but she was not sure if Cane would approve if she went too far from the pack house. 
"We will have to take a detour if we have to go to the pack house first. I will ask someone to inform the Alpha, okay?" Aliana grinned at Iris. "You have never been to that part of the pack before, right? As a luna, you need to know more about your territory, don’t you think so?" 
Ethan was speechless hearing how smoothly Aliana talked with Iris. They only met not so long ago, but it felt like they had been friends for quite some time, which was a good thing if Iris was comfortable enough in Aliana’s presence. 
"I don’t think it’s a good idea," Zephyr chimed in. 
"Oh, don’t ruin the mood!" Ethan growled at him, as he coaxed Iris as well. "You will come with us, nothing will happen. After such a depressing turn of events, we need to cheer up a little bit, don’t you think so?" 
After some contemplation. Iris finally agreed. "Okay." She had been looking forward to spending time with them and trying new things, therefore, without Aliana and Ethan’s persuasion, she had been tempted enough to go. 
"Great!" Ethan and Aliana clapped their hands, as they talked joyfully about all the drinks Iris should try. 
However, the seven warriors grimaced. "Do you think this will end well?" Dyne asked, as they followed the three of them. 
"I don’t think so," Kian replied. "I don’t want to receive the wrath of the Alpha again..." 
"Talking about the Alpha’s wrath... do you know that Luna Iris could hear?" Asher asked, he was still shocked by the revelation. 
It was only Eron and Dyne, who told them they too knew about that not so long ago. 
"Why didn’t you tell us?!" The five of them almost talked simultaneously. 
"I thought you already knew about that, since you can see how she interacted with other people without reading their lips," Eron retorted. 
"How would we notice that...?" Otis grumbled. 
"Don’t tell me you are badmouthing her behind her back." Dyne seemed to know their habits. "Serve you right if the Alpha heard about that." 
Meanwhile, as Eron and Dyne scolded the five warriors, a certain white fur-ball was busy roaming around the pack.
###Chapter 528: STORMY NIGHT
Chapter 528: STORMY NIGHT
"What did you say?" Cane’s voice turned very dark the moment what Dean reported to him registered in his mind. 
He was worried because he couldn’t find Iris in their bedroom or in the study room, usually she would be there at this hour and stop roaming around outside the pack house. 
However, when Cane was about to look for her and send people to find her whereabouts, Dean came to inform him that the Luna was in district eleven, a place close to the fortress, where the warriors who guarded the fortress used to gather. There were a lot of taverns there. 
"The Luna, Aliana and the seven warriors, also Gamma Ethan were heading there," Dean reported, he flinched to feel the hostility that came from the Alpha, he prayed for the safety of these warriors for taking their luna there. 
Without a second thought, Cane shifted into his black beast and stormed toward district eleven. God forbid what he was going to do to those people. 
Meanwhile, Aliana helped Iris to try some alcohol. "Try this, this is the best seller here," she said happily, as she introduced the signature alcoholic drink that was produced by their pack to the Luna. "Can you hold your drink?" 
"Of course, she can," Ethan chimed in. "From what I heard, the Alpha has been teaching her how to drink." 
Iris frowned. "No. He has not." She didn’t know from where Ethan heard that twisted information. 
"But, I heard you got drunk when you were in the Riverside pack," Ethan said, he must be talking about the welcoming party that Alpha Gill threw for them when they were there. 
Iris blushed when she remembered that certain memory, because what happened next was so out of character for her. 
"How is the taste?" Aliana asked her. "Try this one too. This is tea, but the leaves had been infused with alcohol, so even though it tastes almost like mint tea, if you drink too much, you can get drunk too." She explained and Iris learned a few things more about the Howling Wolf pack. 
Aside from magic stone mines, actually Howling Wolf pack had another source of income from this alcoholic tea, though it couldn’t compare to the revenue made from selling the magic stones, a decade ago, it added a significant number to the pack’s finances. 
Aliana explained all of that to Iris, so she would be aware of their pack revenue. 
"It’s only our pack that produces this kind of tea in this continent, but it’s hard to do business with our situation and the current war that is happening in the capital city." Aliana watched as Iris fell deep in thought and smiled secretly. "If there is a merchant who can distribute this and introduce this tea again, it will be great." 
The first person that came to Iris’ mind when she heard the word merchant was Lou, but after that, Aliana dropped the conversation about the tea and talked about some pastries. 
"In the dining hall, you would usually be served high quality cakes and food, but actually, there are a lot of cheap foods that the commoners enjoy, yet because this kind of food can’t be served to the people with high status, we can only find it here, in these kinds of places. Try it, luna. We call this Spicy Moon." Aliana gave a red cake to her, it was in the shape of a half moon and it had a mixture of spicy and sweet taste. "Do you like it?" 
Aliana laughed when she saw Iris grimace. 
"Too spicy for me," Iris said. "But, if the spiciness can be toned down, I think it’ll be a nice cake." 
Aliana’s eyes lit up. "I will ask for them to tone the spiciness down." She immediately stood up, but before that, she poured another drink for her. "Come, drink this, this is Ale, guards and warriors usually drink this because it’s cheap." 
After that, Aliana went to talk to someone to make another Spicy Moon for Iris. 
"I know what you’re up to," Ethan said, as he stood up beside Aliana. He tilted his head and stared at the woman with a curious look. 
"Oh, please. You are thinking too much." Aliana rolled her eyes. "I only want the Luna to know more about the pack that she leads, since the Alpha will not explain such things to her. I don’t want someone clueless and ignorant as the Luna of the pack. At the very least, she has to know our revenue." 
"I asked her to come here to let loose a little bit, but you managed to take advantage of the situation." 
Aliana grinned. "She loves to learn new things and I can see she is quite curious about her surroundings." 
"How do you know that? You only met her a handful of times." 
Aliana shrugged her shoulders nonchalantly. "If you take care of children, you will have this instinct about their personalities. Children are very blunt with their emotions and in a way, Luna Iris is the same. She is not like our alpha, who is full of schemes. You can see how her eyes lit up upon seeing something that she likes, or how they dim when she sees something she doesn’t like." 
Ethan grinned, he loved to hear how Aliana saw the world and things around her. He could be a good listener too when he found something, or someone he liked to listen to. 
Meanwhile, following Aliana’s lead, Dyne and Eron poured more and more Ale into Iris’ glass. 
"How do you think it tastes, Luna?" Eron asked with a grin when he saw Iris giggling, while drinking her third glass. 
"It tastes nice, I like it," Iris replied, she loosened up a little bit and talked more to them. "I want more." 
"I didn’t think you would like this cheap alcohol," Dyne said. He was about to pour more Ale into her glass, but Zephyr stopped him. 
"That’s enough, she is drunk," he warned Dyne. 
"But, isn’t that the purpose of coming here?" Kian chimed in. He stared at his happy luna and found himself smiling as well. Her laugh and smile were contagious, and she did a lot with the alcohol in her system. She looked less gloomy with everything that happened recently. 
"The Alpha will have your head if you make her drunk to oblivion." Zephyr glared at Kian sternly. "Moreover, whether she is the Luna or not, it’s not appropriate to let a woman get drunk like this." 
Hearing that, they immediately put away the alcohol from Iris, which made the Luna frown. "I want more..." Iris whimpered, staring at the bottle in Zephyr’s possession. 
"Call Aliana, we will take her back to the pack house," Zephyr said. "This is too much for her, the Alpha will kill us if he knew about it." 
But then, all of them stiffened when they felt a murderous aura from behind them as their alpha’s scent hit them hard. 
"How do you plan to hide my drunk mate, warrior?" Cane asked, his eyes ablaze with anger, as he approached them. 
Out of instinct, the seven warriors immediately stood up and cleared the way, so the Alpha could walk closer to his mate, but the more Cane saw Iris’ current state right now, the more livid he became. 
"Who brought my mate here?" Cane asked, he didn’t raise his voice, but it was enough to say, he was ready to kill all of them. They really had pushed all the wrong buttons. 
The Alpha sat next to his mate and watched how her face had turned bright red, as she giggled like a child. 
All the visitors in this tavern turned their heads to see the Alpha come here. It was shocking enough for the Luna to be here, not to mention the Alpha as well, especially to see how enraged he was. The tavern became so quiet like a graveyard. 
"It’s..." Otis was about to point his finger at Aliana and Ethan, but the two culprits were long gone. They disappeared when they saw how angry the Alpha was, knowing the two of them would get into big trouble if Cane found them right now. 
"Cane!" Iris exclaimed when she saw her favorite person, she raised both of her arms high, hugged his neck and kissed his cheek. "You are here! Come! Drink this! They gave me so many drinks!" 
The seven warriors suddenly had a heart attack when they heard what the Luna said, it was almost like their death was approaching them so fast. 
"So many drinks?" Cane repeated the words murderously. "And why do you think it’s fine for you to drink too much?" 
"Because it tastes good and it’s not polite to refuse when they pour me more and more drinks..." Iris slurred, but she frowned when she sensed Cane didn’t have the same happy reaction as her. "You are angry." 
"I am." Cane didn’t even lie. "I am mad, Iris." 
However, what Iris did next made all of them gasp as they held their breaths. Their luna actually climbed onto Cane’s lap and straddled him. She put both her palms on the sides of Cane’s face. "Don’t be mad. I don’t like it when you are mad." She then proceeded to give Cane a sloppy kiss on his nose, knowing he liked to kiss the tip of her nose. 
Meanwhile, the seven warriors there prayed that whatever their luna did would soften their alpha’s edge, unfortunately it didn’t work. 
"We are going back to the pack house," Cane said coldly. "All of you come with me."
###Chapter 529: DIFFICULT MORNING
Chapter 529: DIFFICULT MORNING
"Why are you running away?" Aliana panted heavily, once they were out of the tavern. 
"You are the one who started running first," Ethan retorted. 
It was not clear who had suggested running away first the moment they saw their enraged Alpha. They were mortified to see the killing intent in Cane’s eyes, knowing they were at fault for taking Iris to the tavern. 
"Do you think Cane will kill us?" Ethan grimaced. He really didn’t want to deal with Cane right now. 
"There is a high possibility he will do that." 
"You sound so optimistic with your answer..." 
It was already late at night, but this area had never been quiet, since all the warriors used to wind up here after their shifts were over. 
"What are our chances?" Ethan contemplated. They couldn’t avoid their alpha forever. 
"We need to get to the Luna first and let her talk with the Alpha. If everything that you said is true, the Alpha will listen to her, right." 
"Ah! Great idea!" Ethan agreed immediately. Their best chance to survive was to get the Luna on their side. 
"What great idea?" 
Ethan and Aliana screeched when they heard this voice from behind them. They were deep in their thoughts so they didn’t realize Jace was there. Not only Jace, but Lou was also with him. 
"Jace! You startled me!" Aliana complained, she clutched her chest, as her heart started beating wildly. "What are you doing here?" 
"I am looking for you, people say you are here with the Luna and the others." Jace glared at Ethan who immediately stood behind Aliana. The Beta was still angry with him because he took his sister out to fight and exposed her to danger when the attack happened. 
"Which tavern Iris is in right now?" 
Aliana tilted her head and the corners of her lips twitched to see how eager this merchant was to court her luna openly. "You are too late, the Alpha must have taken her back to the pack house already." 
Lou said something in Andel language, though they didn’t know what it meant, they were sure it was a curse or bad word. 
"Aliana, we need to talk," Jace said sternly, disregarding her conversation with the merchant. 
This time, Aliana shifted her attention to her brother and sighed. She could avoid the Alpha, but it seemed, she couldn’t run away from her brother. 
"Okay." Aliana nodded. After all, they would have this conversation sooner than later, it would be good to get done with it as soon as possible, so Jace would stop worrying about her. "Let’s talk." 
============================ 
"We were young and the only thing we listened to was the sound of our hearts racing!"* 
Iris quoted a poem that she read not so long ago, as she watched Cane attentively change her dress because she was too stubborn about not getting changed. 
She wanted to sleep in a beautiful dress, so her dreams would be beautiful too, at least, that was what she said. 
Currently, they were inside their bedroom and it took quite an effort for Cane to drag Iris back to the pack house, as she didn’t want to get into the carriage and wanted Cane to carry her on his back. 
Therefore, on their way back to the pack house, countless jaws dropped to see the Alpha giving the Luna a piggyback ride, while she confessed her love for him. She became so blunt and bold when she was drunk and Cane knew that. 
Fortunately, Iris simply whispered to him and did not make the confession for public consumption. 
"Can you feel how my heart is racing?" Iris took Cane’s hand and put it over her chest, while she was half naked before him. "Can you feel that? My heart is beating so fast whenever you are near me. Do you feel the same?" 
Cane sighed, he wanted to stay angry with her for being so reckless, but then seeing her so free and how she tried to bond with the other warriors left Cane with a mixture of emotions. 
"I do, Iris. I do. But, I am so upset with you right now." Cane pulled his hand away and helped her to get into her night dress. 
"Why?" Iris frowned. She pushed Cane to the bed and straddled him, as her face was so close to his. "Why?" She leaned over even more and bit his shoulder. 
Cane noticed that his mate loved to bite whenever she got drunk. Easily, he flipped her body and now he was hovering above her, holding down both of her arms beside her body, yet Iris started to grind herself against him, which made Cane growl dangerously. 
At this point, Cane was speechless. "Tomorrow, you better remember what you are doing now, Iris." 
Hearing that, Iris chuckled and kept doing it... 
On the other hand, the seven warriors were waiting outside the door, their expressions so gloomy, as they waited for their final verdict. 
"What do you think they are doing inside?" Otis asked no one in particular. "What do you think the punishment from the Alpha will be?" 
"I don’t know. If we can keep our heads intact to see the sun tomorrow, I think it’s already great enough," Asher replied dramatically. 
"I told you it is not a great idea to make the Luna come with us to drink," Zephyr said in a grim tone. 
"I didn’t say anything!" Eron and Dyne raised both of their hands. 
"It’s Aliana and Ethan, who asked her to join us," Kian reminded them. 
"Where are they now?" Reed asked. "It should be the two of them who got scolded by the Alpha, not us." 
They agreed with what Reed said, but because the culprits were not there, there was not much they could do. 
"I really want to smack the two of them for putting us in this situation," Otis grumbled. 
"You can’t smack a woman, more so, Beta Jace will skin you alive, if you hurt his little sister," Eron reminded him. 
"You can’t hit Ethan, either. No matter what, he is still the Gamma. He holds a higher rank than you," Dyne chimed in. 
In the end, they could only keep their grievances to themselves, while waiting for the punishment. 
=========================== 
Early in the morning, Iris woke up with a headache, she felt like her head was going to split into two and she whimpered softly against her pillow when the bright sunlight hurt her eyes. 
"Awake?" 
Iris heard the shuffle and felt the weight on the bed shift close to her. Cane was sitting on the edge of the bed with a glass of water. He helped her to sit down. 
Iris was so grateful when the cold liquid graced her dry throat and she felt a little bit better because Cane’s body blocked the sunlight. 
"How was last night? Did you enjoy it?" Cane asked calmly. There was no trace of hostility in his words, but Iris knew him better now to tell the question was not as innocent as it sounded. 
Iris choked when she tried to gulp down the water, as she remembered what happened last night. 
"Be careful," Cane said gently, while patting her shoulder, but this only made Iris feel even worse. She felt more uneasy with this calm Cane. 
"I..." Iris tried to speak. 
"Don’t remember?" Cane finished the line for her. 
"I am sorry," Iris said in a small voice. Her voice was filled with regret. 
However, Cane shook his head. He didn’t want to hear an apology, he wanted her to understand the situation better. 
"I don’t want you to be sorry because you were having a fun time with the other people and tried to bond with them." That was right. Iris wanted to bond with them, though she said to herself that she wanted to give up after the members of the Howling Wolf pack still couldn’t accept her, as it turned out, deep down, she was still trying. "I don’t mind that at all. You are safe with them. At the very least, I chose them to be your personal warriors for a reason." 
They might be resentful toward Iris at the beginning, but Cane knew them better that they wouldn’t neglect his direct order because of that. More so, he wanted them to know more about her to change their point of views. 
"But?" Iris asked carefully. If he didn’t mind it at all there must be a greater problem there, which she didn’t see and she was right... she failed to realize it. 
Cane looked like he was having a hard time talking about this, as he was not usually like this. 
"The alcohol will ruin any potential success of the concoction that Grace gave to us." Cane took both of Iris’ hands and looked at Iris deeply. "We are trying, aren’t we?" 
Cane’s words hit Iris so hard, as the realization finally dawned on her. 
They were trying, Iris knew they were trying for a baby and it was stupid of her to even try the alcohol in the first place, let alone to let herself loose and get so drunk. 
"I am so sorry... I’m really sorry... I didn’t think about that..." Iris felt so horrible, as tears started to roll down her cheeks. "I really didn’t mean it that way... I only..." 
"Ssh..." Cane pecked her lips to stop her from rambling and stared into her eyes deeply, as he wiped her tears. "I don’t want to make you feel bad. I only want to know if we are on the same page regarding this matter."
###Chapter 530: A GLOOMY DAY
Chapter 530: A GLOOMY DAY
It was Cane’s fault for not making things clear for her. Yes, they could have safe sex now that Cane could control himself better and Iris could keep up with him, but they had never really talked about having a baby. 
Cane just assumed that Iris already knew the purpose of the concoction from Grace, but right now, he started to question it. 
However, on the other hand, it was not Iris not realizing the ultimate goal for all the tonics she and Cane had been drinking regularly, but it simply didn’t cross her mind last night when she drank the alcohol. 
She didn’t think about it at all. The only thing in her mind was; how to bond with the five warriors and knew more about the Howling Wolf pack. Deep down, she still had not yet completely given up. 
If she couldn’t be closer to the other pack members, at the very least, she wanted to be welcomed by her own personal warriors, especially after she knew what they were thinking about her when they talked behind her back, assuming she couldn’t hear them. 
"I am truly sorry, Cane. It didn’t cross my mind. I swear!" Iris said frantically. She felt so bad. 
"Iris, calm down. I am not angry with you." Cane kissed her cheeks and hugged her to show his mate that he was not angry, but he couldn’t hide his disappointment because of how reckless she was. 
Maybe it didn’t cross her mind because she had never thought about it at all in the first place. 
That was the first thought that came to Cane’s mind when Iris said that. Cane felt bad for having to question where Iris put her heart and assuming the wrong thing. 
"I can understand if you want to wait, just tell me how long it will be..." Cane said gently, as he patted her back. "We can stop drinking Grace concoctions until you are ready." 
Not to mention the concoctions were made of the water magic stones. It would simply be a waste of resources if they kept drinking it when Iris was not on board in this matter. More so, the water magic stones were not something that you could find every day. 
Hearing that, Iris shook her head vigorously. "No, I want it. I really want it," she said between her sobs. "I am sorry, I was being reckless, I am so stupid..." 
"No." Cane released her body and looked at her sternly. "Don’t say anything like that." He was serious with his words and this made Iris stop apologizing. 
"I didn’t mean it in that way, Cane... I want it. Please, believe me..." There, Iris felt so dreadful again that Cane didn’t believe her, she was so afraid that he would call her a liar. It would break her heart if she heard that, as unpleasant memories came flooding her mind whenever she was called a liar. 
However, Cane wouldn’t say something like that. He didn’t know the exact reason, but Iris always felt uneasy whenever she thought someone didn’t believe her words, and she would have a strong reaction to that. 
"Okay, it’s okay. You are only being reckless." Cane wiped her tears. "Let’s talk about this again when you are calm enough, okay?" 
In the past, Cane would drop the matter and leave it at that as soon as he learned Iris regretted what she had done and she wanted the same thing as him.
But, over time, he learned, there were a few things they needed to talk to a certain depth, somethings they must not only touch on the surface level. 
And this matter was one of those things. 
Iris used to speak out what was in her mind and heart, what she wanted from him and this relationship. 
It was also Iris as well, who opened up about her feelings the first time and what she expected from whatever was going on between the two of them. It made things easier to navigate, which direction they wanted it to be. 
Meanwhile, Cane rarely talked about his own feelings and needs, but he soon learned that Iris couldn’t magically read his mind. If he didn’t tell her exactly what he wanted and what he wished for, how could he hope for her to understand? 
He had come across so many situations, where he didn’t explain himself better and it hurt her even more. He paid close attention to that fact and he tried to better himself in communicating his feelings and what he thought, despite it was not his nature to do so while what he had gone through had hardened his heart. 
But, Iris was an exception. She would always be an exception... 
============================ 
"Here you are," Aliana grumbled, once she found Ethan. He was sitting near the river, close to the area where the fallen warriors had been buried. 
Ever since the burial, Ethan had been spending his free time here. He became very quiet and aloof to his surroundings. 
Not many people knew about this, but behind his cheerful self and easy going side, the Gamma had this contradictory side. 
No matter how normal everyone in the pack acted, their trauma would always linger around them like the air they breathed and the death of those young warriors cut deep into Ethan’s heart. It was him who asked them to come with him, after all. 
"Waiting for a mermaid to appear from the river?" Aliana asked, as she sat down next to him, while Ethan glanced at her, but his expression didn’t change at all. 
He allowed himself to be real with Aliana, if this was someone else, he would have settled to throw a random joke at them. 
"I am waiting for those young warrior spirits to come and curse at me," Ethan replied, it sounded sarcastic, but that was the truth. That was what he thought at this moment. 
"For what? Because you got them killed?" Aliana asked, but Ethan didn’t answer that, which meant what she said was highly likely to be true. "In that case, I should be cursed as well. We split them between us, remember? I led half of them to their deaths." 
Ethan didn’t answer that. His regret ran so deep and every time he saw Joel struggling and how life left his eyes on the day the realization finally dawned on him that he couldn’t use his legs anymore, it started to kill him bit by bit. 
"I was the one who found them and gathered them to help." 
"On my request," Ethan reminded her that it was his suggestion to gather those young warriors. 
Aliana opened her mouth and wanted to retort, but she knew there would be no end to this if they tried to compete on who was most at fault. 
"Ethan..." Aliana started. "We are so familiar with death, albeit we will never get used to it, but their death is not your fault. You are putting the blame on the wrong person and wasting your energy on it. I am sure, deep down, they were well aware there was a high chance they wouldn’t make it back alive, but they still came with us to accomplish their mission." 
"But then what? We actually didn’t help with anything," Ethan said bitterly, from what he learned, they didn’t help with anything, there was nothing significant that they accomplished, but then there were so many young souls that met their demise. 
"They fought the enemies, we fought the enemies. If we didn’t kill the traitors from the Blue Moon pack, there was a high possibility they would go after the Luna. What do you think will happen if they found the Luna with only four warriors by her side? If we didn’t come to help, that dark witch would have sent them to search for the Luna, anything could have happened... 
"And if we didn’t bring them along, do you think those young warriors wouldn’t have involved themselves in the real battle that happened in the pack? They wanted to protect their pack and the people they loved, could you guarantee none of them wouldn’t have died under a different person’s command?" 
Aliana saw Ethan lowering his head as he hugged his legs and rested his chin on his knees, but he didn’t say anything, despite that, she knew he was listening. 
"Don’t blame yourself for something you can’t control, you are blaming the wrong person, Ethan. If you want to hate, hate those people who have instigated the attack, because at the end of the day, we only tried to survive and protect people we love with everything we can." 
Ethan hunched his back and rested his forehead on his knees, but Aliana could hear his soft whimpers, as he cried. 
He had been acting tough and helping them to go through their grief upon losing their loved ones, until people didn’t notice that he was grieving as well for losing those young warriors that he thought of as his brothers. 
It was him, who had taught them how to survive and it was also him, who had led them to their demise. 
They were still grieving... all of them... 
=============================== 
Iris ate her meal quietly, but she felt a pang in her heart when she saw Cane didn’t drink his tonic. He put it aside subtly. 
"Why don’t you drink it?" Cane asked when he saw Iris didn’t drink her tonic either. He had asked for their lunch to be brought to their bedroom, so they would have time to talk about their issues. 
"You didn’t drink yours," Iris replied, she bit her lips and held back the urge to cry again. 
"Iris, yours is to nurse your health. You are not the one who has problems with fertility," Cane said gently. 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 531: MISUNDERSTANDING AND CLARITY
Chapter 531: MISUNDERSTANDING AND CLARITY
While the tonic prepared for Cane was to help him with his fertility issue, the tonic meant for Iris was simply to nurse her health, so she wouldn’t fall sick easily, which was proven to work wonders on her. 
However, hearing what Cane said, she felt her heart being stabbed with a dull knife as she kept apologizing again. 
"No, Iris. Stop." Cane didn’t tell her this to make her feel bad, he only wanted her to be aware of this and to find out whether they were on the same page about having the baby, since they had never talked openly about this. 
Yet, he didn’t expect the effect of what he said to be so great on Iris, as she literally took it so hard and blamed herself 
"Please, don’t." Cane kissed her to stop her from apologizing, as she felt so horrified. 
"I didn’t mean it, Cane." 
"I know you didn’t mean it." 
"I am not lying." 
"You are not a liar, Iris." Even if she did lie to him, he would know immediately, as she was not good at keeping secrets from him. 
However, it didn’t make Iris stop crying and Cane was not sure about what to do. He started to think that he had talked to her too harshly. But, he was certain that he didn’t even raise his voice when he told her off about the alcohol. 
Cane then put aside the bed tray and hugged her. He waited until she calmed down again, because she was too emotional right now. 
Based on what he knew about her, his mate would tell him what she felt at some point, thus all he needed to do was to wait until she was comfortable enough to talk about it. 
"Did I say something wrong?" Cane asked, he cradled Iris in his arms, as he kissed her hair and knuckles, his way to tell her he was not mad at her. 
"The thought of you thinking that I don’t want a child with you hurt me," Iris said between her tears. "I didn’t do it on purpose, I am really stupid for not thinking it through." 
"Enough with that self degrading word, Iris," Cane said sternly yet gently. "I don’t want to hear that." 
Iris stopped talking altogether, as she rested her head against his chest and stared at the scenery outside of their window. They stayed like that for almost an hour. They felt the silence between them was very comforting and she liked to be held like this. 
"Iris, I asked this only to make sure there is no misunderstanding between us." Cane was the first to break the silence between them, as he played with her hair. 
There were so many things that needed to be done, but here they were, trying to comfort each other and get to the bottom of their own problems first. 
"I remember how my mother got really sick when she was pregnant with my twin siblings. She was sick for the first four to five months, before she got better and I still remembered the smell of blood that came from her room when she gave birth." Cane adjusted his position when Iris lifted her head and stared at him, as she listened. "I don’t know how it feels or how much it will hurt, but I know it will not be easy for you and I don’t want to put you through something that you don’t want." 
Iris shook her head. "No. I want it," she said adamantly. "I want it, Cane." 
Whether this was because of the sense of obligation for the women in this realm to give birth to continue the bloodline or Iris was just being a shell of herself, who used to try to please everyone, but the thought of having a child that resembled her or Cane warmed her heart greatly. It gave her happiness just thinking about that. 
"Okay." Cane smiled and kissed his mark on her neck. 
They had come so far to this point, where they could talk about their feelings openly. A lot of things had happened and a lot had changed them, and they were grateful to still have each other as a comfortable place to be vulnerable in this world, where you were not allowed to show a speck of weakness. 
"Let’s try it again, shall we?" Cane asked, kissing her chin and Iris had to bite her lip to stop herself from smiling. 
However, as if the timing couldn’t be worse, she felt something trickle down between her legs, it was not because she was getting wet. 
"Ah..." Iris grimaced when she felt her period come and Cane chuckled. 
"I think your body is still upset with me for making you cry early this morning." 
Iris laughed with him as well, her heart felt so light and she couldn’t believe that they just had a heartfelt conversation and almost had a misunderstanding between them. It could be fatal if they didn’t clear things up immediately. 
"Hm, Cane. You didn’t do anything to the other warriors, right?" Iris remembered Cane sending them to the dungeon when she passed out the last time. 
However, Cane didn’t answer that, he buried his face in the crook of her neck, since he couldn’t get any sex from her for a few days ahead, he wanted to be close with her in another way. 
"Cane? You didn’t send them to the dungeon again, right?" 
"No. I sent them to the mountains to catch some monsters." 
"Cane!" 
However, Ethan and Aliana were still missing. He would give them separate punishment once he got a hold of the two of them. 
============================== 
They would leave for the Silver River pack the day after tomorrow and Jace had been very moody because, firstly; Aliana would go with them. 
He still remembered his conversation with his little sister, where she showed her mature side and how it shut him up really quickly. 
’Jace, you can’t keep me safe. There was an attack within the pack. I want to do something to help defend our pack, our people. I don’t want to play with the kids when I can do more to provide their safety and the Alpha needs all the support he can get and I know, even if I can’t be of any help, at the very least, I will not be a burden.’ 
Jace was still in denial that his little sister went against his words for the first time, even though in the past, she always threw tantrums here and there, at the end of the day, she would still listen to him. 
But not now. 
’Hanna can help gather information, but she doesn’t know what she needs to look for and what she needs to dig deeper with the access she has, but I can do better.’ 
Hearing that, Jace immediately knew where she got the information about that and how she convinced the Alpha to let her come with them. 
And the second problem was; the matters in the pack house. Usually, he would split the responsibilities of the pack with Kaz, as he would be responsible about the things more common, like the distribution of food, keeping tabs on their expenditure and what they would need for the coming season, or some trivial things that would take time if Jace had to handle them all, since he needed to do more important things. 
Therefore, here Iris was, with permission from Cane. Only after coaxing him all night, did the Alpha finally agree with her. 
"Are you sure this is going to work?" Jace asked Ethan, who was standing next to him, as they watched Iris enter the dungeon. 
"I told you, you will never be able to convince Cane, but if you can convince Iris, you are halfway there," Ethan said proudly. He had observed them enough to know how much the Alpha listened to his mate, even though he would never admit it. 
Jace frowned. 
On the other hand, Eron escorted Iris into the dungeon, where they kept Kaz in one of the cells. It was not as bad as Iris thought. This place was pretty clean compared to the one in the Blue Moon pack and Kaz’s cell didn’t look so horrendous. He even got a small window, from where he could see sunlight. 
"Kaz," Iris called him and Eron told her he would be outside if she needed him and then left. 
Kaz had his back against her, as he stared at a tree from his small window. He looked haggard and a little bit dirty with disheveled hair. His back was hunched and within the few weeks that he spent here, you could see how he lost all of his pride and arrogance. 
"Lu- luna Iris..." Kaz called her, his voice was trembling, he looked mortified when he saw Iris was there. He thought he would get the final verdict. "I am sorry for what I have done to you, please, please, don’t kill me. I know I have made a grave mistake, please... don’t kill me." 
Kaz knew what happened to Jemma, Sofia’s personal maid, even though it was Will, who delivered the punishment, which obviously killed her, but it was Iris, who let that happen. She must have known how fond Will was of Hanna. 
Therefore, the first thought that came to Kaz’s mind was; she would get him beaten to death. That was a horrendous way to die and was very cruel... 
"Luna, please... I promise, I swear I will..." 
"I will not kill you, Kaz," Iris cut him off before he could promise her anything. She didn’t come to hear that. "You don’t need to promise me anything. I will be gone before you leave the dungeon." 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 532: SOMEONE CALLED HER
Chapter 532: SOMEONE CALLED HER
Kaz was surprised to get a visit from Iris and he immediately thought his time was near. He didn’t believe the Alpha would actually give him a final verdict and was still holding onto hope that once the Alpha’s anger had subsided, he would let him go. 
However, if it was Iris who came here, it would be a different thing. The Alpha wouldn’t kill him, but then, apparently, he was very infatuated with his mate, until he abandoned his own child. Kaz was sure, the second he saw Iris, he was going to die just like Jemma. 
Therefore, he was surprised when he heard what Iris said. 
"Wh- what? What do you mean, Luna?" Kaz stuttered. She would be gone by the time he left the dungeon? Would she release him or did she have another thing on her mind? "You are going to release me?" 
Iris stared at Kaz for a while. She didn’t feel anything about this old man. She didn’t even hate him nor did she feel bitter about him. 
She simply felt aloof, as if he was someone that she didn’t know and was not related to her in any way or form, someone that she only knew by name. 
Yesterday, Jace came to her to ask for help. He couldn’t handle all the affairs by himself, especially the trivial things in the pack house. It was not a really significant task and seemingly not important, but it would mess up the way the pack worked if no one handled it. 
Jace couldn’t do that, because such a simple task would eat up a lot of his time and to ask someone to do it, he needed to teach them, while he didn’t have time for any of that, since he also needed to overlook the construction and the warriors. 
Because Cane decided to let the Riverside pack’s warriors stay in their pack to strengthen their protection, they needed to think about how to house them in the long term, not to mention, it meant they needed to purchase more grains. 
The Beta was too overwhelmed to handle everything and he would be handful if he needed to teach someone new, therefore, in the end of his long explanation, he pleaded with Iris to ask the Alpha, whether he would forgive Kaz and let him work again. 
On the other hand, Iris almost forgot about that old man. The incident in the kitchen felt like it happened in another lifetime, because after that, several crucial things happened and more big things had transpired. 
Of course, Cane was not really thrilled with the idea, but after some persuasion and a lot of kisses, he finally relented and let Iris decide what she was going to do with Kaz, since she was the one who had been offended by him. 
It must be her who should decide what she was going to do with Kaz. 
"You will leave the dungeon and continue with your job," Iris said lightly and she watched as Kaz’s expression morphed into confusion. "After the attack, there are a lot of things to be taken care of and you should help Jace as much as possible and that will be your punishment." 
"Wh- what do you mean, Luna?" Doing his own usual job was not a punishment. It couldn’t be called a punishment, right? "You want to release me?" 
"You are free to go, Kaz." Iris took a step close and fished out a key from her pocket, as she unlocked the cell and opened the door for him. 
Kaz was in disbelief to see himself being released. "Please, thank the Alpha for releasing me. I will do my job perfectly. I will not disappoint him." 
Kaz’s initial shock disappeared and now he looked so elated. 
On the other hand, Iris stared at him, waiting for something, but when Kaz didn’t say anything anymore aside how grateful he was for the Alpha’s mercy, she sighed deeply and walked away. That was it. 
Before she came here, she felt like she wanted to say a lot of things. She even had this imaginary conversation about what she wanted to say. She wanted Kaz to know how she felt and that what he had done to her was awful. 
But right now, the urge to voice her feelings had vanished, she didn’t feel like talking about them anymore. It wasn’t worth it. 
Haco was right, he said that sometimes people would choose to pretend you were a bad person so they didn’t have to feel guilty about the things they did to you and now, Iris could see how true it was. 
Iris felt crazy for actually thinking she could get a proper apology. She shouldn’t have hoped for that in the first place. 
If it was not for the critical situation and Kaz’s mistake was not being anything critical, in a way, since he didn’t kill anyone or harm them intentionally, his help was needed at this time. More so, holding a grudge against him didn’t help her with anything. 
"Are you okay, Luna?" Eron asked when he saw Iris. She looked so quiet. 
A second later, the door was opened and they saw Kaz stepping out. He looked excited, as he greeted Eron and then dashed away from this dark place, saying he wanted to see the Alpha and thank him. 
"You can release the other people who have been arrested along with Kaz." Iris gave him the instruction, as she walked away. 
"Luna Iris..." 
"I know my way out. You can go and release them first." 
Seeing her, Eron decided not to follow, since she knew her way out and he thought she needed some time of her own, thus he let her walk out alone, while he released the other people. It seemed their punishment had ended and they would work again like usual. 
Meanwhile, Iris walked in this empty corridor. There were many prisoners here. She was deep in thought. 
A good thing was; she didn’t need to stay in this pack and she would be away for months before she returned here again, so she didn’t need to deal with them. She could focus on something else. 
Iris knew her way back, but her mind was messing up with her and her emotions were all over the place, thus her feet took a wrong turn, which made her end up at the inner cells. 
A strong putrid smell snapped her back and she looked around her, not recognizing this place, until she heard someone call her name. 
"I- Iris... is that you?" 
His voice was so hoarse and filled with so much agony, which sent chills down Iris’ spine. She froze in her place. Who could this person be? How could a prisoner know her even before he saw her? He must have smelled her scent... 
"I know it’s you... you are here! Come here you little slut!" 
================================ 
Kaz couldn’t contain his happiness, as he immediately cleaned himself up and asked around about the Alpha’s whereabouts. He bragged to the people how the Alpha had finally forgiven him, but because not many people knew what actually was going on, they congratulated Kaz. 
It was great to have him here again, because he knew what to do with the pack house and they were a little bit frustrated with some of their purchases. 
"The Alpha must be in the training ground, you can find him there," one of the omegas told Kaz cheerfully and the old steward immediately rushed toward the training ground, where he found the Alpha. He was talking to Will. 
The warrior finally came out of his shell and started his training again, he also helped with the construction, though he didn’t talk much and Hanna would always be nearby, or else, he would abandon everything he was doing and go looking for her instead. 
"Alpha!" Kaz approached Cane, as he immediately knelt in front of him. He almost hit his head on the ground. "Thank you, Alpha, thank you for your mercy. I know you are merciful and I will not doubt that! Thank you for letting me go." 
Hanna was there, she was distributing water for the warriors after their training and noticed that the nasty old steward had been released. She frowned, displeased. 
"I know you will forgive me one day..." 
"I didn’t." 
Kaz was shocked when he heard that, thus he lifted his head and looked at the Alpha. He stared at Cane, a person he had known ever since he was little. He was not sure he had heard him right. 
"P- Pardon me...?" Kaz stuttered. 
"I still have not yet forgiven you, Kaz and you will still be in the dungeon if it’s not for my mate asking me to release you." Cane paid him no mind, as he continued his discussion with Will. 
"But... I thought... it was..." Kaz stammered even more, he didn’t believe what he heard. 
"You can leave. I am in the middle of a discussion now." Cane shifted his attention and stared at Kaz darkly, which made the old steward tremble in fear. 
Kaz nodded vigorously and then resigned himself, but before that, Hanna approached him. Her eyes were ablaze with annoyance. 
"How does it feel to be saved by my missy, the very person who you disrespect so much?" Hanna asked sharply, she didn’t have any qualms to rub it in Kaz’s face. "How many times shall my missy have to save you for you to be grateful? When you were a slave and now you are a free person, you are still a burden for my missy to save you time and time again." Hanna was gritting her teeth. She couldn’t understand why they released him. "Do you still want to look down on her?" 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 533: KELLAN WILL BE A GOOD CHOICE
Chapter 533: KELLAN WILL BE A GOOD CHOICE
"Hanna, I am not here for a fight..." Kaz said in a small voice, sighing deeply. He rushed here to find the Alpha before he could take a proper meal. It was because of how important he needed to thank the Alpha. 
But, the way Cane reacted and what he said completely threw him off guard, he didn’t think the Alpha would say it was actually the Luna, who asked for him to be released. But, why? After what he had done, it didn’t make sense for her to be the one to release him from the dungeon. 
Didn’t she want revenge after how he treated her? Didn’t she feel bitter toward him and the others for favoring the woman, who was pregnant with the Alpha’s firstborn, even though she was the Luna? It didn’t make sense in Kaz’s mind. 
"I will never forgive you for what you have said and done to her, Kaz." Hanna looked very furious, while the old man could only lower his head. Initially, he respected Hanna more than he did Iris, because before they learned the truth about Iris’ involvement, all the members of the Howling Wolf pack saw Hanna as their savior, while Iris was just Gerald’s daughter. 
And for some reason, that belief engraved so deeply, it was hard to be changed. It touched their subconscious level, where they didn’t even think about it, as if that was the hard truth for them and it was still true for Kaz, Maria and some other pack members. 
"All of that was a misunderstanding," Kaz said tiredly. With the Alpha’s refusal to talk to him, he felt someone just stabbed his heart. It was so painful to see he lost the Alpha’s trust and favor. "Your missy was too sensitive..." 
Kaz immediately stopped himself when he heard the way Hanna growled dangerously. She balled her fists and looked like she was going to attack Kaz right there and then, apparently his skull was very thick, so he was not able to accept the reality. He couldn’t even hear properly what the Alpha said. It was Iris, who had asked him to be released and here he was, having not even an ounce of feelings like gratefulness for her missy. 
Not to mention, he tried to play down how hurt Iris was... 
If she was allowed, Hanna really wanted to claw Kaz’s face and give him a lesson or two, she was sure she could take down this old steward by herself. 
However, Kaz noticed her wrath and immediately walked away from her. He said nothing and left the training ground. 
Hanna was not as kind as he thought she was. 
"Hanna," Cane called her over. He saw the altercation between the two and how tense his mate’s personal maid was. 
But, because they were too far and talked in low voices, he couldn’t hear the conversation between the two of them. 
Hanna lifted her head and saw the Alpha, she immediately changed her expression and walked over, but it was hard to hide her feelings, not to mention it was almost impossible for her to hide anything before Cane’s observatory eyes. 
Once Hanna stopped in front of the Alpha, she tried to avoid his eyes, but she obviously couldn’t avoid his question. 
"Why are you so angry?" Cane asked. He stared at Hanna closely and saw the maid was trying to hold back her temper in his presence, but Will put his arm around her shoulder to make her relax a little bit. The warrior was still very quiet. 
"I am sorry, Alpha. I didn’t mean to talk harshly to Kaz," Hanna said. 
"Why are you so angry?" Cane simply repeated his question. He couldn’t care less whether she talked harshly to Kaz or not. 
"It’s... nothing." 
"Hanna, I will not repeat the same question," Cane said sternly this time, his voice demanded an answer from her and Will’s body stiffened, as he slightly stood in front of Hanna out of instinct to put himself between her and the Alpha. 
Hanna finally lifted her head, sensing the situation went south because she didn’t give the Alpha a proper answer, thus in a small voice, she told Cane her grievances. 
"I am sorry, Alpha, but I don’t like the steward. I don’t like the way Kaz talked to my missy when he informed her that Sofia moved into the Luna’s bedroom because she is pregnant with... your child." Hanna bit her lip, but then she continued. "I don’t like it when Kaz talks to my missy as if she was stupid just because she couldn’t hear." 
"Elaborate that." Cane’s eyes turned very cold and Will literally put himself between the Alpha and his woman now. 
Hanna carefully proceeded to tell Cane the way Kaz talked to her missy that night they just arrived in the pack house and how he talked down to Iris, thinking she couldn’t hear him. He talked in a very degrading way. 
Hanna didn’t try to make the old steward look so bad in front of the Alpha, but this was how she felt and she had been holding this grudge ever since then, only because everything that happened, she forgot about it a little bit. 
However, when she saw Kaz again, the anger resurfaced and she felt so wronged on Iris’ behalf. 
"I don’t like the way he talked to her as if she was a child! She couldn’t hear, but it didn’t mean she was retarded!" Hanna ended up bursting into tears, not because of the sadness, but because of how angry she was. 
Sometimes, when you were too angry and agitated, you couldn’t help, but cry. 
On the other hand, Cane remembered what Iris said in one of her outbursts the day she unintentionally hurt his wolf spirit. The first time he learned how hurt she was... 
’Why didn’t they feel sorry for treating me badly in the first place?!’ 
’Just because I am deaf, it doesn’t mean I don’t know what they are talking about! I am not stupid! I am not an idiot! Why do they degrade me and think I am not smart enough?! I know what they are talking about, I am not stupid! I am a runt, but I am not stupid!’ 
Cane didn’t understand why Iris came up with those words and didn’t realize the depth of the words then, he thought she only said whatever in her mind to vent out her anger, but now it all made sense. 
Add that to the fact Iris kept calling herself as a stupid person when she was drunk on alcohol. He felt a sharp pang in his chest when he realized how deep the pain Iris felt was. 
You might not realize how much your words hurt someone until that person changed because of it. 
================================= 
Iris froze in her place, she wanted to run away and avoid this person, but she couldn’t move her body. She felt like she was in one of her horrendous nightmares when she heard the words he used. They were such familiar words that she grew up hearing. 
"Come here, you little slut!" Mason screamed, his voice dripped with demand, as he called Iris over. He knew it was her, though it had been a long time since the last time she saw her, he could still tell it was his dear little sister. "COME HERE!" 
Iris was startled and her body moved on its own out of instinct. She might have forgotten about him until she heard his voice, but her body didn’t. Her mind told her to leave, but her body obliged his demand, like it used to do almost her whole life. 
"There you are... the little slut..." Mason said in his hoarse voice, as he coughed hard before he cackled in delight to see Iris in front of him. "You look well, Iris. Do you miss your older brother?" 
Iris couldn’t utter a single word, as her breathing quickened. 
Her logic told her that Mason wouldn’t be able to do anything to her in his current state, but there was something more powerful than her logic that controlled her right now. Trauma. Her mind froze. 
"Why don’t you come closer so your brother can see you clearly?" Mason said between his cackling and coughing. He dragged his body, while both of his legs looked very awkward, as if they were twisted in really wrong angles, one of his arms bent into a weird angle too, while half of his teeth were gone. 
He didn’t look like the sophisticated Mason from the past, the man, who looked after himself so well, almost like he was a maiden instead. 
But right now, a beggar would look even better than him. He was unrecognizable, but still, Iris knew it was him. 
"Why don’t you come closer, so your brother can see you?" Mason was holding onto the bars, pressing his face as close as he could, so he would be able to get a better look at Iris. "You look so beautiful now. How long has it been since the last time I saw you? Have you given birth to that mutt’s child?" 
However, Mason then laughed so hard after he said that, as if he just said the funniest joke ever. 
"How could he impregnate you when we ruined his private parts?! He must have shared you with someone else to get you pregnant!" He laughed hysterically. "Ah! I forgot! The baby must have golden eyes to pass as his child." Mason tilted his head, a devilish smirk lifting the corners of his lips. "Kellan will be a good choice."
###Chapter 534: SATISFACTION
Chapter 534: SATISFACTION
"Where is the Luna?" Eron asked Jace and Ethan who were waiting outside the dungeon. The two of them watched as Kaz left almost an hour ago, but they didn’t see Iris, they thought she was still talking to the other women, who were thrown to the dungeon along with Kaz. 
However, when he returned with the sobbing Airi, Jill and the other two omegas, they were confused about Iris’ whereabouts. 
"What do you mean?" Ethan and Jace frowned at Eron’s question. "She is supposed to be with you, right?" 
"What? No." Eron shook his head. "Luna Iris said she will go out alone and told me to release them." He nodded at the four women, who looked so disheveled while crying silently. 
Though they were not treated badly, going back to the dungeon was not something they would have imagined, once they were free from Alpha Gerald’s clutches. It was terrifying and brought back a lot of horrendous memories. 
"No, she has not yet come out," Ethan said dumbfoundedly. 
There was only one way to go out of the dungeon and knowing that the Beta and the Gamma were standing right at the entrance, Eron didn’t think much when he agreed to let the Luna walk out alone. 
"She must be still inside," Jace said. 
"Maybe she got lost." Ethan immediately entered the dungeon, as this place could be confusing. There were a few pathways that could lead you to different sections of the cell. 
However, their hearts dropped to the ground when they heard a short, shrill scream from inside. It echoed throughout the corridors and then everything became quiet again. 
"Shit!" Eron cursed under his breath, as the three of them immediately rushed in to figure out what was going on inside. Their blood became so cold, as their minds came up with the worst possible things that could happen. 
Meanwhile, the four women still stood at the entrance of the dungeon, not sure what to do. They needed to thank the Luna because she was the one who had asked the Alpha to release them, Eron had emphasized this to them. 
Eron said; if it was not because of the Luna, the Alpha probably would have forgotten about them all and they would still be rotting inside the jail. 
"Should we wait?" Airi asked, she stared at the dimly lit dungeon. She didn’t want to stay there any longer, but then they still needed to thank the Luna. 
On the other hand, Jace, Ethan and Eros found Iris sitting on the ground, in front of Mason’s cell, staring ahead with a blank expression. 
"Iris!" Ethan was the first to reach her. He immediately dropped to his knees to check on her. "Are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?" He came closer because he smelled something suspicious, though it was very faint and he needed to be so close to be able to tell. "You are bleeding!" 
"What?!" Eron came to check on Iris as well. "We need to take her to see Grace!" 
"I am fine," Iris said in a light tone, as if she was talking about something that she didn’t have interest in. "I am on my monthly cycle." 
"Oh." Eron and Jace then went quiet, as they understood what was that. They looked a little bit awkward. 
"Are you sure you aren’t hurt anywhere? I heard a scream a while ago." Ethan was still worried. The scream didn’t last that long and now when he thought about that, it didn’t actually sound like Iris. "It was not you who had screamed?" 
However, it was Jace, who answered that. "I think it’s him who screamed earlier." The Beta was standing in front of Mason’s cell, blocking Iris’ view of her brother. 
"What happened to him?" Ethan stood up and checked on the bastard. 
"He is dead," Jace said coldly. With one look, you could see life had left Mason’s body. His eyes opened so wide, as if he was in so much agony and his body twisted into a weird position. 
"But... how?" Eron asked, he was about to go in and check Mason’s condition when Jace stopped him. 
"Take the Luna out of the dungeon first. This is not a sight she wants to see." Jace took off his cloak and draped it around Iris’ body, as his tall figure still blocked the mortifying view of Mason’s dead body from her sight. "Are you okay?" Jace stared deeply into Iris’ blue eyes that were slightly dim. 
"Yes," Iris replied calmly, which made Jace feel something was off with her, but he brushed it off as her being in so much shock upon seeing her brother’s dead body. After all, people had different ways to react to such shocking events. "I am fine." 
"Good." Jace nodded. "Now, go back to the pack house with Eron, okay?" 
"Okay." 
Jace helped Iris to stand up and Eron took her out of the dungeon, leaving the Beta and the Gamma behind to deal with Mason’s lifeless body. 
"What do you think is the cause of this?" Ethan asked, once Iris and Eron were no longer there and they couldn’t hear this conversation. "I am sure, he was fine and still pretty alive. I have been so busy, so I have not yet paid him a visit." Well, the Gamma used to vent out his frustrations on Mason, but because recently he had been spending his free time near the river, Mason should be alive without his presence. 
"I don’t know. I will investigate this," Jace said. "Report this to the Alpha. I will ask the guards about this."
"Right away," Ethan said and then he left as well. 
They didn’t need more trouble. Actually, it was pretty fine for Mason to die, but the way he died all of a sudden needed to be clarified. They wouldn’t want this piece of shit to cause them trouble even after he died, in whatever form. 
"It’s weird..." Jace muttered to himself, as he opened the cell and checked on Mason’s dead body. 
On the other hand, Eron took Iris out of the dungeon, while the Luna was very quiet. She looked like she was thinking about something else and he was afraid to disturb whatever things that were running in her mind right now. 
"Luna Iris!" Jill was the first to approach Iris. She immediately broke down in tears, apologizing for her behavior and the way she treated her, followed by Airi and the other two omegas. 
They looked remorseful and thanked her for saving them from the dungeon. How much it meant for them and how they really appreciated what she had done for them. 
However, after watching a long session of crying and expressing gratitude and also a bunch of apologies from the four of them, Iris only replied with a single word and then left. 
"Okay." 
Iris walked away from them, as if she didn’t even care about what they had said. Probably that was right. 
If it was before, she would have been thrilled upon hearing such words full of remorse and how grateful they were for what she had done for them, but not anymore. Her mind reeled to the event that happened not so long ago. She was still trying to discern what actually had happened. 
"Luna, where are you going?" Eron followed Iris closely and the other six warriors joined him along the way. "Your bedroom is over here." 
"No. I want to go to the orphanage," Iris said calmly. 
"But..." Eron held his tongue, because there was something about the Luna right now that made him stop himself from arguing before he simply followed her. 
Iris needed to go to the orphanage and meet with Haco. She needed to ask him about this matter. 
She saw it, she saw Mason’s wolf, she saw the wolf was so vicious and badly injured, just like their human’s side. She could feel it in her anger upon hearing what Mason said about her and Cane. 
How he suggested to have Kellan touch her and impregnate her, so she and Cane could pass the baby as the future Alpha of the Howling Wolf pack. 
Of course, Mason wouldn’t say something as simple as that, he threw a few more nasty remarks and laughed at his own lewd jokes. 
’How was it, Iris? Did you like it when you played with him?’ Mason asked, his eyes that had been long dead lit up with amusement. He looked crazy, but of course, he knew what he was talking about. ’Did you like it when he played with you? I saw it, Iris. I saw how you cried like a baby when he touched you. You shouldn’t have cried, didn’t you like it when he played with you?’ 
Mason knew and he saw what Kellan had done to her. He watched everything, as if it was just an act of entertainment for him. 
’Unfortunately, I don’t have the same taste as him. I prefer to beat you up than touch you. You should be grateful for that.’ 
’No one will believe you if you say anything about that, though. Kellan has such an impeccable image. No one will believe you.’ 
That was when Iris saw red and... killed him. 
The first time, she squeezed Alpha Gill’s Wolf spirit, but it didn’t kill the nasty alpha immediately and the second time was when it happened with Cane and she was grateful, he was fine in the end, thus this must be the first time her attempt had succeeded. 
Now she learned a bit more about Na’s power, and she got a better understanding of it. 
Iris was not sure how she felt right now, but there was this tiny satisfaction deep inside her and the five swords cracked even more...
###Chapter 535: WHAT HAPPENED IN THE CAPITAL
Chapter 535: WHAT HAPPENED IN THE CAPITAL
No one knew what kind of power that Iris held, aside from Haco and Cane, everyone else was also still clueless why the lycan suddenly appeared and managed to take over Cane’s body when it had never happened before. 
The reason why it could happen was because Iris weakened Cane’s wolf spirit, which gave access to the lycan to dominate Cane’s body. 
The same thing happened to Alpha Gill when Iris hurt his wolf spirit, which rendered him useless and unable to shift into his beast. 
But right now, Iris got a better understanding of Na’s power within her and her intention was clear. She wanted Mason to die. 
For what Mason had put her through and all the slaves that he had tortured to death and misery, Iris wanted him to die. This quick death was not something he deserved, but with his death, Iris managed to learn something; she held the power to kill a shifter without even touching them! 
Iris had never really thought about this before, maybe deep down, she knew what she could do, but she was not completely aware of the extent of the damage it could cause. 
The news thrilled her, as she realized, there was nothing she needed to be feared of anymore. No one could hurt her and Kellan could meet his demise just like Mason. 
The more Iris thought about it, the more enticing it was for her and she felt like she was being sucked into a rabbit hole. She could kill any shifter, no matter who displeased her and the more she thought about it, the more she felt the comfort and safety she had never felt before. 
As someone who used to be at the bottom of the power display, holding this kind of power gave her reassurance. 
The more Iris thought about it, the darker her mind got and the more the five swords cracked... 
"Luna!" Eron tapped her shoulder, snapping her back from her reverie, as all her dark thoughts disappeared, as if it was only something that crossed her mind without any meaning. 
"Yes?" Iris looked at him with confusion. She blinked her eyes to clear her mind, as she faced the reality she was in. 
"I have been talking with you, but you didn’t seem to hear what I said." Eron looked worried. "Are you okay? Should we go back to the pack house?" 
Iris looked to her right side, they were already at the entrance of the orphanage. "No. I want to see Haco," she replied in the same way and then walked into the building. 
It didn’t take long for Iris to find Haco, as the old sorcerer was dozing off while leaning against a window. He started to sleep very often recently and tended to be very tired after doing something easy. 
After the attack, where he used so much of his power, it seemed his health had been deteriorating pretty quickly. Therefore, he had been told not to do anything and Cane took away all the magic stones from his possession. This was for his own good. He didn’t need them at times like this anyway. 
From the looks of it, if his condition kept deteriorating like this, he would have less than half a year rather than less than a year. 
"Haco," Iris called his name softly, as she nudged his arm, while the seven warriors kept their distance from her. They were not too far, so they could immediately reach her if something happened, but they were not too close to hear the conversation between her and Haco either. "Wake up, please. There is something I want to ask." 
Before, she would have let him sleep, not wanting to bother him, but this time was different, she was in dire need of explanation, even if Haco didn’t have any, she wanted to know what he was thinking about this matter. 
"Haco, please, wake up." Iris shook his arm to wake him up, but only after fifteen minutes did the old sorcerer open his eyes. 
"Iris?" Haco narrowed his eyes and Iris was glad, he didn’t forget about her like before. It was a dreadful feeling to be forgotten by a person you cared about. "What are you doing here?" He rubbed his face. "Where are we?" 
"We are in the orphanage," Iris replied, while Haco looked a little bit disoriented, but then he nodded, seemingly not wanting to think about such a trivial matter. 
"This orphanage looks a little bit different..." Haco mumbled. "Why did you come looking for me?" 
"There are a few things I want to ask you." Iris looked so gentle when she talked with Haco. All murderous thoughts were forgotten at this moment, as if such thoughts had never crossed her mind at all. 
"Hm?" Haco tilted his head. "What things?" 
"Haco, I just killed Mason," Iris admitted it openly and told him what she had done. Meanwhile, the old sorcerer only raised his eyebrows and didn’t seem to sympathize with her older brother, he didn’t even try to fake it. 
In the end, Haco simply nodded, as if saying; he deserved that. But, that was not the thing Iris wanted to tell him. 
"Haco. You told me if the wolf spirit died, the human side could still be alive, but Mason died." Iris wanted to make sure about this information. 
"Iris, that could happen, if both sides were in good condition, of course, and you killed their spirit, it would only affect the body, in Mason’s case, his body couldn’t endure the pain. He was as good as dead if I could say." 
Iris nodded, understanding the explanation. "In that case, if I can heal the spirit, I can heal the body too, right?" 
"Well, the logic is like that, but I don’t have such power and my knowledge about the first Serafim is based on scripts that I read more than five decades ago." Not to mention Haco had started to lose his memories gradually, thus he couldn’t really rely on that. 
"If I can heal Joel’s wolf spirit, I can heal him too, right?" Iris could grasp this concept when she killed Mason’s wolf spirit. She could feel the spirit struggling in her grip and how she got aware of all the pain and the injuries that Mason sustained once she got a hold of the spirit. 
However, her anger got the better of her and she didn’t have the capacity to look into it further before she squeezed the spirit to its death. The feeling when she killed the spirit was almost therapeutic and this... scared her. How could she find comfort in killing someone? 
But then, Iris justified it. Mason deserved it. 
Surprisingly, his death didn’t really weigh on her mind and her main focus was how to heal Joel if she could help the young warrior in anyway. 
"I am not sure about that and can’t give you a definite answer. I am not a healer and my power is so different from yours." Haco could only help her with theory, while the rest, Iris needed to figure it out herself. "If you really want to know, you can give it a try." 
That was the easiest way, but Iris doubted herself. "What if I accidentally hurt him even more?" The thought that she could accidentally kill Joel terrified her. 
Haco thought about it for a while, but then he spoke clearly. "I think the result will be based on your intention. You didn’t kill Alpha Gill because that was the first time you saw a wolf spirit, there was a high chance you had not yet grasped the power completely, which resulted in you only hurting him. 
"While with Cane, you don’t have any intention to hurt him, you only wanted to get away from him, not kill him, but with your brother, your intention was very clear and you got a hold of your power better than before." Haco shrugged his shoulders. "This is just my theory." 
Iris contemplated it for a while before she decided. "I will go see Joel," she said. 
"Hm. Go." Haco nodded and then yawned again. "Don’t forget to tell Avid her wife was looking for him." He closed his eyes and started dozing off again. 
However, hearing his last sentence, Iris felt a pang in her heart. She swallowed with so much difficulty. She was not sure what moment Haco was remembering when he said that. 
Avid was dead and Haco forgot about that. 
================================ 
"Mason died?" Cane narrowed his eyes when he received the news from Ethan. "What was the cause of his death?" 
Ethan looked complicated when he told him about what had happened. "Grace has been called and we still need to wait for the cause of it." 
"Where is Iris?" Cane walked away from the training ground with his gamma following behind him. 
"Eron must have escorted her back to the pack house." Ethan then blocked Cane’s way, as he stood in front of him. "Cane, there are a few important pieces of news that you need to know. I received them only now." 
Cane stopped walking and saw how serious Ethan was, a rare sight to be seen, which meant, this was very important. "What is it?" 
"Koda lost the war, he and his people retreated, but one of our people said his great grandchild is being cursed, though this information has not yet been confirmed. Arthur managed to find Aderan and the Queen, right now they are in a safe place and..." Ethan frowned. "Prince Kellan fled to the Celestial Moon pack. He took his people to help stop the monster attacks and the Serafim’s entourage has arrived this morning."
###Chapter 536: HOLDING GRUDGE
Chapter 536: HOLDING GRUDGE
Cane listened to the report emotionlessly. His expression didn’t change at all, but in truth, this was how he used to be whenever Iris was not around. He would always have this cold and callous air to him, as if he was aloof to everything else in the world. 
"What are you going to do now? Koda lost the battle and Alan has reclaimed his position as the future king of the continent with the help of the Golden Light pack and the royal sorcerers." Ethan frowned deeply. He could sense more and more troubles coming their way. "From the Moon Dew pack, Alpha Gallot sent people to help the royals as well when one of the royal sorcerers managed to escape and deliver the message to him. It’s still unknown what the royals offered to him, but in the end, he agreed to help them, which is the main reason for Koda’s defeat." 
The Golden Light pack was the biggest pack in this continent, before Cane claimed all the packs in the south, from where almost all the royal guards and warriors hailed. Therefore, their forces couldn’t be taken lightly. 
While the Moon Dew pack had various people from this realm, since it was the place where the black market was located, no matter how awful Alpha Gallot was, his connections were not something you could look down on and it would really help the royals in power struggle. 
"What about the Celestial Moon pack? Where are they standing?" Cane had not received any letter from Alpha Derick since the last time and now he got news that Kellan had fled to that pack. 
It was easy to predict that Kellan would escape to the northern pack, since the Howling Wolf pack and the Celestial Moon packs were his biggest support in the past when he was still the Crown Prince, but because of the route, it was way easier to reach the north than the south of the continent. 
"There is still no declaration from Alpha Derick." Ethan then added. "This is the most recent piece of news. Our men used the fastest hawks, so at the very least, all of these happened yesterday." 
Cane was deep in thought and Ethan didn’t bother him, knowing his alpha must be thinking of their next step. 
Currently, the continent was divided into three parts, where all the packs in the south were completely claimed by Cane while the capital city was under the control of Alan and people from the Golden Light pack and the Moon Dew packs. Koda and his Red Claw pack joined hands with the Winter Moon pack to make his baby great grandson the next king, which would lead to Koda becoming his regent until he came of age. 
Of course, the idea came from Cane when he sent him back to the capital city to deal with the royal family after the death of the King. 
However, the Celestial Moon pack had not yet declared their stand, as they were still struggling with the waves of monster attack. 
With the King’s death, whoever had scattered Asturi Stem in the north area seemed to have stopped their actions immediately and the monster waves should be decreased soon. Alpha Derick failed to catch the culprit who had done it. Moreover, all of that was just Cane and his theory, since the former caught Alan in the black market trying to purchase the Asturi Stem from Lou. 
"If there is a message from Koda, tell him to find me himself." Cane only gave that instruction after he kept thinking for a while. 
"Do you think Koda will send you a message? Will he ask you to help with the battle against the royals?" Ethan frowned, but then he stopped himself. He knew Cane wouldn’t answer such a question, it was only his habit to ask for more details. 
However, to his surprise, Cane actually gave him a brief explanation. 
"Koda is under the assumption that our pack is on his side and to have seven packs in the south as his allies, is a great booster for their chance to strike back, the only reason why he might have thought why I didn’t send any help is because he saw it himself that the seven packs have not yet unified and I am still working on it." Cane paused. "Hint to him that I need time to prepare the seven packs to be his back up, but be vague with your words. It will give us time without any interference for some time." 
Cane needed to decide whether he would take the Silver River pack and the Diandem pack under his wing or not. His next step would depend on it. 
"Oh... okay..." Ethan was flabbergasted to receive such an explanation. He was in awe that Cane actually explained things to him, instead of simply giving him an order to follow like usual. It had always been a pain in the ass to get anything out of his mouth. 
Was this because of the Luna’s effect? 
However, Cane’s next words snapped the Gamma back to reality. 
"You will be part of the wolf warriors during our journey to the Silver River pack, you will take both Oliver and Dean’s roles as well because I will send the two of them ahead of time to check the situation in the Silver River pack," Cane said, which made Ethan widen his eyes. 
Wolf warriors were those warriors who would run in their wolf forms during their journey. Usually, there would be two leaders for the two groups of the wolf warriors, as each leader and group would take turns to run in their wolf forms and ride horses alternately. 
Initially, it was Oliver and Dean, but with both of them out of the picture and Cane assigning that duty to Ethan directly meant he needed to take both roles and would have to spend the whole journey to the Silver River pack in his wolf form without taking a break, unless they stopped for the night! 
"Cane! How can you be so cruel?! What have I done wrong?" Ethan wailed, his voice full of grief, but a glance from Cane was enough to remind him of his sin for taking Iris to the tavern the other night, thus he immediately clamped his mouth shut. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t say anything and turned around to find his mate. 
"He is holding a grudge... I thought he forgot about it already," Ethan grumbled. 
The Gamma had been trying his hardest to avoid Cane and when he thought the Alpha had never summoned him and there was no punishment that came to knock him onto his butt, he actually lowered his guard and approached him on his own. 
But actually, Cane seemed to have done that intentionally. He was messing with his mind by giving him hope that he could actually escape his punishment. 
"Should I change my loyalty toward the Luna instead? She looks like a more safer option." Ethan contemplated. Iris was too kind and she would never give him such cruel punishment. More so, it was way easier to please her... 
=============================== 
Iris knocked on the door. She wanted to visit Joel as often as possible, but she couldn’t do that because there were a lot of things she needed to do and take care of. 
"Joel. I brought you this." Iris poked her head into the room and found the young warrior staring out of the window.
###Chapter 537: I WANT TO STAY IN MY BEDROOM
Chapter 537: I WANT TO STAY IN MY BEDROOM
As a warrior, Joel had his own bedroom in the warrior quarters. It was his pride and joy to occupy this little bedroom, which could only fit a bed, a table, a drawer and a chair. 
And, this room would always look clean and comfortable, as Joel would find time amidst his busy training schedule to keep it neat. 
Yet, if he was no longer a warrior of this pack, he was required to leave this room. It was a rule, and this would break Joel even more. 
"Joel, I brought you this." Iris entered the room because she didn’t hear anything from inside after knocking for ten minutes and found the young warrior staring out the window. As luck would have it, his window showed a training ground for the young warriors, from the age of twelve to fifteen. 
Not so long ago, Joel was part of them before he started his training with the older warriors and was given this little bedroom, a symbol that he was capable enough to defend his pack. A testament that he would be a great warrior one day, like he always dreamed of. 
But, everything crumbled and shattered. Without being able to use his legs, he wouldn’t be able to defend himself, let alone anyone. 
"Joel?" Iris called him. She had a book in her hand. She promised to teach him how to read and write, but because of the situation, they had not yet started. "Joel?" 
Joel got startled and then turned his head around to look at Iris, he was surprised to see her inside his bedroom. It seemed he really tuned out the whole world, until he was not aware of his own surroundings. 
"Lu- Luna Iris..." Joel stuttered. 
"I actually knocked for a while earlier, but you didn’t answer me, so I came inside." Iris gave Joel an apologetic look, as she stared at his sickly wolf spirit. His wolf was so young and it was the color of brown. The spirit looked almost like the black wisp that came from Cane, only this had a shape. 
"It’s okay, Luna... I didn’t hear that." Joel tried to look cheerful like his usual self, but Iris could see how he struggled to even keep his smile and this broke her heart. "Please, have a seat, Luna. I am sorry, I can’t get out of bed." 
Iris waved her hand to dismiss that and then showed the book in her hand. "You told me that you want to learn how to read and write, right? Why don’t we start before I go to the Silver River pack? After that, Hanna will help you continue your studies." 
Iris tried to be excited about it, but she could see Joel was not as enthusiastic when he asked her to teach him. 
"Okay," Joel said. He smiled softly, but Iris knew it was just out of politeness. 
It hurt her even more to see how life slipped away from his eyes. He looked like he was about to break down, but as a man, he couldn’t do that. It was a weakness for a warrior to show that side of them, almost like a sin. 
Iris stared at the young wolf spirit. She was not sure how to do it and was even more afraid that she would end up hurting him instead. 
However, Iris still could feel the thrill of killing Mason and how his spirit struggled in her grip, but at the same time, she felt connected to the spirit as well, as if she could feel every inch of it. 
The pain, the emotions, the injuries... she felt everything within such a short period of time. 
It was a weird feeling, yet she was familiar with it, as if she had done it a few times before. It came to her naturally, almost like when she could sense the magic stones and black magic. It must be the feeling that came from the first Serafim. Na. 
"Oliver came to visit a few hours ago, before he left for the Silver River pack," Joel said when Iris didn’t start with her lesson. He knew the Luna only came to cheer him up, but he couldn’t help this feeling of helplessness. "He said, he had prepared a small house in the town for me and I can live there as long as I want." His voice started shaking when he continued to speak. "He said I would love it. The house even has a fireplace and nice bed. It is much bigger than this room too." 
Iris knew immediately what it meant, let alone Joel. It was a nice way to tell Joel that he was no longer part of the warriors of the pack and him giving up his bedroom in the warrior quarters meant it was set in stone. 
"Or, I can live in the pack house. He has arranged a nice room, again bigger than this and close to the kitchen, so I will not have a hard time if I get hungry in the middle of the night. I used to get hungry and wake up to find something to eat after a long day of training..." 
This time, Joel couldn’t hold back his tears, his shoulders started trembling as a rush of emotions hit him so hard thinking there would never be anymore training for him to attend after what happened. He wouldn’t be able to do the only thing he loved the most, something that he took pride in. 
Words wouldn’t be able to describe what kind of turmoil that raged within that young body. 
"Oliver said I can choose and both places are better than here." Joel sobbed softly, his jaw clenched tightly. "But, I like this small bedroom more. I don’t want to move out," he whimpered and started to cry. 
"Oh, Joel!" 
Out of instinct, Iris sat down on the edge of his bed and hugged him. She caressed his back, while he rested his head on her shoulder, crying so hard. The sound of it was akin to a stab in Iris’ chest. His whole body was trembling and she couldn’t help, but cry as well. 
"I don’t want to move out of my bedroom..." 
It almost felt like Joel was saying, it would be better if he died in the mountains with all of his friends than to live this worthless life. 
Joel was a talented and promising warrior, but then he was still a fifteen year old boy, who just started to see the world and figure his own way on how to live his life. 
However, everything came crashing down in a single day and his life looked so bleak to say the least. 
Iris hugged him a little bit tighter, as if she was trying to prevent this young man from falling apart. She felt his pain and the depth of his emotions and it completely crushed her. 
But at the same time, she could feel his wounds. The spirit was so close, she could just raise her hand and touch it. 
Still holding the crying Joel in her arms, Iris could see the tip of her fingers exude white light. This was the same light that consumed the spirits of those fallen warriors.
###Chapter 538: WHITE LIGHTS
Chapter 538: WHITE LIGHTS
Under normal circumstances, it was not appropriate for Iris to hug another man like she did with Joel, but she had never seen him so down and she did it out of pure instinct, the only thing in her mind was; how to comfort this young warrior. 
Joel looked devastated, coupled with him having to move out of this room, it meant there was no hope for his legs and it was confirmed. 
In his entire life, he only dreamed of how to be a great warrior and defend his pack from their enemies, even if he had to die, he wanted to die like his father, who died in the battlefield. 
Probably, it would have been actually better if he did die when he was in the mountains along with the other young warriors, instead of becoming a burden to this pack. 
He didn’t want to cry, especially in front of Iris, but he couldn’t help it. His luna had this calming scent that could ease his nerves and make him lower his guard. It felt so comforting to be held like this when you were about to crumble apart. 
"I don’t want to move out, Luna..." Joel cried. Probably, this was the first time he shed tears in front of someone. He looked so vulnerable. He was so young, he had a long future ahead of him, but now he had to come to terms with the fact that he could no longer use his legs and that very thought dreaded him. 
"It’s okay... it’s okay..." Iris stared at her fingertips. 
"I want to be able to fight for my pack, not become a burden..." 
About that, Iris knew how it felt. Not long ago, she was also very desperate to be useful and not become a burden. To a certain level, Iris knew how Joel was feeling right now. 
However, suddenly Joel’s body stiffened, he stopped crying abruptly because he felt this strange sensation, as if someone blanketed his body with a warm and thick cloak. He pushed his body slightly away from Iris in confusion and saw these little lights, like fireflies that filled this room, only they were in the color of white. 
"Lu... luna..." Joel was shocked, he was not sure whether these lights were a good thing or not. "Wh- what is this? Go, luna! Leave the room!" 
His first instinct was to save Iris, just in case these little lights were harmful, but because he was not able to move, the only thing he could do was pushing Iris away from him as he nudged her toward the door. 
"Someone! Someone come! Please, save the Luna!" Joel became frantic when the white lights kept surrounding them. 
On the other hand, the seven warriors, who had been standing outside of the door, burst into the room and were flabbergasted to see what was going on. 
"What happened here!?" 
Because the bedroom was too small, only three of them could squeeze inside and watch what was going on. It was Eron, Dyne and Zephyr, they saw how the little lights filled the room like a drizzle of snowflakes and how terrified the tearful Joel looked. 
"Take the Luna away from this room!" He was not sure what was happening, but there was a high possibility that these lights could be a result of some dark magic or something dangerous and he was worried for his luna’s safety. 
Yet, Iris stopped them, she raised both of her hands and showed the fact that the lights came from her, leaving everyone there flabbergasted. 
"What is happening?" Dyne muttered under his breath. 
Aside from Eron, none of them had ever witnessed such a thing, as he remembered these were the same lights that the Luna had created in order to calm the spirits of the fallen warriors when they found her in the mountains. 
"It’s okay, it’s the Luna..." Eron immediately grabbed Dyne’s arm and pulled him back before he could disturb whatever Iris was trying to do right now. 
"What?" Zephyr was flabbergasted, while Joel stared at Iris and then at his surroundings with a deep confusion. 
"Lu- luna... what is going on?" Joel then fixed his eyes on Iris’ palms, around where the little lights gathered like fireflies. 
"What is happening here?" Kian asked, he poked his head inside, because he couldn’t squeeze his body inside and gasped loudly, causing the other three warriors to do the same thing. 
"What is that?!" 
"Are those luminous pearls?" 
"There is no way luminous pearls can float!" 
They were dumbstruck. 
"Be quiet and see!" Eron hissed at the other warriors, as they were being noisy and this could disrupt the Luna’s concentration. Hearing that, all of them immediately shut their mouths. 
"What is the Luna trying to do now?" Zephyr asked Eron in a very low voice, as he didn’t want to disturb Iris. 
"Just wait and see," Eron said with a big smirk on the corners of his lips, as if he knew what he was saying and what would happen, even though he was as clueless as the rest of them about Iris’ intentions. 
Frowning, Zephyr didn’t ask further and then fell quiet, waiting for what kind of miracle that the Luna was trying to do. Was she a magic user? How could she produce any light? Wasn’t she a runt? 
A lot of questions ran in their minds, but none of them was daring enough to voice it. Moreover, they were awed with this sight. Now that they knew it was not something harmful and this phenomenon actually came from the Luna, they could be at ease. 
On the other hand, Iris followed her instinct, what she did next was entirely based on the familiar feeling she felt from the first Serafim. Na must have done this countless times and this familiarity guided her. 
She felt the same sensation like when she squeezed Mason’s wolf spirit, only with the opposite feeling. 
With Mason, her intention was crystal clear that she wanted to kill him, but with Joel, it was a determination to heal him. 
In such a short moment, Iris could feel the pain and the wounds from the wolf spirit when she touched it and this time, she touched it very carefully and created these lights, she remembered what Lu said and tried to do it again. 
She was able to feel every light she had created, where she could control them and direct them toward Joel’s legs. 
Iris now stood up from the bed and then squatted down near Joel’s legs, as she rubbed her palms on them. 
"No! Luna! You can’t do that!" Joel started panicking when Iris touched his legs. Someone with high status like Iris shouldn’t lower herself to the ground in front of a mere warrior like him, if he still could call himself a warrior, let alone touch his legs. 
However, Iris couldn’t care less about that fact, she was solely focused on her task. The crease between her brows deepened and her blue eyes dimmed, as she concentrated to gather the lights around Joel’s legs, and when the blanket obscured her sight, she yanked it away, which made Joel freak out even more. 
"Why are you all just standing there and staring? Stop the Luna! It’s not right for her to touch my legs!" Joel shouted at the dumbfounded warriors in his bedroom.
###Chapter 539: THE PAIN AND TEARS
Chapter 539: THE PAIN AND TEARS
What Joel said snapped them out a little bit, as Dyne tried to tell Iris that it was not appropriate for her to do so to Joel. After all, he was a young man and was not a child. 
More so, touching someone else’s legs was something that was extremely inappropriate to do for someone with high status like Iris. 
"Luna, you need to stop this, you can’t touch his legs. It is not right for you to lower yourself to..." Yet, Zephyr stopped mid sentence swallowing whatever words he was going to say when Iris simply threw him a dagger look, as if telling him to shut his mouth. 
Receiving such a fierce look, no one of them dared enough to speak again, leaving Joel to deal with his dreadful feelings. 
"Please, stop it, Luna..." Joel was way more concerned about the fact Iris touched his legs rather than these mysterious little lights that surrounded his legs now. 
His legs were done for, whatever the Luna was doing to them, wouldn’t make it even worse, right? 
On the other hand, Iris tuned out Joel’s protests and how hard they stared at what she was doing, as she focused on the little lights she had created. She could feel Joel’s wounds and they were so severe. 
Even Grace’s healing power couldn’t help, let alone any medicine and herbs that Joel had been consuming ever since he got injured, in hopes it would help with his healing ability. 
However, the power that Iris had was different... 
Sweat started to drip from her forehead, as she tried to control her lights. It was so difficult, as she slipped a few times. Only after ten minutes had passed did she start to get a better grasp of them while Joel wouldn’t stop pleading with her to stop. 
The problem with Joel’s injuries was they were covered by a few traces of curse, since their enemies were under the influence of dark magic, that was also why, his healing ability got all messed up and if it was not for Grace’s healing power and the herbs he consumed, Joel’s legs would have gotten even worse than this. 
However, those two things didn’t help with his recovery. 
Therefore, the first thing that Iris had to do was to purify the dark magic within his system, which was not a difficult task for her to do so, since she was able to do it without even thinking of what to do, it just happened, just like how she purified those dark magic stones that Haco created and told her to practice on them to do the vice versa; not to purify the dark magic stone, which until now, Iris couldn’t do. 
Therefore, once her lights touched the traces of dark magic, they were instantly purified, which helped her tremendously, since she was still trying to figure out what she needed to do next. She did all of this based on her instinct alone. 
However, the side effect of it was, she became extremely tired an hour later. Once she had purified all the traces of dark magic within Joel’s system, she looked pale as sweat drenched her dress, until the fabric stuck to her skin uncomfortably. 
Meanwhile, all of them kept waiting, still dumbstruck by the magical things happening before their eyes. They had never seen this kind of magic before. 
Staring at the lights, weirdly, gave them a sense of security and calmness. 
"Wh- what now?" Kian asked, he tried to push down Asher’s head so he could get a better look at the inside of the room, as the four of them poked their heads from behind the door. 
What now? 
That was the same question that Iris wanted to ask. What now? After she got rid of all of the traces of dark magic, what would happen now? 
Iris stared at Joel’s wolf spirit, but there was no significant thing that happened. The wolf still looked so weak and fragile. 
"Luna, are you done? What have you been doing?" Eron immediately approached Iris and helped her to sit down on the only chair in this room. He looked curious, but at the same time, concerned about Iris’ condition, since she looked so pale. 
Iris wiped her sweat and then stared at Joel, who looked like he almost lost his soul. "The Alpha will kill me and you will be in trouble if he knew you touched my feet, Luna." 
Iris ignored that comment. She would have been dreadful if someone told her Cane would kill her a year ago, but not anymore. The thought of Cane killing her almost sounded ridiculous in her ears. 
"How do you feel?" Iris asked Joel, she leaned her body forward and stared at his legs again before she looked at his expression. "Can you... move your legs?" She was not sure about this question. 
Would it take more than one time for Iris to do it or no matter how many times she had done it, it would just be a waste of effort? She didn’t have any idea how to answer that. 
Joel stared at his legs, his eyes filled with concentration, but after some time, he shook his head sadly. "I am sorry, Luna. I am sorry to disappoint you," he said in a small voice. "I tried, but I can’t move my legs." 
This young warrior felt so bad when it was actually Iris, who had failed him, as if he didn’t try harder. 
The atmosphere in this room became somber instantly, they felt dejected with the result since they felt some hope that something miraculous could happen earlier, but now, it was a sealed deal. There was nothing they could do to save Joel’s legs. 
This fact hit Iris so hard. She really tried her best to hold back her tears. The fact that she gave them hope and then failed them made her want to vomit. 
The room felt so depressing and the silence that stretched was very heavy. 
However, out of nowhere, Zephyr shuffled toward the bed and stood near Joel’s legs, as he scratched his left calf. 
"Ah!" Joel screamed in pain when he felt that and watched blood drip from his calf, but soon after that, the wound healed pretty quickly. "What are you doing?" 
"You can feel that?" Zephyr asked. 
Only then the realization hit him. Grace had told Joel that he couldn’t feel his legs anymore because they were literally dead, but of course, the healer phrased it in a better way, so it wouldn’t sound so horrible. 
That was also the reason why his wounds couldn’t heal, because his healing ability around his legs had been completely ruined, since his legs were ’dead’. 
Yet, Joel could feel the scratch, no, Zephyr actually clawed at his calf and drew blood from it, but then the wound healed and he could feel the pain. 
"I... I can feel that..." Joel felt the words stuck in his throat. "Do it again!" He said in a trembling voice. 
"You want me to claw you again?" 
"Yes, deeper now." Joel’s whole body was shaking with this realization. It had been days since the last time he could feel anything on his legs and just a moment ago, he was struggling to come to terms that this would be his life from now on. "Do it!" 
"You want me to make a deeper incision?" Zephyr raised his brows, but the impatient young warrior wanted him to do it desperately. 
"Do it! Do it!" Joel felt his heart beating in his throat when he watched how Zephyr made a deeper incision and the pain shot to his brain, but despite the pain, he felt elated. "I can feel it! I can feel it!" Joel exclaimed as he watched the wound start to heal. "Luna! I can feel it!" 
Joel still couldn’t move his legs, but for him to be able to feel them was already great news. 
"Luna! Luna! Luna! You did it! I can feel my legs! I can feel the pain!" 
"Asher, call Grace to come here and check on him!" Zephyr immediately took over the situation, as Iris started crying. She covered her face with both of her palms, while Eron stood by her side and tried to calm her down. 
"Oh." Asher snapped back to reality and then nodded. "Right away." He then rushed toward the orphanage, where Grace could usually be found at this hour. 
"Luna! I can feel it!" Joel cried, he felt so overwhelmed when he could gradually feel his legs again. It felt like his legs had started to be part of his body again. "Luna! Thank you! Thank you!" 
Joel kept calling Iris, his voice sounded so cheerful and full of life, he was so grateful and Iris could hear the genuine feeling every time he called her name. 
Iris wiped her tears and when she saw Joel crying, she was about to hug him, to offer some comfort, she was too emotional right now and thought of Joel just like those little children in the orphanage, because he looked like them at this moment, as he sobbed so hard. 
However, Zephyr immediately inserted himself between them and hugged the young warrior first before Iris could do that. 
"Let’s hope this will be good news," Zephyr said, as he patted Joel’s back. 
They just needed Grace’s confirmation, whether this was a hope that they really needed or it was only a false alarm. 
Soon after, the healer came, but this time, she came with the Alpha as well, since he had been looking for his mate.
###Chapter 540: A RAW MOMENT AND NEW LIGHT
Chapter 540: A RAW MOMENT AND NEW LIGHT
Cane had been looking for Iris, but he couldn’t find her in the pack house, it seemed she didn’t return to the pack house after her visit to the dungeon. 
It bothered him because of the death of Mason. Not like he cared about that piece of crap, but the fact that Iris was there and he met his untimely death raised several questions in his head. 
However, he couldn’t find his mate anywhere. Thinking Iris might be in the orphanage to visit Hanna and Haco again, Cane immediately went there. 
But, on his way out to the orphanage, the Alpha met with Grace and Kian, only then he knew Iris went to the warrior quarters to meet with Joel. 
Grace herself just returned from the dungeon after checking on Mason’s body. His death had not yet been made known, thus Cane would talk with the healer in private. 
"There is no way Joel can feel his legs..." Grace muttered under her breath when she heard Kian’s explanation about the reason why she was being called over. It was not that she was pessimistic about his recovery, but she was sure there was nothing that could be done to make the poor young warrior walk again. 
If there was still hope, Grace would have been the first one to jump at the opportunity to heal him, since it was so devastating to see how life left Joel’s eyes slowly. 
"I am sure, I am sure, Zephyr clawed his calf and he was screaming in pain!" Kian told Grace enthusiastically. "Do you think there is hope for him to be able to walk again?" 
Grace didn’t answer that question immediately. "I need to check on him first before I can say anything." 
The three of them hastened their pace. 
Cane listened to what Kian said and said nothing. He knew Iris just discovered her power, so did he, though the lycan was still reluctant to give up the control, unless they were in a dangerous situation, where Iris was being harmed. 
Because right now, every time Cane was about to practice, he could feel how the lycan gave him a hard time. 
Soon after, they arrived in Joel’s bedroom but the other warriors were waiting outside, leaving Eron still inside to explain the situation. 
"Cane!" Iris immediately stood up and hugged her mate, she had been crying because she was very nervous dreading if she had done the right thing or she made things worse instead, somehow, she couldn’t stop thinking the worst thing that possibly could happen to Joel. 
Iris buried her face in his chest and she felt a little bit better in his arms. Everything would be alright. And her mind slightly calmed down when Cane kissed her head, while caressing her back. 
Meanwhile, Grace checked on Joel’s legs and Eron gave a rundown on what had transpired and how Iris produced the lights. Joel also helped with the details, as he looked so nervous, waiting for what Grace would say. 
However, as if they had a deal before this, there was this tacit understanding between them, where they left and forgot the details about how their luna touched Joel’s legs. The other six warriors, who poked their heads inside from behind the door to see the situation inside also didn’t say anything about that fact, as if this was something they had agreed upon beforehand. 
It was not good to tell such a thing to their alpha, especially after they saw how obsessed the Alpha could get with his mate. More so, they didn’t want to get punished again for letting something like that happen. 
"You look so pale." Cane frowned when he saw Iris’ face, he wiped her tears while still holding her. He listened to what Eron said and was aware of the importance of this moment for Joel, but he had never failed to pay more attention to his mate. 
"I am fine..." Iris sniffled, she turned her head and stared at Joel and Grace, while Cane fixed his eyes on her. 
The Alpha didn’t say anything, but it didn’t mean he would let it slide. He caressed her cheek and felt how cold her skin was, this didn’t make him happy at all. 
"So, how is it?" Joel asked Grace carefully. He held his breath. His heart was beating in his throat, waiting to hear what she was going to say. It was so nerve wrecking and he felt so overwhelmed with a lot of emotions raking his body. 
Grace frowned and then casted her own light, which had healing quality, she faced her palms toward Joel’s legs without touching them. "Try to move your legs," Grace instructed and all of them didn’t dare to breathe, as their focus was on Joel. 
The young warrior gritted his teeth and tried his best to move his legs. His brows creased deeply and his body was trembling, yet there was nothing. 
However, Joel didn’t give up, he tried even harder and... there was finally a twitch in his toe. He couldn’t move his legs, nor could he immediately use them, but the fact there was a response made all of the warriors there raise an uproar, as they roared in happiness. 
As the fellow warriors, they couldn’t imagine what Joel had to go through if he couldn’t walk again. It was their pride to keep the pack safe, but instead of fighting for the pack’s safety, they would be a burden for people around them if they got severely injured. That kind of reality was too harsh, especially to such a young man like Joel. 
"I think..." Grace lamented and all the warriors stopped roaring, everything became very silent, as they waited for what the healer would say. "I think there is hope... somehow, your legs started responding to my healing power. I think you will be fine..." 
Once again, there was an uproar from the six warriors outside of the bedroom, which gathered attention from the other warriors around, as they came to ask about what was going on. In the heat of the moment, they gladly told them about this good news and soon enough the words spread around about how Joel could walk again. 
Inside the bedroom, Joel cried and Eron hugged him. He had cried so much today, but he couldn’t care less about being teased later on. He didn’t know what to say and right now, he was only a fifteen year old young boy, who just escaped the clutches of death. 
Suddenly, his life was not so bleak anymore, in truth, everything looked so beautiful, even the dust that swirled in the rays of light looked so pretty. 
"Luna Iris, thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you for saving me..." Joel said between his sobs, as he tried to get down from his bed. 
Iris sobbed softly against Cane’s chest, while her mate tried to soothe her by holding her so tight. Iris felt so happy, she felt like she had accomplished something so big. She felt useful and for the first time, she felt so proud of herself. 
The feeling was so overwhelming and she couldn’t think what to say or how to react, aside from crying in her mate’s arms. She was very happy, she couldn’t describe it in words. 
"What are you doing?" Eron asked, he held Joel back, because he would fall from his bed. 
"I want to kiss Luna Iris’ feet. I don’t know how to thank her enough..." Joel said with determination in his shaking voice. 
All of them could understand why Joel would do that, if they were in his shoes, they would also do the same thing without thinking twice, especially when the feeling was so raw in this emotional moment. 
However, Iris was actually mortified to think someone else wanted to kiss her feet. 
"No, no, no. Don’t do that, I don’t want that!" Iris shook her head vigorously. "I am so happy for you, Joel and you deserve it. It will be a loss for this pack if it loses a warrior like you." 
Iris’ voice was so small, but they could still hear that. They could hear the genuine concern that their luna had for this young warrior, for this pack. How selfless she was and how sincere she was to help people around her. 
How could they miss this side of her? How could they be so blind to think she was the same as her father even for a moment? She was nothing like her father and Hanna had been screaming the fact in their ears for months now. Probably, it was them, who were deaf. 
Grace even lowered her head in shame as she remembered how she hated Iris in the beginning of their encounters. 
"But, I want..." Joel still insisted on showing his gratitude. 
But, Cane bent his body and lifted Iris in his arms, as he spoke lightly. "Take rest, Joel, and recover quickly, that’s how you can show how grateful you are for this chance." 
After saying that, Cane walked out of the bedroom, but he instructed Grace to come to his bedroom once she was done with Joel. 
Cane left with Iris, who buried her face in the crook of his neck, it seemed, the exhaustion finally caught up to her after she used such power. 
Wordlessly, Cane carried Iris to the pack house and sat her down on the edge of their bed. She was no longer crying, but her eyes were swollen while her cheeks were so red. She looked so adorable even after crying so much, but then her eyes widened when she saw what Cane was doing. 
"Cane?! What are you doing?!" 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 541: WISH
Chapter 541: WISH
Do you know a life of loneliness and one filled with pain, 
living a life with nothing to gain, 
Surrounded by darkness, overwhelmed with shame. 
A life without peace with no one to blame. 
Do you know of a place unseen, 
A place that holds only shattered dreams, 
A place filled with sorrow with no end in sight, 
I am given this gift each and every night. 
Do you know of a place so cold, 
This is the place I call my soul, 
A place without hope or comforting dreams, 
A life not worth living wouldn’t it seem. 
*** Do You Know. By: Michelle Boyd. *** 
Cane sat Iris down on the edge of the bed and reached out to her back to untie the strings behind her dress. He had done it a few times and now, he could say he already got a hang of it, thus there was no need to rip her dress anymore. Iris would complain every time he did that, especially to the dresses she liked. 
"Cane? What are you doing?!" Iris was taken aback when she was undressed so suddenly, she held on to the front of her dress to cover her chest. 
It was so different to be naked in front of him when they were in the throes of passion than when she was sober enough to feel self conscious. 
"You have saved one of my warriors’ lives, let me take care of you, Iris," Cane said. He bent his body and kissed the tip of her nose. He was a little bit upset to see how pale she was, but he kept his emotions in check. It was only his overly protective instinct that didn’t want her to be in this state. 
Thankfully, the Alpha was still rational enough not to scold her for not taking care of herself. Iris’ intention was so genuine, the aftermath of it was what Cane didn’t like. 
"You are sweating," Cane said gently. He tugged the dress lightly, but Iris still didn’t let go. 
"I- I can do it myself... I can call Aliana or Hanna to help..." Iris felt like she was going to melt under Cane’s intense gaze. 
"You have me here, why do you need them?" Cane bent his body and knelt before her. He traced his fingers on her exposed shoulders, which made Iris’ skin hum in delight. "Don’t be stubborn, take it off," Cane coaxed her and watched how his woman turned so red. "I have seen everything already, what are you embarrassed of?" 
"Yes... but, it’s because... it was necessary for us to take off our clothes... when you know... doing that." 
"Doing what?" 
Iris pursed her lips when she realized that Cane actually was trying to play a fool by asking that question. There was no way he didn’t know what she meant and when she lifted her head to look at him, she could see clear amusement dancing in his eyes. 
"Cane!" 
But, her protest was swallowed when Cane kissed her lips and pulled her up by holding her waist before he cradled her face to deepen the kiss. 
Iris was breathless and moaned when Cane squeezed her bottom lightly and pressed himself against her. She felt a little bit lightheaded when he sucked on her tongue and his hand left her face to squeeze her breast. 
She could feel how she became excited despite her exhaustion, but when she wondered whether she could take it further in her condition, Cane stepped back and their magical moment was cut short and before long, she found herself only in her undergarments, while her dress pooled around her ankles. 
"I am going to get a dress for you to change into," Cane said with a satisfied smirk on the corners of his lips. He actually smirked when he saw the disappointment in Iris’ eyes and then it turned into a mortified look the moment she realized what he was up to. 
"Cane!" Iris used her hair to cover her nakedness and then went to the bed in a rush to cover herself with a blanket, while Cane stared at her bottom when she turned around, her short legs poking out of the blanket, even from behind he could tell how annoyed she was. 
Cane approached her and put his arms beside her body, trapping her. "Don’t be so disappointed. You are on your period and tired, it will be too overwhelming for you." 
"I am not!" Iris looked mortified, knowing Cane could tell how aroused she was. Ugh. 
As if Cane could tell what was in her mind, he kissed her cheek and whispered in her ear. "Don’t worry, Grace’s concoction worked. No one can tell that you are aroused." 
"But, you can!" Iris looked like she was going to cry out of embarrassment when she pointed out that fact. 
"Of course," Cane said lightly and nibbled on her earlobe, which made Iris push him away. 
"No!" She covered her ears and pulled the blanket over her head, as Cane chuckled and showed some mercy on her. He finally moved away to get her the said dress. 
Grace had given her a concoction that she just needed to take three times. It could suppress the smell of her arousal, but somehow, Cane still managed to sense it. It was faint, but the scent was still there. 
Not long after and before Cane could dress his mate, Grace arrived and the Alpha let her in, because he didn’t want to delay Iris’ check up. 
"Are you feeling cold, Luna?" Grace asked when she approached Iris, who was still covering her body with the blanket. 
Iris’ eyes widened when she saw Grace. She knew the healer came, but she thought Cane would let her dress properly first before he let her in. 
"No, I am fine," Iris said in a small voice, as she gave Cane a look when she saw him behind Grace, holding a clean dress. 
"Let me check on you. Please, give me your hand," Grace said, though she was a little bit baffled about why the Luna was covering her whole body with the blanket in the middle of the day. 
Iris slid her left hand out of the blanket, while the healer sat down next to her. The latter was clueless about the situation, since she didn’t see the Alpha behind her, holding the dress with his arms crossed in front of his chest, as he leaned his tall body against one of the bed poles. 
"Luna, how did you do that? How can you heal Joel?" Grace asked with curiosity, as she held her hand and checked on the Luna. There was not much she could do, since her healing power didn’t really work on her. 
"I just purified the traces of black magic..." Iris recalled and then told Grace what she had done. 
On the other hand, Grace listened attentively, she knew a few things like how Iris actually could do some magic and aside from her ability to detect the magic stones and black magic, she could do a few things with her unheard of power. 
From what Grace heard, Iris was able to see the spirits of people who had died, but this information had not yet been confirmed and she didn’t dare to ask her about it bluntly. 
"I wonder how you can get such great power, Luna, and only recently you figured it out," Grace said. 
"How is she?" Cane asked. 
It was very subtle, but Grace immediately knew that she had asked too much and the answer to her question was something that she didn’t need to know. 
The healer immediately remembered her position and cleared her throat to tell Cane that Iris was fine, she was only exhausted. 
"I will make a concoction and she will be fine." 
"Will it be alright for her to leave for the long journey tomorrow?" 
Tomorrow, they were leaving for the Silver River pack and Cane didn’t want Iris to get sick on their way there. 
"If she rests well, she will be fine tomorrow." Grace’s eyes fell on something that the Alpha was holding and then she blushed when she put two and two together. "Alpha, please refrain yourself, the Luna is in dire need of rest. You can’t exhaust her." 
"Okay," Cane replied without any emotions, while Iris felt like she wanted to cry. Grace knew about their intimate life more than she wanted her to. 
"Don’t... bother her either, Alpha," Grace added. She felt like she needed to help the Luna by warning the Alpha not to touch her for a while, since she knew how it would end if they really did the deed and with Iris’ current state, she wouldn’t be able to take it. 
"Okay." Cane nodded flatly. 
And after that, Grace left to make a concoction for Iris. 
Once it was only the two of them, Cane approached Iris with her dress. "Come. Kick off the blanket." 
Knowing Cane wouldn’t budge with his decision to take care of her, Iris put away the blanket and now she became a little bit docile when her mate helped her get dressed. 
But, once Cane was done, he bent his knees and knelt down before her. This was not the first time he did this, but it was still unsettling for Iris to see him in this position. 
It was unheard of for an alpha to bend down in front of someone else, unless that person was the King, not even their mate, since in this chaotic world, the only difference from a destined mate and the mistress was the favor of the Alpha, which meant, someone with status like Cane shouldn’t have done this gesture so casually, even to his own mate. 
"Iris, I want you to grant my wish." 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 542: FIND A WAY TO COME BACK TO ME
Chapter 542: FIND A WAY TO COME BACK TO ME
"I have not yet told you about my wish, Iris." Cane kissed her knuckles, while kneeling down in front of her. His heart was so heavy, since he still found it difficult to talk about what he felt and what was in his mind. 
It had always been easier to give an order, instead of being so vulnerable by letting the other person know what he actually felt. In Cane’s world, showing your emotions so openly was a forbidden thing to do. 
Yet, here Cane was, trying to tell her how much he wanted her. 
"Wish?" Iris frowned. She completely forgot about it. 
Cane chuckled lightly. "I won, remember?" 
Only then Iris remembered what Cane meant with that. She pursed her lips. "You tricked me, how can you call that a victory?" 
"I won and you will grant me my wish, right?" Cane emphasized this, he looked casual and almost like he was being playful, but looking at the way he looked at his mate, one could say he meant every word he said. 
"What do you wish me to do?" It was clear to see that Iris only kept up a pretense to be still a little bit annoyed by it, though in truth, she would do anything for him. Anything... 
Cane’s expression hardened when he was about to say it, even his grip on her hands tightened. It was hard to talk heart to heart with someone when his heart had been so hard for a long time, because he had closed his heart for so long, until he thought he had lost it. 
But this auburn haired woman changed that. She made her way into his heart and it started beating for her. Before, Cane thought he had expressed himself enough and there was no way he was able to care for her more than that, but it was proven wrong. He was proven wrong. 
Because in every second of his existence, his heart grew and every kindness Iris showed to him and also how much she cared for everyone around her, made him realize he couldn’t lose her. 
If in the past he took her as his mate for his pack, right now, he could lose his pack and everything as long as he had her. 
This feeling was so foreign and Cane was having a hard time articulating it into words, but he desperately wanted Iris to know how much she meant to him. 
"Iris," Cane called her name very gently, as if he struggled to convey a lot of emotions by simply calling her name and Iris always loved hearing his voice, especially with her name on his lips. "No matter what the circumstance. No matter what happens and what will happen..." Cane clenched his jaw. 
Iris stared at Cane because she had never seen him being so emotional like this. He had shown his affection toward her in public, though one of the reasons he did that was because he wanted to show them how much he favored her and another was because that action was part of his plan. 
Iris wouldn’t say Cane was not genuine with his affection toward her, but still, there was an ulterior motive behind it. It was Cane hitting two birds with one stone kind of situation. 
However, there was something different about this moment, the emotions that Cane showed to her were so raw and he looked so vulnerable, even though there was nothing that changed. He didn’t even cry or say something heartfelt, but Iris could feel it in her heart. 
"...Don’t leave me." 
That was the only thing he wanted. He didn’t want her to leave him, no matter what. Call him selfish and whatnot. That even after all the wrong things he had done to her, he still had this audacity to expect her to stay with him in spite of everything. 
"I am not going anywhere, Cane." Iris leaned over to kiss the tip of his nose, a habit she clearly picked up from him. She was a little bit confused with this request. She didn’t show any indication that she was going to leave him, right? So, why did he think that way? 
Cane shook his head. "Even if you were forced to leave and we were separated, please find a way to come back to me." 
Iris didn’t understand at first, but then she realized what Cane meant. It was Rei. That mysterious man’s appearance still bothered him. 
What Iris didn’t realize was the extent of it and now it all made sense. How Cane put a lot of personal warriors around her and even added Aliana, so she would be by her side and do something the other seven warriors couldn’t. 
How Cane was a little bit clingy, no, he became so clingy and overprotective and possessive recently. He even started to wake up in the middle of the night when Iris made a slight move in her sleep. 
He hugged her tighter and kissed her deeper. 
Rei bothered him so much because once he managed to take Iris, he would be clueless how to get to him, since he had zero information on that mysterious man. 
Cane couldn’t care less about what happened in the past, between the first Serafim, Lu and Rei. That was not his story. 
Not to mention how fast Rei could move while even the lycan couldn’t match his speed. He could take Iris under his nose and there was nothing he could do to catch him. 
The thought... scared Cane more than he wanted to admit it. 
’Please, find a way to come back to me...’ 
The words echoed in Iris’ mind and she could see the look in Cane’s eyes when he said that. 
Iris smiled softly and kissed the tip of his nose again. "I am not going anywhere, Cane. I will always be by your side, unless you don’t want me anymore." Iris could feel his grip tighten and before he could say anything about her last sentence, she pecked on his lips. "I love you, Cane and I will find a way to come back to you no matter how far apart we are." 
==================================== 
Nala immediately covered herself after Lou was done with her, because she knew how the scar on her breast bothered the merchant. 
Ever since that night, Nala had been staying inside Lou’s room or his tent whenever he went to the mountains to install the magical device around the Howling Wolf pack. 
Sometimes, the merchant would go straight to the bed and ignore her, but in rare times, he would make an effort to talk with her, probably because he didn’t have someone to talk to aside from Sabian, but in even rarer moments, he would use her body to satisfy his needs. 
The last was not something Nala would complain about, since she used to do that in order to survive, whether it was in the palace or somewhere else, having a man with power would guarantee her safety. 
Thankfully, the merchant was not as twisted as the King, so the love making was not as painful and Nala actually quite enjoyed it. 
She changed so much, knowing how she was alone now and under the mercy of this merchant. She couldn’t afford to make him displeased with herself, because then, she would have nowhere to go then. 
"Why is your scar not healed yet?" Lou was laying down on the bed lazily and his red cloak was discarded on the floor. Nala tidied up herself before picking up the cloak and hanging it, so it wouldn’t be dirty for him to wear it later. 
"Uhm. Probably because of the silver," Nala said, she had her head low, she felt so embarrassed every time she saw herself and this scar. The King really left a mark on her. "Silver will leave a scar on shifters... but, I think it will heal over time, it only takes a little bit longer," Nala hastily added, because she was afraid Lou would discard her. 
She stole a peek at the merchant, who was still naked on the bed. Currently, they were in the pack house and Nala had not yet taken a step out of this room. It was Sabian, who would deliver her meals, or else, she would be starved. 
"Get me that chest," Lou said, pointing his finger at a big chest on the table. He looked too lazy to get it by himself, even though it was closer to him. Nala obliged, she went to get the chest, it was pretty heavy and she stumbled when she carried it. "Sit." Lou nodded at the spot next to him and he started to rummage the chest. 
Nala stole a peek inside the chest and found there were so many bottles that she couldn’t recognize. 
"Where is that...?" Lou muttered to himself, scratching his head, annoyed because he couldn’t find what he wanted quickly. "Ah! Here!" 
Lou fished out a small bottle with black liquid inside of it and handed it over to Nala. 
"What is this?" Nala stared at the bottle in her hand, it felt so cold and the dark color looked so ominous. 
"Poison, drink it," Lou said with a flat expression. 
"Wh- what?" Nala was so shocked her eyes widened, as she threw the bottle back at him. 
"Hey!" Lou protested, as he picked up the bottle and waved it in front of her. "This is an expensive item, what if you broke it? Do you have money to pay me?"
"You want to kill me with expensive poison?" 
"I was just joking, okay?" Lou rolled his eyes. "Why can’t you take a joke?" 
Who would joke like that?! 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 543: THE PEACEFUL NIGHT
Chapter 543: THE PEACEFUL NIGHT
Nala knew this merchant was a little bit... out of ordinary, but his sense of humor was something that she couldn’t comprehend at all. His jokes could be so dark and he would say them with a straight face, which would make the other people think he was serious about what he was saying. 
"How can I take that as a joke? Who would make jokes like that?" Nala felt her heart almost stop beating. 
"I would." 
Nala took a deep breath and stared at the little bottle in Lou’s hand, which he played between his fingers. "What is that?" 
"Hair tonic," Lou replied nonchalantly, as he leaned his back against the pillow and raised the bottle in his hand, as the light from the luminous pearls glinted off of it. 
"Lou!" 
"For your breasts. So, they will get bigger. They are too small for my liking." 
"Lou!" Nala felt so embarrassed. No one had ever talked like that about her.
Finally, Lou shifted his attention toward Nala and tilted his head, as he dropped the bottle back into her hands. He looked lazy and bored. "This is for your scar. This is very expensive, so if you break it, I will send you to a brothel to work in order to pay me back. Don’t throw it away again." 
Nala looked so hurt with the way Lou threatened her, but it was not something that she couldn’t endure. She had gone through worse and if she could say, the way she lived in the palace was no different from a brothel. The only difference was; the men there were of high status, but their morale was on the same level as those men, who came to the brothels. 
That was why Nala was genuinely attracted to Alpha Cane. Despite her mission from the King, she really wanted to know why the Alpha didn’t even take a second glance at her or any other woman. 
However, when she heard Alpha Cane got another woman pregnant, she started to think that man was not as loyal as she thought he would be. 
"I don’t want to wear that red cloak, I want the other red one," Lou said and then pushed the chest back to Nala, telling her to put it back where she picked it up. "Don’t make a noise, I want to sleep." 
Lou turned his back to her and closed his eyes, still naked. His skin was so pale for a man, as if he had never been exposed to the sunlight for too long. Without the cloak, he was actually quite skinny for a man and had no muscles, since he was not a shifter and didn’t do physical labor. 
However, surprisingly, he was pretty strong despite his appearance, Nala couldn’t even get away when he held both of her hands down by using only one hand. 
"But, all of your cloaks are red," Nala said, yet received no answer. He must have fallen asleep. 
Sighing, Nala took the chest and put it back on the table. It was so heavy! And then stared at the little bottle with the ominous liquid, she opened the lid and smelled it. 
She scrunched her nose because the smell was so strong and she was still suspicious this was poison. 
But then, Lou spoke casually. "That’s not for you to drink, you need to apply it on your scar. Don’t drink it if you don’t want to die." 
Now Nala was speechless. Why wouldn’t he say it earlier? What if she had tasted it? This merchant was too much! 
============================= 
"Are you sleeping?" Sofia asked Redmond in a small voice. It was in the middle of the night and she couldn’t fall asleep, because her back was literally killing her. 
Before when it happened, Redmond would press a hot towel against her lower back and it helped, though his nonstop complaints would give her a headache, she thought she could endure his rambling. 
"What do you want?" Redmond asked, he didn’t even open his eyes, as he turned his body to the other side. He had been sleeping on the couch every night and refused to sleep on the same bed with Sofia when she suggested it. 
’I am used to moving around so much in my sleep, I don’t want to kill the baby in case I hit and kick your stomach by chance.’ 
That was what Redmond said while grumbling about how uncomfortable the couch was. 
"My back is in pain again, can you help me?" Sofia asked, grimacing because she was having a hard time doing anything the bigger her stomach got. She got tired so easily and this was so frustrating. "Redmond..." she nudged his arm. "I can’t reach my back..." 
"Why are you so annoying?!" Redmond glowered, but he actually got up and went to the kitchen to boil water. 
Seeing that, Sofia bit her lips to prevent herself from smiling. She was still in denial that the baby in her stomach was not the Alpha’s, but recently, she didn’t to the idea of Redmond being the man who slept with her that night. 
This man was so harsh and every time he spoke, he was either grumbling or saying something annoying, but he would find a way to make her feel better and help her with this pregnancy, even though he found this troublesome. 
Redmond was not an alpha and was a mere warrior from the Blue Moon pack, but even at his worst, he was way nicer and more helpful than Alpha Gallot had ever been. 
Back in the Moon Dew pack, once a mistress got pregnant, the Alpha would stop visiting them, since he couldn’t get physical with them, Alpha Gallot would only come when they gave birth. If it was a son, he would probably spend some time with the baby, but if it was a girl, he wouldn’t care much, until they were five or six years old, where he could play father with them. 
"Take off your dress," Redmond said harshly, as he held the warm towel in his hand. 
"You can ask me nicely, you know." Sofia’s smile fell, but she took off her dress in front of him, which made him groan. 
"Damn it! Why is there no brothel here?" Redmond grumbled. "You should ask Maria to sleep over and help you with this, I am not comfortable seeing you all naked." 
"What? A naked pregnant woman makes you uncomfortable?" Sofia hated it when he mentioned going to a brothel. 
"Because I am horny!" Redmond carped. 
Because the pack didn’t have any brothels, he couldn’t vent his frustrations and Jace had been keeping his eyes on him and deflecting his moves whenever he tried to get one of the Howling Wolf pack’s women to his bed. 
Redmond couldn’t comprehend how those men could stay celibate for such a long time. Was there something wrong with their minds? 
============================== 
"You killed Mason," Cane stated lightly, as he traced his fingers mindlessly on her back. 
Both of them were lying on the bed, savoring this moment without saying anything, but it was already enough. They felt content by only being so close to each other, as if their hearts could be in peace no matter how chaotic the world would be tomorrow. 
Iris didn’t answer that, but she buried her face in his chest, feeling guilty for some reason. 
"Did you kill him by killing his wolf spirit?" From the information Cane gathered from Grace, it was a sudden death. The external injuries were not the cause of it. It was almost like he simply met his demise naturally. 
Iris still didn’t say anything, she curled her body, as if by doing so, Cane wouldn’t notice her there, but her silence was a solid answer for Cane. 
However, when Cane didn’t say anything anymore, Iris lifted her head and stared at him. "Are you upset that I killed him?" 
Cane shook his head. "Why would I be?" 
"You kept him alive for a reason..." Iris thought there was a reason why Cane kept Mason alive, probably there was a secret or some question that he wanted to ask him, but she ruined it. 
"I kept him alive because I don’t want him to have an easy death. I hope you made his death so painful. Death is an easy way out for someone like him," Cane said truthfully. 
Iris thought about that for a while. "I wish I didn’t kill him right away..." she muttered under her breath and this made Cane chuckle. "What?" 
"I have never thought that I will have a discussion about killing someone with you one day." Cane pulled Iris closer, as if he wanted to be one with her. "I can’t even say this is progress." 
"Is it bothering you that I killed someone?" Iris killed Jemma indirectly by letting Will deliver the punishment, but with Mason, it was different. She killed him with her own hands. 
"No." Cane stared into her deep blue eyes. She was genuinely worried about the way he perceived her. "I am glad you can make your own call and it doesn’t bother you as much." 
As much as Cane wanted Iris to stay pure and na?ve, he knew it wouldn’t do any good for them in the long run. In a way, he felt like he had corrupted her. 
"Cane... actually..." Iris tried to find the right words to tell him about her feelings. "I felt a little bit... satisfied when I killed him. I felt liberated... Is it normal for me to feel this way? I even went ahead and thought of doing something horrendous to Kellan as well," Iris admitted, feeling a bit shameful.
###Chapter 544: THE CHAOTIC MORNING
Chapter 544: THE CHAOTIC MORNING
"Is it wrong for me to think like that?" Iris asked him, staring at her mate. She was afraid he would see her differently, yet Cane didn’t seem to be bothered by her revelation at all as he caressed her head lovingly. 
"I too used to wish for a few horrendous things to happen to my enemies, Iris. Do you think it’s wrong for me to think of hurting people who have hurt me?" Cane asked her back, knowing what was in her mind. Iris had always been the one to talk about her feelings and what was on her mind and she set an example for Cane that it was alright to be vulnerable with each other. 
"No..." Iris replied after some contemplation. 
"Then there is nothing wrong with you, Iris. We are living beings with a lot of emotions, not some puppets without any feelings. Hatred, love, jealousy and whatnot, they are all just part of the fact that we feel something and that’s a good thing." Cane leaned over and kissed her lips. He nibbled a little bit longer, and Iris liked it when he kissed her and he did it often these days. "You need to start worrying if you don’t feel anything and it will be even stranger if you don’t hate people, who have hurt you to such an extent." 
Iris pulled away and stared at Cane, her expression was serious, but she looked adorable in his eyes. "Don’t you think I became a little bit... evil?" 
Cane chuckled. "I still remember what you said."
"What?" Iris tilted her head. 
"’Being close to such a dark influence, blackens me too.’" Cane quoted the thing she said in the past and it surprised Iris that he still remembered it. "If you became a little bit evil, then it must be because I am the one who rubbed it on you." 
Iris scrunched her nose, but she felt easier now that she talked with him. Cane always found a way to make her feel better, whether it was through his actions or words. 
"Sleep, Iris. We have a long journey tomorrow." Cane pressed Iris’ head against his own chest and hugged her to sleep. 
Iris snuggled closer to him. No matter how close they were, it felt like it was not enough. They wanted to be closer than this. 
A small smile tugged the corners of Iris’ lips up, as she heard how strong Cane’s heart was beating. She felt so blissful to be able to hear that, as the sound of it lulled her to sleep. 
The night went quietly and when the morning came, the first thing Iris saw was Aliana, who was smiling at her playfully. 
"Good morning!" She said loudly, which made Iris frown and stare at the other side of the bed, but Cane was long gone. "The Alpha was up two hours back and he said to let you sleep, not to wake you up." 
Iris rubbed her eyes and yawned. "You have been here for two hours?" 
"Yes. The Alpha asked someone to wake me up very early in the morning," Aliana grimaced, she felt like Cane did that as a punishment for taking Iris to the tavern, though it was pretty mild compared to what the others got. 
"What did you do for two hours?" Iris widened her eyes. She felt a little bit off to know someone stared at her while she was sleeping. 
"Trying not to fall asleep," Aliana replied bitterly. 
Meanwhile, Cane was in his study room. He needed to take care of a few things before he left for the Silver River pack. Because there were so many warriors that had died during the battle, he had arranged for the warriors from the Riverside pack to stay back in the Howling Wolf pack and help guard the territory. 
Somehow, there was no monster attack and it was probably because of the lycan. 
Cane figured out the lycan could control the monsters, but then he still couldn’t understand why there was a monster attack during one of the new moons when they were still in the Blue Moon pack, where it could put Iris in grave danger and why the lycan did not simply command the monsters to back off. 
Lu didn’t talk to him anymore, he went back to lying dormant and refused to say anything, unless he let him out, which would never happen if it was up to Cane to decide. 
There was a knock on the door and Cane told the other person to enter the room. It was Jace with a young girl around the age of seventeen. She looked flustered and wary to be in the presence of the Alpha. 
"G- good morning, Alpha," Carla said in a small voice, she didn’t dare to look the Alpha in the eyes, because of how domineering he was. 
"Is that the girl you mentioned before?" Cane asked Jace. 
"Yes. She is young, but she is a quick learner, she used to work under Aliana and take care of the orphanage," Jace replied. There was this slight frown between his brows when he spoke again. "Are you sure you are going to do this?" 
Cane didn’t answer that question, but instead he gave an order. "Bring Kaz here." 
It didn’t take long before the head steward entered the study room. He looked a little bit better, though he was still trying to wrap his head around the idea that it was actually the Luna who had asked for his freedom and not the Alpha, who had forgiven him. 
"Alpha..." Kaz called Cane politely, he had his head hung low, but he glanced at Carla. What was she doing here? 
People knew Carla as someone who had worked with Aliana in the orphanage, but aside from that, they didn’t really know this young girl, as she didn’t really socialize with people in the pack house. 
Carla had a small and round face with her black hair tied up into a simple bun on top of her head. She had freckles on her nose and cheeks, which made her look lovely. 
"I don’t have time for a long explanation." Cane started, he stood up from his seat and walked toward them. He stared at Kaz and the head steward lowered his head even more, afraid. There was something different with the way Cane looked at him. 
The Alpha almost felt like he was suppressing his wrath. 
"Kaz, you are going to teach Carla everything that you know about your job and after six months, you can retire. Jace will supervise the progress and I hope you will not mess this one up. This will be my last order for you." 
Kaz and Carla were shocked to hear the decision, but Kaz was the one who wailed his complaint. "Alpha! I still can work for another decade! Why do you want me to retire?!" 
Cane raised his hand to tell Kaz to stop complaining before directing his gaze toward Carla. Kaz wanted to intervene and continue voicing his grievances, but he didn’t dare. 
"Will you take the responsibility and learn quickly how to take care of the pack house?" 
It shouldn’t be hard for Carla to learn how to take care of the pack house since she used to take care of the orphanage. 
"Yes, Alpha," Carla replied hastily. She was not sure if she had a choice to say ’no’, but agreeing with the Alpha was the right thing to do at this moment. More so, how could she turn down a direct order from the Alpha when she didn’t even have the courage to look him in the eyes? It would be a wonder she could stand without trembling in his presence one day. 
"Good." Cane nodded. "Jace, you can show her her room in the pack house." 
Now that the orphanage was being managed by Hanna and Will, Carla could fill another role to contribute to the pack. More so, it was some kind of promotion for her to be able to manage the pack house, despite her young age. 
"Come with me," Jace said to Carla, leaving Cane and Kaz alone. 
"Alpha, can you tell me what I have done so wrong until you want to kick me aside?" Kaz had tears in his eyes when he spoke, his voice was hoarse and he felt like someone just punched him in the gut. 
"I am not kicking you aside, I have a nice house outside of the pack house prepared for you." Cane walked toward Kaz. "I thank you for what you have done for the pack, but it’s time you quit." 
"Alpha!" Kaz fell to the ground. He had been taking care of the pack house for almost his whole life and it was something he was proud of, this was part of his life, thus when it was taken from him and he needed to live by letting someone fill his role, the feeling was way worse than when the Alpha sent him to spend his days in the dungeon. "If this is about something that I have done to Luna Iris, I will apologize to her. I will make it up to her. I will do anything to make her comfortable!" 
Cane stared at Kaz, while he rambled about all the right things he was going to do, but the more he didn’t get any reaction, the more he realized, it was a futile attempt to convince the Alpha to change his decision. 
"You disappointed me so much, Kaz, to the point I don’t want to look at you," Cane finally spoke, once Kaz stopped and his words were akin to a dagger that seared his heart deeply.
###Chapter 545: THE CHAOTIC MORNING (2)
Chapter 545: THE CHAOTIC MORNING (2)
"You disappointed me so much, Kaz, to the point I don’t want to look at you," Cane finally spoke, once Kaz stopped and his words were akin to a dagger that seared his heart deeply. "You degraded my luna so much, I feel like I want to banish you from the pack if it’s not for your contribution all this time." 
"Alpha, you misunderstood the situation... when did I degrade the Luna? I will not dare to do so." Kaz was tearful and Cane’s eyes darkened. 
"Should I start with the way you talk to her? Or should I start with the way you rally people behind you to create a hateful image about my mate?" Cane’s figure towered above Kaz’s right now and the old steward looked so dreadful, as the Alpha’s domineering nature overwhelmed him. "That’s an act of betrayal, Kaz." 
Hearing that, Kaz shook his head vigorously, feeling very dreadful when Cane saw it in such a way. "I will never do something like that, Alpha! I will never betray you!" 
Cane didn’t answer that, he let him ramble again, explaining things incoherently. He just waited for him to stop before he spoke with finality, because he knew there was no end to this conversation and even if he pointed out all the things that he had done wrong, Kaz would never see his errors, since he didn’t see himself in the wrong, so it was just a futile conversation in the end. 
"Iris is the Luna of the pack and she is my mate, my equal. The offenses you committed against her are the same as you offending me and you feel no remorse for that, Kaz." 
"Alpha..." Kaz looked so pitiful. "I can’t. I can’t see her that way... she is Gerald’s daughter and I can’t see her without being reminded of what her father had done to us!" Kaz said with bitterness. 
"Even after everything she had done for us?" 
"I know, it’s so wrong to hold her accountable for what her father has done, but... I still can’t accept Gerald’s daughter as the Luna of the pack..." Kaz admitted it openly. The pain of their slavery had engraved too deep inside him and it was hard for him to let it go. 
Every time he saw Iris, he felt like he saw Gerald guffawing at them for taking his blood as the Luna of the pack, even after the fall of the Blue Moon pack. This was something that Kaz couldn’t accept. 
That was why when Sofia came claiming she was pregnant with the Alpha’s child, he welcomed her with open arms, no questions asked. 
"That’s more than enough a reason why I don’t want you to be around anymore, Kaz. You are full of hatred and it didn’t help that you spread hatred among the people to go against my luna." 
Kaz lowered his head, he felt so bitter with the way Cane defended Iris. 
"Teach Carla everything and then retire, Kaz. Enjoy your time. This will be my last order." 
Being abandoned like this was even worse than being subjected to torture for Kaz. "Alpha, what do you see in her? She didn’t have anything to give to you, aside from the Blue Moon pack." Kaz gritted his teeth and balled his fists when he spoke again. "She can’t even produce an heir for you after almost a year of being together. Her runt body must not able to carry a child." 
The moment Kaz finished his words, he wailed in pain, as he held the right side of his face, where blood dripped from the wounds on his cheek. 
The pain rendered him speechless, but what shocked him even more was the fact Cane had just attacked him. The Alpha had just clawed his face and this rattled him to the bone. The Alpha actually attacked him! 
He would have never thought, the Alpha would hurt him and attack him as if he was an enemy. 
"Kaz, I will not tolerate anyone who talks trash about my mate. Not even you." Cane narrowed his eyes dangerously, as an unadulterated murderous aura exuded from his body. "You should know better than to test my limits." 
His eyes were so vicious and fathomless, as if you could be swallowed into the darkness if you stared a bit too long. 
Cane was trying to suppress his killing intent, but even so, Kaz was still able to feel it and this shook him to the core. 
"Al- alpha..." Kaz wailed. Instinctively, he moved away from Cane, afraid for his life. 
"Leave, Kaz. This will be the last time I see you." Cane’s voice was so deep and his whole body was trembling. It was so rare to see him so angry, and even more scarce for him to attack his own people, especially someone as old as Kaz, who definitely couldn’t defend himself if the Alpha really wanted to kill him. 
Kaz had tears in his eyes when he stood up, his wounds had healed, leaving only a trace of blood on his face, but his heart ached so badly with the way he was being treated. 
Yet, as a matter of fact, there was no middle ground for this matter when the old steward refused to own up to his mistakes and see how he was in the wrong. 
That would be a pointless argument and Cane didn’t have any desire to waste his time with him. 
It was a pity that the relationship between them had to end on a bad note, but then Cane wouldn’t have trouble sleeping knowing Kaz deserved it. What he said and also the way he treated his mate was way worse than getting a mere claw on the face. What Kaz did cut Iris so deep and it was Cane’s fault not to see it until it was too late. 
As Cane tried to control his anger, the flashes of Iris’ outburst that day resurfaced in his mind, he could feel the rage of the lycan as well to see how upset and helpless she was. 
============================== 
Iris and Aliana, also the seven warriors, were in the front yard, along with the other warriors and a few people, who would come with them. 
In addition, there was this little girl, Celia, who would come with them, as she would accompany Haco. It would give them time together as well before the sorcerer’s health started to get worse and he completely forgot about everything. 
And also Joel. He came with them too because Iris wanted to keep her eyes on him and more so, since Grace was among the entourage, there would be no progress in his recovery if he was left behind, because the two people who could help him would be away for who knew how long. 
The young warrior’s spirit looked great, he started to joke with the other warriors. Though he was still not able to walk, he could move his little toe a little bit more every day. He was very positive and optimistic that he could walk again and what made him happier was that he still held the status of the warrior of the Howling Wolf pack. 
"Do you think Ethan likes Aliana?" Iris frowned when she saw the interaction between the two of them, both of them teased each other and the way the Gamma stared at Aliana was so different. 
Both Aliana and Ethan were slightly far from Iris, but she still could hear their conversation, since they talked so loud and the way they interacted with each other was so natural. 
Amee chuckled when she heard Iris’ question. "All of the people in the pack know Ethan likes Aliana, even though he didn’t admit it, he didn’t directly deny it either."
"Really?" Iris raised her brows in surprise. "I just realized it now." She felt so bad to miss this information. "What about Aliana?" 
"I think she thinks of him as her little brother." Hanna chimed in, she was there to see her missy off, since she wouldn’t go on this journey, but she was glad Aliana was going instead. 
"Yes, unfortunately, Aliana didn’t think the same way." Amee added. "She always said Ethan was too young for her." 
"What is their age difference?" If Iris was not mistaken, Ethan was twenty five or twenty six this year, depending on what month he was born. 
"Aliana is thirty," Amee replied. 
"I am older than Will by three years," Hanna said, she remembered that Will was younger than her. 
Thinking up here, Iris started to think about the age difference between herself and Cane and it was twelve years! She had never really thought about it before, since Cane didn’t look that old. Well, to be fair, shifters aged differently. 
"They became closer in the third year of the slavery when Ethan was traumatized by the savages and Aliana lost her mate and also her baby almost at the same time." Amee looked so sad when she recalled that moment. "I think they became closer because they resorted to the same way to cope up with the situation." 
Both Ethan and Aliana looked so free and easy going. People, who didn’t know them well, wouldn’t be able to imagine what they had gone through. 
But, it was a pity, Aliana made it very clear from day one that she didn’t see Ethan in such a way. 
"I think they look good with each other," Iris voiced her opinion. 
"I think the same," Hanna chimed in. 
"Nah, I don’t agree with that." 
All of them turned their heads and found Lou had been standing not too far from them without them noticing his presence. 
Only, Iris’ attention fell on the white furball that rushed toward her instead.
###Chapter 546: THE TRAITOR
Chapter 546: THE TRAITOR
Lil Thing had been roaming around the pack and would end up at the orphanage frequently, where he would then be taken into custody by the children there, as they loved it. Of course, the furball couldn’t shake them off and ended up as their plaything. 
Meanwhile, its owner didn’t really care about it. 
On the other hand, the warriors were dumbstruck to see how this white furball could be so docile with little children, despite witnessing how ferocious this creature was in the last battle. It could be said, this bear killed more of their enemies than them. But, it didn’t even extend its claws when the children climbed on top of its body. 
"It’s okay," Iris said, as she walked forward when Zephyr tried to shield her from Lil Thing. She extended her hand and caressed its head, as it whined against her touch, as if complaining. 
Even though it was proven that Lil Thing was harmless to children, Zephyr had witnessed the feral side of this white furball, so out of instinct and duty, he needed to step forward and protect Iris. 
"It’s okay, that furry creature is fine," Eron said to Zephyr, as he handed over another chest for him to put inside the carriage. "The one you need to pay close attention to is that merchant." 
The Alpha had emphasized to not let Iris engage with the sorcerer as much as possible. 
"It is so hard to find a way to talk with you," Lou complained, as he approached Iris and pushed the white bear aside. "I heard you drank a few nights ago, do you want to try drinking in broad daylight?" Lou had this brilliant smile on his lips, as he made a bold offer. 
Of course, hearing this, the seven warriors immediately jumped in to interrupt. They still remembered their punishment to chase after the monsters in the Goffa mountain and now they didn’t want to imagine what else their alpha would do to them if they let this happen. 
"Luna, you need to get into the carriage." 
"Luna, can you come here for a while, there is something I want to ask." 
"Luna, have you met the horses that will pull your carriage? Come, I will introduce you to them." 
They tried to use all the excuses they could think to get Iris away from the merchant, even though some of them sounded very ridiculous. 
Meanwhile, Lil Thing was not happy that Iris was being taken away again. 
============================== 
"Is it wise to force a retirement on Kaz? He has been around for decades," Jace asked Cane, he returned to the study room once he had shown Carla her bedroom in the pack house. 
"Not every decision needs to be wise," Cane said curtly. He had made so many unwise decisions, thus it was not being wise that he was looking for. 
Jace wanted to retort him, but seeing Cane’s expression, he knew it was a futile attempt and it was better for him not to try and irk the Alpha. 
"Have you found out the other traitor?" Cane asked next. 
Jace scratched his head. "No. Not yet. No clue." The Beta frowned. About Lyle, they got the clue from Aderan, who had gotten it from the Queen, but from what they learned, Lyle was the only traitor. 
Jace had been keeping his eyes on him and used to feed him with false information, so the King got the wrong news, with that, they could slightly control what kind of information the King got from their pack. 
However, there was no way Lyle knew about the secret passageways inside the pack house, because all the Blue Moon pack warriors were either working in mines or guarding the entrance of their pack. They didn’t even come closer to the pack house, let alone knew about the secret passageways. 
Even Redmond, who used to go in and out of the pack house as he liked, was clueless about the existence of the secret passageways. 
"We are back to square one again regarding this traitor..." Jace muttered under his breath, he looked upset. 
"What about the members of our pack?" Cane suggested and this made Jace frown even harder. 
"You suspect the members of our pack?" It crossed Jace’s mind as well, but then it was hard for him to go through with that, the thought the members of their pack had betrayed them was too disturbing. 
"Check them," Cane said and then stood up to go to the front yard, they were going to depart in an hour. 
The Alpha was not thrilled to investigate his own pack members and much less learn they betrayed him, but then it would be even more dangerous if they looked past it. 
However, without Cane realizing it, his intuition was proven right in a way, because it was indeed his pack member, who had disclosed about the secret passageways. 
But, he would have never imagined who that person could be... 
============================= 
"Miss Aria, Lady Cyan said she wanted to see you," Letto called Aria, who was staring at the town through a small window in her bedroom. She had been staying in the capital city for more than two months now, but she had never stepped outside of this tower. 
Only a handful of people knew her existence here. Life looked so blurry in her eyes, as she didn’t know what to do and what to expect. 
Therefore, she held onto the only emotion that she knew; hatred. It was so easy to hate something and her favorite person to hate was; Iris. 
She wouldn’t have ended up like this if it was not for her. She wouldn’t have been forced to live a miserable life had she not come into the picture. Even if Cane didn’t love her the way she did, she knew he wouldn’t be with someone else and she would be the only woman by his side. 
Cane. What are you doing right now? Do you still remember me? Did I ever cross your mind? 
Those questions were the most frequent questions that came into Aria’s mind, while she indulged herself in her misery. She loved him, despite everything he had done. 
She loved him and would give up anything for him, but he didn’t want it and now, she would do everything to get back to him. 
If she couldn’t be the person he loved, then she would be the only person who would be on his mind. 
Aria loved Cane and she was willing to do everything to get his attention, for him to remember her, even though her way was so twisted. 
"Miss Aria?" Letto called Aria again, she was sitting near the windowsill, staring outside. Her stomach looked so huge, she would be due within a few weeks from now. 
"Hm?" 
"Lady Cyan wanted to see you..." Letto repeated again carefully, because Aria’s mood was a little bit sour these days. She refused to see his master, unless she was so thirsty and wanted his blood to quench her thirst. 
"What does that blind woman want with me again?!" Aria snarled. She had laughed in Cyan’s face when she saw her the last time. She was blind and from what she learned, Cyan’s existence in this palace had been kept a secret, just like hers. 
Aria hated that woman, even more when she heard that she failed in her grand scheme against the Howling Wolf pack, but what irked her more was the fact Iris was still alive. 
If she was going to fail, at the very least, she should have killed that slut! 
Aria was not sure about the details or how Cyan got blind, but then she couldn’t care less about those trivial matters. 
"I- I don’t know, miss..." Letto said, he flinched. He could feel her wrath filling the air. 
Aria stood up and walked out of the room, pushing Letto out of her way. She hated this slave boy. See? It was so easy to be hateful and she lived relishing in that emotion. 
"What do you want?!" Aria asked, once she entered Cyan’s bedroom. It was not big or luxurious like her bedroom when she was still the King’s mistress, but it was convenient enough and was way nicer than Aria’s small one. 
"Sit down, there is something I want to discuss with you," Cyan said firmly, it was a tacit understanding that they didn’t like each other, thus it was better to lower their interaction and go straight to the point. "Tell me about your former pack, the Winter Moon pack." 
Aria was Leane’s personal maid, they came from the Winter Moon pack before Leane found Cane was her destined mate and she moved almost right away to the Howling Wolf pack. 
Therefore, as the future luna’s personal maid, of course, Aria had the privilege to know about those secret passageways. She was also the one who told Cyan about the situation in the Howling Wolf pack and how many people still perceived Iris as Gerald’s daughter and harbored ill feelings toward her. 
This kind of information looked insignificant, but it became a tool for Cyan to sow discord in the Howling Wolf pack people’s hearts. 
While men resorted to using cunning tactics to set up traps, women would go for playing with emotions, the way they schemed was very different and subtle. It was not a direct approach or a threat like men were used to, but it could leave a huge impact. 
This method suited Cyan the most, since she was also a mind controller. 
"What do you want to know about the Winter Moon pack?" Aria narrowed her eyes. 
The Winter Moon pack joined hands with the Red Claw pack to fight for the throne, but they failed.
###Chapter 547: PROFIT FOR THE PACK
Chapter 547: PROFIT FOR THE PACK
"Wait," Iris said to stop the other warriors from taking her away from Lou. "I want to talk with him for a moment." 
Dyne immediately came to her and mouthed his words, knowing his luna was perfectly capable of reading lips even though she could hear right now. 
’You can’t do that, Luna, the Alpha will get angry.’ 
"Only for a moment," Iris replied shortly and then proceeded to approach Lou, whose smile was so bright to see the auburn haired woman rushing to him. 
"Yes? Do you have something to discuss with me? I can come with you on the journey if this is really important," Lou said cheerfully, while the white bear followed beside Iris. It nudged her hand, asking to be petted. 
"I want you to try something." 
"I will try anything if it’s for you," Lou said with a wink and this caused the seven warriors to growl at him with warning, but as usual, the merchant couldn’t care less about them because they didn’t hold any value in his eyes. 
On the other hand, Iris didn’t pay much attention to the way Lou tried to flirt with her, as she called Aliana to get her the things she wanted. 
Aliana immediately came to Iris, her eyes lit up to realize the Luna got her clue. 
It was harmless, though Aliana knew she would get in trouble if the Alpha learned about it, she just couldn’t help it. They had the famous merchant from the Rosantine guild from Karam continent in their pack, it was a waste if they didn’t make the best out of him. 
"Here, Luna," Aliana said, as she handed her a small bag of tea and a waterskin, which was filled with the alcohol tea. 
"What is this? Poison?" Lou asked, he stared at the two items that iris gave to him after Aliana handed them over to her. 
Iris narrowed her eyes. "Do you really think I will poison you in broad daylight in front of so many people?" 
"So, will you poison me at night when there is no one around?" Lou countered and this left Iris speechless. 
"You have serious trust issues." 
"Not really, but I am not used to putting just anything inside my mouth, just in case I am being poisoned." 
"This is not poison, okay?" Iris furrowed her brows and seeing her like that made Lou chuckle. 
"I told you I will do anything for you, even if you gave me poison, I will drink it with a smile on my face," Lou said dramatically and this made the other warriors, who heard him, grimace. 
They really needed to get their luna away from this merchant, but she was adamant to talk with him, thus they didn’t have any other options, but to let it be. More so, Aliana was there and they were surrounded by so many people. The merchant wouldn’t do something outrageous, right? 
On the other hand, Lou must have a very thick skin for not being overwhelmed and intimidated as he was surrounded by the seven warriors, who threw him dagger looks. 
"I told you, I will not poison you," Iris said this firmly, feeling offended. 
"Okay, okay. I will try this." And within a second, Lou had gulped down half of the liquid inside the waterskin and his brows shot up. "This is alcohol! But, why does it taste like tea?" He tilted his head in confusion, but then he remembered something. "Ah! This must be the famous alcohol tea from the Howling Wolf pack, many people have been looking for this, but because this pack fell into slavery, it disappeared in the market." 
Aliana’s eyes lit up even more, she nudged Iris to continue the conversation, since the other person didn’t need more explanation about the origin of the alcohol tea and how this kind of tea gained some fame a decade ago. 
However, knowing how much Cane disliked the fact she talked with Lou, Iris smoothed her way out. "I want you to help with this." 
"Ah! I almost forgot this pack is the one that actually produced this tea!" Lou’s eyes lit up at the thought of making more profits. 
"Yes. That’s why I want to ask you to help me with this." 
"I told you, I will do anything for you!" Lou said cheerfully and Eron and Zephyr were about to step in to warn the merchant that what he said was not appropriate. "Let’s discuss this!" 
Aliana was going to interrupt as well, but Iris stepped back and pushed her forward. "You can discuss this with Aliana, because she knew about it better than me." Iris smiled innocently. "You promised to help with this, I hope you can keep your word, Lou." 
And after saying that, Iris waved her hand and turned around. She beckoned Lil Thing to come with her and gave the creature a treat, which made the white furball melt around her ankles. 
On the other hand, Lou was not pleased with this arrangement. He didn’t want to have any discussion with some random people, but Aliana blocked his way before he could go after the Luna. 
"Let’s discuss it!" Aliana said happily. She was thrilled it happened sooner than she expected and the Luna was smart enough to pick up her clues. She didn’t mean to manipulate her, but well... she wanted to help the pack and let Iris know more about this pack’s potential, since she was the Luna of the pack. 
Lou growled at Aliana, but immediately controlled his frustration and expression when he heard more growls around him. 
Meanwhile, there was another person, who was not happy. The Gamma stared at Aliana, who was talking with Lou. She looked excited explaining about the alcohol tea and how many they could produce for sale. 
Her eyes glinted with enthusiasm. 
If there was one thing Aliana had in common with her older brother, Jace, it was how they were both very good at managing something. Not surprisingly, Aliana was trusted by the Alpha to manage the orphanage and Jace watched over their pack every time the Alpha was away. 
However, Ethan couldn’t say he was happy to see Aliana stare at Lou with such eyes. 
"Gamma Ethan." 
Ethan was startled because someone nudged his arm and the gloom on his face vanished almost in an instant, he smiled brightly like he usually did. 
"Carla!" 
The young girl grinned. "Gamma Ethan, did you know that the Alpha appointed me to take over Kaz’s position? He told Kaz to teach me everything that I need to know within six months!" She said enthusiastically. 
"Congratulations! I know you will do a better job than him!" Ethan said cheerfully, he ruffled her hair casually. "Good job, Carla!" 
Carla blushed when she heard Ethan praise her and lowered her head. "Gamma Ethan, when will you return?" They had been away for months before and now when they just returned, they had to leave again. 
"I don’t know, I think it will take a long time before I come back." Knowing there were a lot of things that were happening, Ethan didn’t think he would be back for another year. 
Carla’s eyes dimmed, her expression gloomy. "Won’t you miss the pack when you are away?" 
"Of course, this is my home, our home, our land. I will miss it, but I need to go to protect it from bad people, so we will have a home to come back." Ethan looked at Carla gently. 
He noticed this young girl because she used to be with Aliana a lot when she took care of the orphanage. 
However, Carla had noticed Ethan long before that. There was one time when she was nine, they were in the slavery at that moment. She did something wrong and the guards wanted to beat her to death, but Ethan took the beating for her, cursing at them for wanting to hit a child. 
The Gamma must have forgotten about that event, but Carla would always remember that. That was also the reason why she came to Aliana and volunteered to help with the orphanage. 
"I will wait for your return," Carla said bashfully, but Ethan only ruffled her hair and told her to learn more diligently, so she could take over the pack house. 
After a few more ’I’m proud of you’s, Ethan walked away to help the others and check on Joel, since he couldn’t move on his own and needed help, leaving Carla to stare at his back. 
Half an hour later, all the preparation was completed and Cane finally approached Iris, but his eyes narrowed dangerously when he saw the white furball before her legs, while she was sitting on one of the chests. 
Out of instinct, he looked around and found Lou was getting frustrated with Aliana, while five of Iris’ personal warriors surrounded him. 
Eron and Dyne stood by Iris, as they chatted lightly. 
"Iris," Cane called her and she turned around with her bright smile. "What is that thing doing here?" 
Iris followed Cane’s line of sight and knew what he meant was Lil Thing. "I don’t know, I think it wants a treat." 
"Let’s go to our carriage, we are going to leave soon," Cane said, as he took Iris’ hand and walked toward their carriage. 
On the other hand, Lou was fuming because with Cane there and Iris entering the carriage, there was no chance for him to talk with her again. They were so close! But, why couldn’t he have a conversation with her?! 
Inside the carriage, Cane handed over a letter to Iris. 
"What is it?" Iris had never received a letter before. 
"A child from the orphanage in the capital city wrote to you," Cane replied.
###Chapter 548: THE MERCHANT WAS BEING LED ON
Chapter 548: THE MERCHANT WAS BEING LED ON
"A child wrote to me?" Iris’ eyes lit up when she received the letter. She opened it immediately. It seemed, Cane had not yet read it, since the letter was still sealed. 
Inside, Iris found not so nice handwriting, which made her chuckle, even though the handwriting couldn’t be considered acceptable, the letter was clear and not confusing to read. 
Because of how big the letters were, it took three parchments to convey a short piece of information. 
"What is it?" Cane caught Iris frowning after she read the letter. 
"Joyce said Prince Kellan didn’t take her to the palace but he took her sister Annie with him to the Celestial Moon pack after the war against the Red Claw pack." Iris’ eyes darkened. Her mood turned very sour and Cane could feel it. 
When she was in the capital city, Joyce would gush how Prince Kellan would take her to the palace, so she could live with her sister there, but now after everything that happened, it seemed, Prince Kellan only took the children who were already under his possession without taking any new ones from the orphanage. 
Iris didn’t know whether this was good news or not. 
"Hm." Cane nodded. "I got a report that Kellan is in the Celestial Moon pack." At his words, Iris stared at him and he answered the question that she didn’t voice out loud. "The Howling Wolf pack and the Celestial Moon pack were Kellan’s strongest supporters back when he was still a crown prince. It would be easier for him to reach the Celestial Moon pack than the Howling Wolf pack." 
Kellan must have fled there since he didn’t have a stronghold in the palace after the untimely death of the King. From what Cane had gathered, Alan had been killing all the princes and princesses, who could challenge him for the throne and sent people to hunt down those who tried to escape. 
It was a common practice for new sovereigns when they sat on the throne to paint the palace with blood. This was what Cane’s mother avoided. 
It didn’t mean Kellan would be able to escape his death, despite being in the Celestial Moon pack, even though it gave him a chance to survive. 
Meanwhile, knowing Alan and the dispute between him and Cane, it was only a matter of time before that stupid man set his eyes on him to destroy his pack. Cane wished for Koda to succeed the throne, but it seemed it wouldn’t happen in the near future. 
On the other hand, it was an absolute concern for Cane to strengthen the southern packs before Alan made his first move, for the meantime, he must be busy having fun chasing after all the royal princes and princesses. 
"Cane." Iris looked conflicted when she called his name, as he leaned over to let her know that she got all of his attention. He waited for her to speak. "Will you... support Prince Kellan like your father did...?" 
Iris was not sure about this, but the Howling Wolf pack and the Celestial Moon pack had a long history together, Cane’s father and Alpha Derick were good friends and both of them supported Prince Kellan in the past. 
Therefore, Iris had a mixed feeling about this. However, Cane’s strong answer startled her. 
"Over my dead body, Iris." Cane’s voice was so cold and dark. It was not even a question in the first place. There was no way he would support such a damnable person, who held no value whatsoever. 
After Iris’ initial surprise with Cane’s vicious answer, she leaned over and rested her head on his chest, seeking comfort. Her emotions were a mess every time the topic of Kellan was brought up. 
Seeing how distraught and upset Iris was, Cane caressed her back and hugged her tightly, giving her the comfort and the feeling of protection that she needed. 
However, their peaceful moment was disrupted by Lou’s loud voice followed by the warriors, who tried to chase him away from the Alpha and Luna’s carriage. 
Cane frowned deeply, he really didn’t have any patience left for this merchant. 
"Cane! Come out! I need to talk with you about something important! Come out now!" Just like Cane, Lou’s patience had also run so thin because he couldn’t even have a proper conversation with Iris. 
Even so, at the very least, Cane should have a discussion with him, right? They had a handful of deals, but the time where they really talked about their business could be counted on one hand. It would be Jace or other people, who always relayed Cane’s order. 
This arrangement irked the merchant. 
Lou was a profiteer and knew how to keep his cool, but with this certain alpha, he felt like his years of experience always went straight down the drain. Cane was really a testament to his patience. 
"Cane! Come out now! Are you going to leave without having any discussion with me?!" Lou was so annoyed. 
Iris lifted her head to look at Cane’s expression. She could see the storm in his dark eyes. 
"I swear, I am going to kill this man one day," Cane said through his gritted teeth. He didn’t have the patience to be calm at this moment. With a lot of things that were going on and how he had been lacking sleep for days now, dealing with Lou was the last thing on his mind. 
Hearing that, Iris chuckled, but she immediately stopped when Cane directed his cold gaze toward her. 
"Glad someone is enjoying this moment." Cane leaned over and bit her lip before he decided to go out. 
"Why did he bite me...?" Iris muttered sullenly, as she licked her lips and watched the interaction between Cane and Lou through the window. 
The merchant was looking for death by actually demanding Cane to talk with him in such a way... 
"Finally, you graced me with your presence!" Lou said sarcastically. 
Cane waved his hand to dismiss the other warriors to give them space. "You can cry tears of joy now," the Alpha replied lightly, as he leaned his back against the carriage, knowing Iris must be curious enough to listen in on their conversation. "What do you want?" 
"I want to know what you are going to do with the power struggle in the capital city," Lou said. He ignored Cane’s remark and glanced at the carriage, knowing Iris was there. He was very blunt with his obsession with the Alpha’s mate and if it was not because he was still useful and that he didn’t do anything too outrageous and inappropriate to Iris, aside from being an eyesore, Cane wouldn’t have tolerated this merchant and had plotted his demise long ago. 
It was pretty easy to do so when this annoying merchant was surrounded by his people in his territory. 
"My standpoint in that matter is none of your business." Cane drew the line clearly. He didn’t want Lou to get involved more than necessary. 
"Of course, that’s my business." Lou crossed his arms in front of his chest. "The black market is in the Moon Dew pack and currently that pack stands by the royal family. All of my business is there, it will be a pain in the ass if you keep spreading rumors about me being your ally, while you support the Red Claw pack." Lou clicked his tongue impatiently. "I am not risking my entire business for you, Alpha." 
At the end of the day, he was still a merchant, he looked for profit and couldn’t care less who was sitting on the throne, even though personally in his opinion, Sabian could do a better job as a king than that spoiled Alan. 
Well, the result would be tight if you compared Alan with Lil Thing, since both held the same capabilities. 
But then, a grin appeared on the corner of his lips. "Unless you have a plan to take over the Moon Dew pack and bring it under your territory as well, I am not going to stand by you." Lou shrugged his shoulders. "I am just saying." 
Since Cane could take down all the packs in the south, the merchant thought taking down one more pack in the east wouldn’t be a problem. 
"It will be difficult, but it’s not impossible." Cane nodded. "The right aid will be needed to make it happen." 
Lou looked ecstatic to see how this alpha complied. It was a rare moment for Cane to be easy to talk with. 
"What do you need?" Lou was ready for a long discussion and to delay their departure, but Cane was having none of it. 
"I will write you a letter once I come up with an idea," Cane said and then opened the carriage’s door to enter. "Finish building your magical devices here and the tunnel in the Riverside pack, after that, meet me in the Silver River pack." 
And with that, Cane closed the door of the carriage, leaving Lou to curse under his breath. "Don’t talk to me like that! I am not one of your workers!" 
Inside the carriage, Iris chuckled to hear how frustrated Lou was, as she nestled against Cane’s chest. "I thought you already had a plan for the Moon Dew pack. Why didn’t you tell him about that?" 
Cane caressed her head. "Let him think that he is the one who is planning it and he will come up with more ideas. With the resources he has, there is a possibility he will come with a better plan than I do." Cane hugged Iris closely. "More sources are always welcome." 
Since everything that had transpired, all of Cane’s plots and schemes were ruined. He needed to think of a way to make the best out of this situation and start from scratch.
###Chapter 549: THE SITUATION IN THE CAPITAL CITY
Chapter 549: THE SITUATION IN THE CAPITAL CITY
The royal family was supported by people from the Golden Light pack and the Moon Dew pack, while the Red Claw pack had the Winter Moon pack in their corner. 
The problem was; the Moon Dew pack and the Winter Moon pack came from the same place, they were from the eastern side of the kingdom. Likewise, the Red Claw pack and the Golden Light pack came from western side of the kingdom, thus the tension at the borders of the four packs was very high.
On the other hand, in the north, there was Alpha Derick from the Celestial Moon pack and in the south, Alpha Cane had all the seven packs wrapped around his fingers. Neither Alphas had decided where they stood in the matter of power struggle in the capital city. 
"Kill them all," Alan said viciously, a brilliant smile appeared on the corners of his lips, as he sat on the throne. He couldn’t believe it! He made it to the throne! 
Below him were Prince Mateo, Prince Arlo, Prince Iggy and Princess Laina. 
"Alan!" Prince Mateo begged, fear in his eyes. He had never been his father’s favorite, but his title alone guaranteed a good life for him. "I have never set my eyes on the throne! I will leave the capital city!" 
"You will die a horrendous death!" Prince Arlo roared. "This is how you repay me for what I have done?!" He screamed at the top of his lungs in anger. It was him, who led one of the groups of warriors in the battlefield against the Red Claw pack and the Winter Moon pack, but as a payback, Alan ordered his women and children to be killed before his eyes. 
Meanwhile, Prince Iggy was only six years old, he didn’t know much about what was happening and why he couldn’t see his mother, but he knew for sure, he would get hurt. He could sense danger surrounding him. He stared fearfully at the warrior beasts that surrounded him, as he tried to be brave and not cry, though his small body was trembling. 
He was only a child, who knew nothing, but his existence alone was a mistake in Alan’s eyes. 
Crying, Princess Laina, who was only thirteen years old approached Alan, who was sitting on the throne. "Brother, please... don’t do this. We never dreamed of ascending the throne..." 
Alan tilted his head at Princess Laina, she looked so fine and within a few years, she would become a true beauty. It was a waste to let her be killed. 
"Please, brother... please..." Princess Laina cried so hard, her face turned red. 
Hearing them plead for their lives made Alan even more drunk with greed and power hungry. It was the taste of power, the taste of the throne, where he could do everything, anything that he wanted and get rid of anyone that hurt his eyes, once he sat on the throne. 
Alan stood up and approached Laina, he squatted down and pinched her chin, smiling, as he turned her body to face their three siblings. He held her head, so she wouldn’t be able to turn her head. "Fine. If that’s what you want. Kill them all, except her." Alan signaled for the beasts to go through with the execution. "Open your eyes, don’t you dare close them." 
Laina screamed when the first beast started to tear Prince Iggy’s small body apart, as the little prince let out a gut wrenching cry, while the other warrior beasts did the same to the two princes. All four of them had been forced to drink Rottingbane leaves, thus they didn’t stand a chance in the face of the attacks for long. 
Everything happened so fast, it flashed in Laina’s eyes, as she witnessed everything and threw up. 
"Fuck!" Alan immediately jumped back when Laina couldn’t hold herself back and started to vomit upon seeing the cruelty before her eyes. "Lash her! Lash her to death! How dare she ruin my cloak!" Alan was freaking out to see a small part of his cloak being dirtied by Laina. 
At this point, the poor princess couldn’t even beg for his mercy, as she went through a great shock, which rendered her unable to speak or move, before she got dragged out of the bloody throne room to receive her death sentence. 
Not long after that, the head of the royal sorcerers entered the throne room. His brows furrowed when he witnessed the horrendous scene, but there was nothing new about this. After all, this was an everyday sight since a few days ago when Alan started his killing spree against all the remaining royal family members. 
"I have called you over two hours ago," Dexter said in a dark voice. He waved his hands and all the beasts and royal guards left the room, dragging the bodies of the poor princes, leaving only a pool of blood in the middle of the throne room. 
"You don’t summon a king, Dexter." Alan glared at Dexter, as he watched all the guards leave. "Don’t you dare command my people using your nasty mind controlling ability!" Alan was agitated, knowing this sorcerer used his ability again. 
However, Dexter was so calm when he approached Alan, but his serene expression changed in a split second when he was close enough to wrap his fingers around his neck. A killing intention exuded from his body, as he directed a murderous look at Alan, who was trembling in fear now. 
"Watch your mouth, Alan. You are no king in my eyes." The words dripped with venom and it was true. He didn’t see this young man as a king, nor did he think of him as his nephew. They spared his life for a single purpose alone and if it was not for that, Alan would have died a long time ago. 
Hearing that, Alan nodded vigorously, afraid of what Dexter could do to him. If you considered Alan as a cruel person with a twisted mind, you should see what Dexter had done. 
"Now sit down in that fucking chair and listen carefully what you are going to do as the new king." Dexter didn’t have any patience to keep his pretense and keep up with this spoiled man child. He pointed his finger at the throne and Alan climbed into it hastily, afraid this dark sorcerer would do something outrageous to him. 
"Y- yes." Alan sat down like a little child and tried to listen to what Dexter said, but deep down, he was seething. He was the King, why was he being treated like a child? 
Shouldn’t he fear him? He was the fucking king! Someone with the highest status in this whole continent! How could he be ordered like a mere guard? 
However, Alan was a coward, there was no way he would express his grievances. 
Once Dexter had subdued Alan, he clapped his hands and the guards escorted four men in. They were the former king’s right hand men. 
"We are going to deal with them first." 
"Cane should be among them." Alan’s eyes turned gloomy and vicious. He was going to crush that alpha one day and now that he was sitting on the throne, it was only a matter of time. 
He would fuck his mate and his mistress right in front of him!
###Chapter 550: JOURNEY TO THE SILVER RIVER PACK
Chapter 550: JOURNEY TO THE SILVER RIVER PACK
Koda received a letter from Alpha Cane, it was the reply he got when he wrote about his failure to secure the throne for his great grandson. He wanted Alpha Cane’s suggestion. 
Because it was Cane’s suggestion for him to return to the capital city and immediately gather the forces to secure his great grandson’s position, but unfortunately, he was too late and the time was too short to gather all the forces that were needed, thus he had to suffer defeat. 
After this, Koda didn’t know what to do. He was not a strategist, especially when the Red Claw pack was without an alpha now until the former alpha should step up again to fill the empty position, while still grieving the death of his son. 
"What is it?" Alpha Colter asked. He looked so old as he was supposed to be retired by now, but he couldn’t do that when he was called back to lead the pack again. 
The hatred that the Red Claw pack members had for the royal family ran so deep after they learned Lady Cyan had killed their alpha by using dark magic and now, her son was sitting on the throne against the real crown prince. 
"Alpha Cane suggested for us to fetch the Serafim. We need to bring the Holy Kingdom to our side," Koda said after he read the letter and then handed it over to Alpha Colter so he could read it himself. 
"Hm." Alpha Colter nodded after he read the details of the plan Alpha Cane had suggested for them. "This is a great plan. We need to move quickly and reach the Serafim first before the royals could get their hands on her, even though it will be hard for us to convince the Holy Kingdom to side with us." 
"I don’t think so, the Serafim is here because she heard about the rumors of dark magic and if we let her know that the King, who was sitting on the throne right now has a dark witch for a mother, I don’t think it will be hard for us to convince her to be on our side." 
Koda read the situation and the hidden meaning behind Cane’s suggestion better. Even though Cane didn’t write it down, they should be smart enough to think about how to convince the Serafim and the Holy Kingdom to side with them after all the information the Alpha had provided. 
"Order someone to figure out where the Serafim and her entourage are staying." Alpha Colter had been away for too long from this struggle of power, thus he was a little bit slow with his response. 
"Alpha Cane has provided us with the information in the previous letter. The Serafim and her knights are currently in the Winter Moon pack’s harbor." 
If the only harbor in the southern kingdom was in the Chrystal Moon pack, then the second harbor was in the Winter Moon pack and the two of them were the only harbors in this continent. 
"Good. Good." Alpha Colter nodded in satisfaction. "Alpha Cane has great informants and is quite resourceful. It’s great he is on our side. Too bad he couldn’t send his people to help with the war against the royal family. With seven packs under his control, he has a lot of warriors under his possession." Alpha Colter then looked at Koda. "You must hold onto this alpha and keep him by our side no matter what." 
Not only were the southern packs under Cane’s control, but the Alpha himself was also an asset, as he was a great strategist, it would be their greatest loss if Cane changed his stand and supported the royals. 
"Don’t worry, Alpha Colter, Alpha Cane and Alan are not on good terms. The one we need to worry about is Prince Kellan, who has fled to the Celestial Moon pack, because Alpha Cane’s father and Alpha Derick were Prince Kellan’s supporters in the past." 
Alpha Colter thought about it. "You are right, we need to do something about it." 
Koda felt great to work with Alpha Colter again, since he was his beta in the past. "Don’t worry, I have an idea about it." 
============================ 
After half a day on their way to the Silver River pack, they stopped for a while for lunch before they could resume their journey again. 
But, there was a little bit of commotion there. 
"What happened?" Iris asked when she stepped out of the carriage and stretched her body. 
"I don’t know, I will check," Aliana said, frowning. "I don’t think this is a monster attack..." 
The commotion was a little bit different from the noise they would make if there was danger around them, it was most like a bunch of flustered growls. 
Meanwhile, Cane was dozing off inside the carriage, feeling comfortable in his mate’s presence, he couldn’t fight his tiredness and Iris just stepped out to bring lunch for him when she heard the commotion. 
However, Iris didn’t need to wait for Aliana to know what happened because from afar she could see the white fur ball rolling on the ground, while the beasts stared at it dumbfoundedly and growled to make it move away, but the silly bear simply spread its limbs and laid down on the ground, looking so tired. 
It seemed, Lil Thing had been following them from the Howling Wolf pack and now, this lazy creature was spent, because it was not used to running too far for too long. For longer journeys, Lou would always put it inside a comfortable cage with a lot of food and enough water, thus for it to follow them, of course, this white bear had overworked itself to follow this entourage. 
"Why is the bear here?" Iris approached Lil Thing and squatted down next to it, the lizard on her shoulder peeked through her curls and shook its tail, seemingly not happy with this creature that almost swallowed it months ago. 
"I am not sure," Ethan said, he shifted back into his human form and approached Iris. "I just realized it when this creature approached us an hour ago." 
"Is Lou around?" Iris looked around, thinking the merchant would pop out from behind the trees. 
"No. I don’t think the merchant is nearby." Ethan squatted down next to Iris, frowning at the bear, whose tongue dangled from the side of its mouth. "I have sent a hawk to ask Jace about Lou’s whereabouts." 
"Can someone get me water?" Iris asked. She was speechless to see Lil Thing follow them. Did the bear think they were going sightseeing and would return soon after? 
Dyne gave Iris water, and she poured it into Lil Thing’s mouth and the bear let out a whimper. 
"Can you get more? I think we need to feed it too, it looks like it’s going to die from exhaustion." Ethan’s frown deepened. "What should we do about this bear now?" 
Their only options were to send someone to escort this bear back to the pack house or take it with them. The first option was more enticing. 
But, before Iris could answer that, they were startled when they heard Cane’s voice from behind them. 
"What is that creature doing here?!" Cane growled darkly. 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 551: IS IT NOT DIRTY?
Chapter 551: IS IT NOT DIRTY?
Cane woke up to find Iris was not by his side. He must have been very tired, until he fell asleep too deep and did not realize when his mate slipped out of his arms and got down from the carriage. 
But then, his heart gave a start when he heard the commotion out there, thinking something had happened and the thought Iris was out of his sight made him jump to his feet and rush out of the carriage, only to find this white fur ball being the cause of the commotion. 
"What is that creature doing here?!" Cane growled darkly. He looked around, looking for a certain someone. If this lazy bear was here, its owner also must be nearby. 
Iris and Ethan almost jumped out of their skins to hear how vicious and dangerous Cane’s voice sounded. Even Lil Thing covered its eyes with its paws, as if by doing so, it could hide itself from the angry predator before it. 
"Cane." Iris immediately stood up and approached him. The lizard on her shoulder jumped to Ethan, seeking shelter from him. "You are awake," Iris said cheerfully, as she hugged him and pressed a sweet kiss to his cheek to soothe his annoyance. 
However, Cane didn’t seem to notice that, as he kept looking around and Iris knew who he was trying to find. 
"It’s just the white bear," Iris said in a calm voice, while Cane wrapped his arms around her waist protectively. He had been having a headache and was so spent with everything that was going on, thus the last thing he wanted was to have to deal with a certain someone he didn’t like. 
"Ethan, ask Jace about his whereabouts and to keep his eyes on him." 
"Got it. I have already sent a hawk to ask about it," Ethan replied immediately. The Gamma knew what he needed to do and now everyone could see the extent of their alpha’s possessiveness over his mate. "We just need to wait for his reply." 
Hearing that, Cane didn’t say another word, but instead turned around and left for their carriage with Iris close to him. 
"But, what about this bear? What are we going to do with it?" Ethan asked. They wouldn’t stay for long, because once they had rested enough and ate, they would resume their journey and this bear didn’t look like it was going to be able to keep up with them. 
Cane glanced over his shoulder, his eyes were cold when he saw the bear still covering its eyes with its paws. 
"The bear is big enough for dinner." 
Iris sucked in a cold breath when she heard that. "Cane!" She protested, but the Alpha simply didn’t seem to care, as he helped Iris to get into the carriage and closed the door. 
On the other hand, a corner of Ethan’s lips twitched. "He is joking, right?" 
"I don’t want to eat bear meat," Aliana said, standing beside the Gamma and glancing at the adorable white bear. 
Not long after, there was a reply from Jace, telling them the merchant was still in the pack and he didn’t seem to care about his pet roaming around or following the entourage, which meant, he wouldn’t send someone to pick up this white fur ball and Ethan opted to send one of the warriors to take the bear back to the pack. 
However, the bear didn’t want to go. It literally sprawled its limbs out on the ground and due to its huge body and fatness, no one was able to move it. This bear was too heavy! After all, it was almost thrice a shifter’s size and seemingly weighed about ten of them together. 
In the end, Ethan chose one warrior to stay with the bear and try to get in touch with Jace to ask Lou to pick up his pet. 
But, when the entourage started moving, the bear got up and walked at the end of the entourage as well, following them again. Even though it could hardly keep up with their pace, they could still see its white fur in the distance. 
Celia was happy to see the white bear, she was currently in the same carriage with Haco and Joel, as she chirped happily to make the bear move a little bit faster, so it could catch up to them. 
"Why should I be your sitter?" Dean grumbled, walking beside the bear. 
In the evening, when they finally stopped, the bear collapsed. Its tongue lulled to the side, as it laid down on its back. 
"Is it dead?" Aliana asked Dean, grimacing. She made a bet with Ethan that the bear would give up and they would eventually lose it, but it actually made it until here. 
Needless to say, she lost the bet. 
"Nah, I think it has just passed out," Dean replied. "It seems we need to hunt more to feed this creature." 
Indeed. They really needed to hunt more because aside from snacking on magic stones, this bear ate a lot. 
"Where are you going?" Cane asked. He put down the report he was reading when Iris wriggled out of his arms. 
"I want to see the bear," Iris replied lightly, as she put on her cloak and was about to go out of the carriage, but Cane stopped her. 
"You don’t need to." The Alpha frowned, unhappy. "Someone is taking care of that creature." 
Iris grinned and teased him. "I thought you were going to make them cook it for dinner." 
Cane growled because Iris was daring enough to throw his words back in his face. In one swift move, he pinned her down on the bed. 
This carriage was spacious enough for both of them to sleep comfortably and Haco had put magic around it, so no one from outside could hear the noise from inside. This was the same carriage that Cane took from the Riverside pack. 
"You’ve become so bold recently, Iris," Cane said in his hoarse voice, as he held both of her arms beside her body and nibbled on her earlobe. 
"Cane!" Iris squirmed, trying to get away from his assault, but she had nowhere to go when he trapped her with his body. 
"I want to see how bold you can be," Cane whispered in her ear and this made Iris blush when he licked her neck, leaving wet kisses along her collarbones and now Iris was lightheaded, as she could feel the atmosphere change. 
Cane let go of her hands and lifted her leg, as he caressed her inner thigh, which sent shivers down her spine. Iris breathed heavily when Cane lowered the collar of her dress and kissed her chest. 
"Cane... I am still on my monthly cycle..." Iris reminded him hoarsely, her voice was shaking with the desire she tried to suppress. She felt so ashamed, but she couldn’t deny it. Every time Cane touched her in a certain way, she felt like her skin was on fire. 
Cane lifted his head and stared at her face that flushed red, her lips slightly parted and Cane had this dark urge to shove his tongue inside. 
"Do you mind it?" Cane asked and Iris’ blue eyes widened in surprise at the suggestion behind his question. 
"I- is it not dirty?" Iris stuttered.
###Chapter 552: THE BOND WAS GETTING STRONGER
Chapter 552: THE BOND WAS GETTING STRONGER
Iris didn’t have any idea if you could do it during your monthly cycle, but then she was rather clueless and was so blind about these kinds of things. 
Indeed, there were a lot of things she needed to learn and she started to think about finding some books on it, but then, the thought of reading those kinds of books made her blush. 
Where should she find a book on this kind of topic and how could she ask about it? 
"As long as you are comfortable, it will be fine..." Cane said. He didn’t continue and waited for his mate to decide what she wanted. 
Iris bit her lip lightly, thinking about what she wanted, but it was hard to decide and think clearly when her mind was so dirty and her desire for her mate clouded her decisions. 
On the other hand, Iris didn’t realize how her small gesture was affecting Cane so much, as he was having a hard time to hold himself back from devouring her whole. 
This whole debacle only lasted for less than a minute, but it felt like eternity for the two of them before Iris finally pecked on Cane’s lips shyly. She lowered her gaze and put her hand over Cane’s member, which rested on her thigh, but she didn’t push it away. 
In Cane’s eyes, she looked so adorable when she didn’t want to admit openly what she really wanted and was too shy to ask him to continue. 
Cane nuzzled her neck and caressed her thigh again, pulling her closer to him. "You smell so good," he said hoarsely, which made Iris feel elated. 
She was not sure why, but she liked it whenever Cane talked to her during their intimate moments, especially when he complimented her. Somehow, she believed it. 
Iris believed when Cane said she was beautiful and adorable, she believed when Cane said she smelled so good and how much he desired her. She believed him when he said he enjoyed the moments they shared. 
Cane made her feel great, not only with the way he touched her, but also with the way he spoke to her and how he was very attentive and careful with her. 
Even though there were moments when his control slipped and he became a little bit rough with her, he would immediately realize it and always make sure she was fine. 
Iris loved every moment with him and this was a feeling she couldn’t describe in words. 
It almost felt like the world could crumble out there and she wouldn’t even notice it.... 
It didn’t take long before they fell into the throes of a passionate night. 
============================== 
Cane kissed Iris’ bare shoulder, as she was in deep sleep, unaware of her surroundings. The Alpha had just finished wiping and cleaning her up after their intimate moment. 
Thankfully, there was not much blood on the sheets, because more than this, Cane would have thought he had hurt her again, but seeing how she was sleeping peacefully made a smile appear on his lips. His usually cold eyes softened a little bit every time he looked at her. 
Tonight was rather warm, thus it wouldn’t be a problem to leave Iris without any clothes for a little bit longer, as he admired her nakedness and how comfortable she was being vulnerable with him. 
Cane traced his fingers along her spine and ended up on the two cute dimples on her bottom. The sight of her scars left a bitter taste in his mouth, as he leaned over and kissed all of her scars, licking them, as if he could heal them by doing so. 
If a shifter came looking for Cane, they might end up finding Iris instead, as she was reeking of his scent right now. 
Cane then straightened his back and caressed his fingers on her lips, cheeks, nose, eyes... he wanted to touch her everywhere. 
Heavens. 
He couldn’t even imagine how he could sleep by her side without having any desire to devour her during all those months they were together, because right now, he seemed to have a hard time getting her out of his mind or keeping his hands to himself. 
In the end, Cane waited for the morning to come, while staring at Iris, touching her hair, caressing her back, or poking her cheeks, at one point, Iris furrowed her brows and the Alpha simply smiled seeing that his silly actions had bothered her. 
He felt like he would never get enough of her. 
Was it because the mate bond finally started working between them and their feelings for each other were getting stronger because of that? Cane was not sure how to put it or how to explain the strong feelings he had for her. 
It had been almost a year now. It reached the point where Cane knew Iris longer than he knew his own destined mate, Leane. 
With Leane, it was easy. There was only love for his destined mate ever since they met with each other, it was beautiful and smooth. 
However, with Iris, Cane had gone through a myriad of emotions, from hatred to compassion. He lost himself in his own rage and revenge, where he thought days were so bleak with so many schemes and deaths. 
Yet, Iris was an array of light in his darkest times. 
Cane thought his heart had been hardened, he thought it had turned into a solid stone, but later on, he learned that it was only broken and that was how Iris found a way to enter his heart. Because light wouldn’t be able to come in if there were no cracks, right? 
It was not easy when he was with her, either the relationship between them, or the situations that surrounded them. 
There was a long journey ahead of them and Cane didn’t wish to tread this path with no one else, but her. 
Cane leaned over and kissed her bare shoulder. "Thank you," he whispered softly and genuinely. 
Only when the noise from outside grew a little bit louder as they prepared to leave before the sunrise did Cane reluctantly leave the carriage and put the blanket over Iris’ body. 
He walked toward the white bear and stared at the creature, which was still sleeping soundly on the ground. Its fur had turned brown because of dirt and it looked so pitiful. 
"I thought, Iris would come to check on this bear. I am surprised to see you here," Ethan said, as he approached Cane, who was staring at Lil Thing. The Gamma was slightly worried the Alpha would behead this silly bear in its sleep. 
Cane only glanced at his gamma. Of course, he had taken care of the matter with Iris and she wouldn’t be bothered by this bear for another few hours. 
The Alpha resumed his callous demeanor whenever his mate was not around. Some warriors even felt it was so hard to approach him, because the Alpha was too intimidating, thus they were always dumbstruck at the sight of how easy the Luna was with him. 
"Will Lou pick up his pet?" Cane asked and Ethan scrunched his nose. 
"The merchant said Lil Thing is a gift for Iris, so she can keep this bear." He scratched his head when he felt the anger exuding from Cane.
###Chapter 553: MONSTER ATTACK
Chapter 553: MONSTER ATTACK
"Clean up this bear. It looks so dirty," Cane said before he went to talk with the other warriors and check a few things. 
Even though Cane didn’t like the person who had given the bear, hearing how ferocious this furball could be in the battlefield when it helped to defend the pack against their enemy and those warriors who had been infused with dark magic, the idea of having another layer of protection for his mate was enough to offset his annoyance. 
It would be great if the bear could bite off the head of that mysterious man if he appeared again near his mate. It would help reduce his worries significantly. 
On the other hand, Ethan scratched his nose. "I think he doesn’t really hate you, you should be glad with this news," he mumbled under his breath to the sleeping bear. 
With that, he asked someone to scrub the bear and clean it up before feeding it, yet Lil Thing didn’t even wake up, until they gave it food and was ready to leave again. 
Dean was assigned to assist this white fur ball, so it wouldn’t fall too behind them. 
"Now, it is just us again," Dean said with a deep sigh and the bear whimpered, seemingly unsatisfied with the arrangement too. 
============================== 
"Luna, are you okay?" Joel asked when Iris came to his carriage to check on him. He felt bad because the Luna had to be bothered about his condition, despite Iris’ reassurance that she was fine and she did this without even having the slightest thought that he was a burden. 
Still, the young warrior felt bad because he took so much time from someone of her status, but every time he tried to talk about it, Iris would shush him and look at him with a stern look, which didn’t suit her at all, telling him that she was going to be really mad if he kept talking about it. 
Which essentially stopped Joel from apologizing. 
"I am fine..." Iris said. She bit her lip because she felt uncomfortable sitting down. She was very sore. She kept telling herself not to do it often, but she couldn’t resist the temptation. 
It was already seven days since they left for the Silver River pack and it would take another four days before they reached their destination at this speed. 
Usually, it would only take nine days to reach Silver River pack from the Howling Wolf pack, but this time, because they carried a lot of things and there were at least three big carriages and a dozen more small carriages to carry their things, it slowed them down significantly. 
At this point, Lil Thing managed to catch up to them and sometimes, the creature would run ahead of them until Dean had to lead it back to the entourage, before it could roam around and get lost. 
It was a common sight to have the white fur ball around by now and some warriors had even grown to like this bear, as they slept around it and used its limbs as pillows when they were going to sleep. Thankfully, the silly bear didn’t mind it, as it slept well through the night to notice anything. 
"You look uncomfortable, Luna," Celia chimed in, she stared at Iris with her innocent eyes. And Iris tried her hardest not to blush when she remembered the cause of her discomfort. 
Meanwhile, Haco was fiddling with a few leaves that he found along their journey. The sorcerer looked fine now, save for the few moments where he forgot about Iris and even looked at her with a frown, as if she was a stranger when she came to this carriage. 
"T- try to move your leg!" Iris stumbled on her words, desperately trying to get their attention off of her. 
"Oh." Joel quickly let go of the topic and tried to move his legs. The last time, he could move them more and this made him very happy. He tried harder, but when Grace found out, she reprimanded him not to force himself because it could set back his progress. 
Now Joel could feel more of his legs, such as cold or hot, or even when fur fell on his legs. Lil Thing would leave its fur when it came close to his carriage window, or poked its muzzle inside the window with curiosity. 
"Luna, look!" Joel exclaimed. He could lift his legs, even though it was only an inch off of the bed and it didn’t last long, but of course, it was a progress. "Look! Did you see that?!" Joel was ecstatic. 
"I saw that! I saw that!" Celia clapped her hands in excitement, she was so happy for him. 
Because the three of them stayed in the same carriage, Celia had been looking after Joel as well. It was not anything hard, she only helped him if he needed to get something that he couldn’t reach by himself. 
Joel would also talk with Haco more, whenever the sorcerer forgot about something or he was talking about a random thing. 
It didn’t happen often, but sure enough it happened more than before. 
"Yes, I saw it," Iris said, she felt her eyes sting because she was about to cry. The feeling of happiness engulfed her. She felt so proud of herself because she was able to be of help for someone that she cared for. 
Living her entire life and believing she couldn’t do anything aside from being a burden, really messed up her mind. 
Therefore, when Joel made progress, it was also a progress for her. 
"Luna, you are so great! It’s truly a blessing for our pack to have you as our luna!" Joel said cheerfully. He was so genuine with his words until Iris could feel it. Her heart was so warm and the hug from Celia was well appreciated because she couldn’t hug Joel, since it was not appropriate. 
On the other hand, Haco didn’t seem to be bothered by this joyful moment, as he fiddled with his leaves and stared at the sky out there. 
It was Celia, who approached him and told him about the good news, but all the sorcerer did was smile at this young girl. 
Iris felt this bitterness in her heart to see Haco’s condition. She hoped she could do something for him just like how she helped Joel, but it was not possible, since Haco didn’t have a wolf spirit. 
However, the delight of Joel’s progress didn’t last long, as from outside they could hear a few warriors shouting at the top of their lungs to let them know about a monster attack. 
A second later Aliana appeared at the door of the carriage. 
"Stay inside! No one comes out!" Aliana said sternly before she slammed the door shut and shifted into her beast and joined the fight with the other warriors. 
"Luna..." Celia came to Iris and hugged her, afraid. This was the first time for her to go on a journey and be attacked by monsters on the road. 
"Don’t worry, we will be safe," Iris reassured her. 
Joel immediately looked at the condition out there through the window beside him and watched how three Vermeyes rushed toward them.
###Chapter 554: MONSTER ATTACK (2)
Chapter 554: MONSTER ATTACK (2)
Vermeyes was a monster with a pair of small red eyes, which didn’t match its monstrous body and it couldn’t run fast enough. But this time, they could actually rush toward their carriage and before their warriors could take the three of them down, one managed to break free and plowed into the side of the carriage. 
The Vermeyes stepped on the horses, before it sent the carriage rolling down the hill. 
"Oh, no!" Joel couldn’t do anything, aside from watching in horror when the monster sent the carriage rolling down the hill and it was a wreck with four people inside, as their bodies hit the sturdy carriage, not to mention there were a few things inside, such as a table and some cups, which shattered and hurt them more. 
Joel was thrown out of the carriage and landed hard on the ground. As he lifted his head, he watched in horror when the carriage went down the steep hill, heading toward the cliff. 
"Someone help the Luna!!!" Joel screamed, but when he looked around, he could see why no one came to his aid yet, as they were swarmed by a lot of monsters. 
Massive attacks like this one were not common. Yes, they set out during a season where the monsters were very active, but this was too much. Even when they finally went back to the Howling Wolf pack from the Blue Moon pack, the monster attack was not this massive. 
It overwhelmed them. 
But, a second later, Joel caught something white from the corner of his eyes and it was Lil Thing! The white bear rushed to catch the carriage with a few monsters following behind it. 
Thankfully, those monsters didn’t really care about Joel, who was sitting there, flabbergasted, as they aimed for a bigger treat. 
Meanwhile, it was an amazing sight to see how the sloppy and lazy bear could outrun the carriage that rolled down so fast on the steep hill and actually stopped it by using its body. The white bear let out a loud and dangerous roar when the carriage made a collision with its body. The sound of it was so painful and it actually managed to stop the carriage before it could fall off the cliff. 
Joel held his breath to watch everything that unfolded. He couldn’t care less about whether he was being attacked by the monsters or not, since in his current state, there was no way he would be able to defend himself and the only thing in his mind was the three people inside the carriage. 
"Al... alpha! ALPHA!" Joel screamed at the top of his lungs when he saw the monsters that followed Lil Thing attacking the white bear without so much of a counterattack, aside from receiving a dangerous growl and viscous snarls, which didn’t stop them at all, since the monsters knew their target was in an helpless position. 
The problem was; if Lil Thing fought the monsters, it had to let go of the carriage and for sure, it would slide down and fall off the cliff. 
At this point, Lil Thing could only endure it, until help came. 
"ALPHA! ALPHA!" Joel could only scream for his alpha, to get his attention, as he was pretty far from them and also swarmed by many monsters. There was a high chance Cane didn’t notice Iris’ predicament yet. "ALPHA CANE!" 
Joel felt his chest tighten to see blood smearing Lil Thing’s white fur, as it tried to defend itself by using only one hand, but it made the carriage unstable. 
Lil Thing wouldn’t last long without any help. It was either the bear letting go of the carriage or itself being devoured by the monsters and eventually letting the carriage lose the only thing that stood between it and the cliff. 
In that critical moment, a black wolf dashed toward its predicament and ferociously fought all the monsters. It was the Alpha and the sight of him let Joel breathe in relief, but it didn’t mean they were free from the existing problem. 
During the fight, suddenly, the carriage exploded! Dirt flew in the air and the explosion left white smoke in its wake. It knocked off some monsters nearby and almost made Lil Thing stumble toward the cliff, before it steadied itself. 
Once the dust settled, they saw Iris, Celia and Haco there. The sorcerer held the other two close to him, groaning in pain and breathing heavily. 
Cane only let the sorcerer keep one magic stone, just in case he needed it, despite his declining health and memories. 
Seeing the three of them alive, the black beast resumed fighting off those monsters, lest they attacked his mate and the other two again. In this situation, it was enough for him to confirm his mate was alive, despite the injuries she sustained. 
Celia was unconscious, but Iris was heavily injured, it seemed she took the brunt because she shielded the little girl during their predicament when the carriage rolled down the hill. Blood oozed out from her head, as she curled herself in pain. 
But, when Iris opened her eyes and watched themselves being surrounded by monsters and how Cane, in his beast form, tried to fight them off with Lil Thing, she immediately pushed herself off the ground. She could feel it. The black magic that surrounded them and the thing that was controlling these monsters. 
This attack was too massive. It involved at least four types of monsters, which was unheard of, as each type was a natural enemy for the others, thus it didn’t make sense they worked together for an attack. 
Iris gritted her teeth, the pain made her head feel so light, but it was not something that she had never endured before. She had gone through worse than this and despite how fragile she looked, she had a high tolerance of pain. 
Ignoring her body that was screaming in agony, Iris stood up and did something she was good at. She purified the black magic that surrounded the monsters around her. 
And once she managed to do that, it was easy enough for the Alpha and Lil Thing to kill them all. 
It seemed black magic was the reason why these monsters could work together and were way strong. The same thing that happened to those warriors from the Blue Moon pack, as they were so hard to be killed when they were under the influence of black magic. 
After that, Iris walked toward Lil Thing. Knowing Cane wouldn’t let her go closer to the heart of the battle that was still going on, she chose the white bear to take her there. 
"Take me there," Iris said to Lil Thing, as she climbed on top of the white bear. Its fur was sleek with blood and she grimaced when the bear whimpered in pain when she sat on its back. It didn’t shake her off of its body but obliged her. 
Realizing Iris’ intention, the black beast immediately followed behind in an attempt to stop them, but Lil Thing had already taken Iris halfway there and it was close enough for her to purify the black magic around. 
"STOP!" Iris roared.
###Chapter 555: THE AFTERMATH
Chapter 555: THE AFTERMATH
Ever since what happened in the mountains and how Lu disclosed his ability to control the monsters and Cane suspected it was actually him, who had summoned the monsters to the palace, though the lycan was adamant it was not him who had instigated it, Cane had been trying to practice controlling his ability. 
But, every time he did it, black wisp managed to emerge from him. As this ability belonged to the lycan, it was only right for this creature to come along when he tried to use it, which didn’t help if they were attacked by monsters and were surrounded by people, who were still not aware that Cane was the lycan. 
However, Cane was willing to risk everything when he watched in horror that Iris was in a dire situation and Lil Thing wouldn’t last long. 
Yet, there was something that obstructed him, as if there was a shield around the monsters that didn’t let him control them. They were out of control, as though there was another power that was controlling them and the lycan’s ability couldn’t intervene with that. 
It wouldn’t have come as a surprise if Cane had taken some time to analyze the situation and the monsters’ strange behavior or how hard it was for the warriors to kill them off, as if they had grown very strong. 
But, Cane didn’t have time and he didn’t use his mind when he decided to reveal himself as the lycan, once he saw the carriage almost fall off the cliff. 
He couldn’t reach the monsters and he was so close to letting Lu take over his body, as it was the best chance to save Iris, once he caught the sight of another horde of monsters that was about to join the fray. And so, black wisp started to exude from his body, but before Cane could surrender completely to the lycan, the carriage exploded and everything happened so fast. 
As of now, Iris was sitting behind Lil Thing and heading toward the heart of the battle, which made Cane lose his cool. 
However, Iris seemed to know what she was doing and what to do to save this chaotic situation... 
Sliding down from behind the white bear’s body, she used Lil Thing to support her body when she casted white light from her palms. 
"STOP!" Iris roared at the top of her lungs and strangely enough, the monsters stopped their movements and stood still, this had the same effect as when Lu controlled them. They listened to what she was ordering them to do. 
It was not only Lu, who could control the monsters, but Iris as well? Only then, Cane could feel it, as the obstruction that didn’t allow him to control these monsters disappeared. He could feel them again. 
But, it was not necessary now, because once Iris commanded those monsters to stop, the werewolf warriors immediately killed them off. Without the influence of the black magic, it was pretty easy to take them down, especially when they didn’t fight back. 
This phenomenon was simply too unbelievable for them to comprehend, but they didn’t have time to think about that, as they needed to eliminate the danger first. 
By the time all the monsters had been killed and the putrid smell of blood filled the air, Iris couldn’t hold it any longer. She was losing so much blood and got badly injured, not to mention she exhausted her power as well, thus once the last monster was killed, her body collapsed but Lil Thing was there to catch her fall. 
The pain disappeared once she was no longer in tune with this world... 
================================ 
Iris felt her body was so cold when she was going in and out of consciousness. She felt her ears ringing painfully, there were a lot of people talking around her, but she couldn’t string a sentence they said. 
The only comforting thing was the sound of Cane’s dark voice, filled with panic and helplessness. 
Iris didn’t like the sound of it, she wanted to open her eyes and hug him, tell him not to worry, but she could barely open her eyes before she fell unconscious once again. 
She was not sure how long she had been in this state, but when she finally had enough strength to open her eyes, she was already in a warm and comfortable bedroom with fire lit up in the fireplace and the lizard curled its body next to her head. 
Iris let out a whimper, because her body felt so uncomfortably weak and even though the pain almost didn’t exist, she was so drowsy and her whole body felt like jelly. 
She heard a movement bef someone talking quickly in a low voice in the distance and knew immediately it was Cane. She recognized the way he walked and the sight of him eased her discomfort a little bit. 
Cane immediately sat down on the edge of the bed and held her hand. 
"How are you feeling?" Cane asked, he caressed her cheek and kissed her hand. His eyes left no room to hide. 
"Exhausted and weak..." Iris replied in a small voice. The lizard beside her head lifted its head and blinked at her. 
Cane extended his hand and caressed her hair. He had no words to say, but one look at him, you could tell how distraught he was. He became even more callous now. 
"How long?" Iris asked again when Cane didn’t say anything and just stared at her. 
"Four days." His voice was so grim. Those were the worst four days. It had been a while since Iris lost consciousness for that long. Her health was so great recently, but now this happened again. 
"Oh..." No wonder she felt so tired and hungry. "Are we in the Silver River pack already?" 
"Yes." 
Not long after, Grace entered the bedroom and sat down next to her. She checked her pulse and said something about how her vitality was normal but she needed a lot of rest, while Cane held Iris’ other hand, saying nothing. 
He looked like a calm and cold river, but no one knew the turbulence beneath it. 
=========================== 
"The situation in this continent is not right, we need to leave, Abby." Liam rested his hand on the hilt of his sword. He had sneaked into the Serafim’s room in the middle of the night to persuade her. "You don’t need to meet with the Alpha from the Red Claw pack. I don’t think he is trustworthy. The King is dead and from what I heard, the man on the throne is not a good person. Rumors say, he uses black magic." 
"He was framed. He was the one who contacted us." 
"There is no proof he did not use black magic or tried to lure us here. There must be a hidden motive." 
Abby sat down on her bed, she was contemplating her next words. She knew how much Liam was worried about her. "No, Liam. We need to stay. That’s more the reason for us to stay here. We need the magic stones for our magic users. If something went wrong here, the supply for the magic stones for our people could be cut off. The magic users rely heavily on the magic stones." 
And the Red Claw pack was one of the packs that provided magic stones, aside from the Howling Wolf pack. 
Currently, they were in the Winter Moon pack, Alpha Nolan, the Alpha of the pack, was the first person to greet them once their ship docked. From him, they learned about what was going on in this continent and how the power had divided because of the death of the King. 
They couldn’t receive any news while they were sailing. Moreover, the Holy Kingdom had never intervened with the shifters, aside from their deal of the magic stones, thus they didn’t have people in this continent to inform them about the shift of power during this period of time. 
"The need is mutual, Abby. The magic stones trade between two continents will still continue," Liam emphasized this. He knew this was the excuse Abby used to intervene, though this was not the strongest reason why she wanted to stay and finish her duty, especially when black magic was involved. 
As the Serafim, Abby wanted to prove herself. She had been sick for so long and her health was not that great, thus bad rumors about her started to spread that she was the weakest serafim in history. Liam knew how much it hurt her, since she had never accomplished anything. 
But, this was a different problem. 
"The shifters have no use of magic stones and this trade is their biggest source of income." 
"It will still affect the trade," Abby said adamantly. 
Liam sighed and then approached her, she had this look, whenever she was being stubborn and no one could change her mind. 
"Abby, you don’t need to do this to prove yourself. You are enough. You are chosen to be the Serafim for a reason." 
Abby pressed her lips into a thin line when she heard that. She knew Liam would be able to see through her. "I chose to stay and we will stay. We will meet with Alpha Colter tomorrow." 
Because of the distance between the Winter Moon pack and the Red Claw pack, it would take considerable time for Alpha Colter to be able to cross the border and meet with the Serafim. He would come with his beta, Koda, who was also the great grandfather of the Crown Prince. 
Unfortunately, the Red Claw pack lost the battle.
###Chapter 556: PROVING THEIR POINT
Chapter 556: PROVING THEIR POINT
Had the Red Claw pack managed to support the baby to retain his given position, Koda would have become the regent by now until the baby came of age to take over the throne. 
"This whole situation is so fishy, Abby." Liam grew frustrated. In the public, there was no way he would voice his displeasure over a decision of hers. As her protector, his only duty was to serve, obey and protect her. 
However, things between them were more than that. He cared deeply for her, not just because of his duty as the Holy knight. 
"I know. That’s why we need to know more about it. The activity of black magic becomes more and more problematic nowadays, you know that as well, Liam. It is my duty to eradicate it." 
"Abby..." 
"I don’t want to hear any more protests, Liam. Your duty is to protect me, not to advise me," Abby said sternly and it seemed her words had hurt the knight, as his body stiffened and his voice became a little bit cold. 
"Apologies for overstepping my boundaries, Serafim. I will take my leave. Have a good rest." 
After saying that, Liam turned around and Abby felt a pang in her heart. She hated it when she hurt him and did not listen to him.
They should be in the capital city, but because of the recent power struggle, it was hard to say whether this new king was a safe option, even though Prince Alan was the person who had informed them about the activity of black magic in this continent. However, rumors say that he got involved with black magic too. 
More so, Alpha Nolan had disclosed about Lady Cyan and how she was a dark witch, who had killed the previous king while Alan was her son. 
Abby curled her body, hugging herself while thinking about the meeting with Alpha Colter tomorrow. From the letters she received, there was something very important that needed to be discussed in person, that was why the Alpha and a few of his people were taking the risk to cross the border to meet her in person. 
=========================== 
Since the day of the attack, Cane had never left Iris’ side, he sent Ethan and a few warriors to learn the situation in the Silver River pack and report it back to him. 
Though it was not efficient to do just this and he was used to inspecting everything on his own, he couldn’t bring himself to go out until Iris was in a good condition and he was sure she was out of danger. 
It was not that Iris was in a life threatening situation. Grace herself said she only needed to rest, but in Cane’s eyes she was. She looked so pale and lethargic, and most of the time, she would sleep without moving at all. 
Out of fear, Cane would put his finger under her nose and could only feel slightly relieved when he could feel her warm breath. He would even place his palm over her chest at times to feel her heartbeat. 
"You can control monsters?" Cane asked her on the fourth day. Iris looked a little bit better now and she could hold a long conversation. 
"I did it out of impulse." Iris bit her spoon and thought about that. "I think I have done it before..." 
She had indeed commanded the monsters to stop out of impulse. And she felt like she had done this before and when she thought about it, she remembered that it was when she saved Ania when they were in the Blue Moon pack’s mines and there was a monster attack. 
"I didn’t realize at that time that I could make them stop, but thinking back to it again... I think I did it when there was a monster attack in the palace too when Lou saved me." 
Cane scoffed derisively when he heard that. Since Lu refused to admit he was the one who had summoned the monsters in the palace, even though the lycan said proudly that he was the one who escalated the situation, there was no one who could do that aside from Lou, especially when the merchant was actually a magic user too. 
And when Cane thought about what kind of benefits the merchant had gotten... he actually bagged a lot of benefits from that incident. 
However, Cane was not in the mood to bring him into this conversation. 
"How can you do it?" Cane emphasized the main topic. 
"I don’t know, it just happened. Oh, I think you couldn’t do it because those monsters were controlled by black magic. That’s why you felt an obstruction." 
"I guessed as much." Cane nodded. 
Since Iris could purify black magic, it was possible for her to take the control back. But, until now they were still not sure whether she purified black magic or actually absorbed it... 
Iris glanced at Cane, she put her spoon down, feeling so full. She ate too much, but he always said she had not eaten enough. Well, compared to him, the amount of food she ate was insignificant. "I think it will be the same feeling when you control the monsters." 
"I don’t think so." In Cane’s case, he had to exert some efforts to take control of the lycan’s ability, but when Iris did that, she did it effortlessly. 
However, whenever Cane tried to communicate with the lycan, this cursed creature actually shut him off. He refused to talk, but Cane could still feel his anger to see Iris was hurt. 
"Do you think the abilities of the first Serafim and the lycan to control the monsters are somehow related?" 
"Probably," Cane replied. He forked a piece of meat and placed it before her lips for her to eat it. "I am glad you have this ability, so no monster can hurt you in the future." Cane’s eyes then filled with amusement when he remembered another thing. "And no shifter will be a bother for you if they still want to live." 
Iris chuckled. "You make it sound like I am a badass!" 
"Finish your meal," Cane said, as he caressed her head. "I will leave for a while this afternoon." He had been by Iris’ side for days and the matters in the Silver River pack fell so behind, it couldn’t be delayed anymore. 
"I am full," Iris whimpered. "You have not yet told me about the situation in the Silver River pack." 
They had arrived almost a week back, but because of Iris’ condition, she needed to recover and rest inside the bedroom, thus aside from this room, she had never been anywhere or heard anything about the matters at hand, since Cane refused to talk about it, giving an excuse she needed to rest. 
"Later." Cane leaned over and kissed her lips, his method to distract her and make her stop talking. Who said his mate was timid? She could be so bold whenever they were alone... 
========================== 
Because Cane refused to tell her about what was going on, Iris had a way to get a little bit of information about the situation they were in at this moment. 
However, Aliana seemed to focus on a different matter. 
"Luna! You can control monsters?!" Aliana looked excited when she came to bring her lunch. All this time, no one was allowed to enter the room, aside from Grace, as she needed to check her condition from time to time. The food would always be delivered to the door and the Alpha would get it. 
Therefore, this was the first time for Aliana to talk and meet with Iris in person after the incident on their way to the Silver River pack. 
"How can you do that?! That’s awesome! All the warriors have been talking about it!" Aliana looked so enthusiastic, as she pulled a chair and sat down, eager to listen to Iris’ explanation. "When did you realize you could control the monsters?" 
"It’s not that I can control them as I like..." Iris grimaced. 
However, Aliana waved her hands impatiently. "A handful of warriors said it’s just great timing and the monsters were only shocked when you screamed at them to stop, thus they didn’t move, but that crap is nonsense. All of us witnessed how the monsters stopped moving when you commanded them to do so." 
Those warriors were the ones who still held a grudge against Iris. It was well known that the provocation from the royal warriors when they stayed in their pack had affected them so much. It brought back all the unpleasant memories and incited their hatred toward her again. 
"Eron and Dyne have been bragging about it and telling anyone who wants to listen about how awesome to have you as the Luna." Aliana grinned when she saw how Iris’ expression turn into one of horror when she heard that. She didn’t like to be the center of the attention and the two warriors simply dragged her to be one. 
"I think I need to have a talk with the two of them..." Iris muttered under her breath. She had been followed by the two of them long enough to know that they could go overboard with their dramatic storytelling. 
Aliana chuckled when she heard that. "Don’t be too harsh on them, Luna. They are so happy to prove to everyone that you deserve your title and how good you are." 
Of course, Dyne and Eron were well aware of the hatred that was directed toward Iris from their fellow warriors and they did this to prove their point how wrong it was for them to hate her.
###Chapter 557: PROVING THEIR POINT (2)
Chapter 557: PROVING THEIR POINT (2)
Eron and Dyne’s intention was not bad, they even tangled in an altercation with the warriors who talked bad about Iris. 
"Don’t worry, I will not send them to the dungeon or chase after the monsters," Iris replied, hinting at the punishments Cane gave to them and this made both of them chuckle. "Now, tell me what happened while I was unconscious. Cane refuses to talk about it with me, he keeps telling me that I need to rest. I am pretty fine now." 
"Luna, if the Alpha did not tell you, there must be a reason. Maybe you are still not yet fit enough for this heavy conversation." Aliana looked reluctant to give Iris a helping hand. 
"I promise, I am really fine, Aliana. I will not tell Cane anything about it and pretend that I know nothing." 
Aliana narrowed her eyes. "But, the problem is, you can’t lie to the Alpha, Luna. You know that." 
"Oh..." Iris couldn’t retort that. Aliana was right. It was so rare for someone to be able to pass Cane’s observant eyes and Iris was not even good at lying. More so, Cane knew her better than herself at times. 
Seeing how Iris’ expression turned gloomy, Aliana giggled, as her eyes turned mischievous. "I will tell you, but if the Alpha gets angry, will you cover me?" 
Iris giggled with her. "Yes, of course!" She felt like she was in cahoots with Aliana and this feeling was so refreshing. 
Iris loved Hanna without a doubt, but she had never seen her eye to eye, as Hanna would always think of herself as her personal maid and wouldn’t let herself cross that line, but with Aliana, Iris felt like she finally had a friend. 
Aliana was mischievous, it could be said, she was even more playful than Ethan. She felt like a sister or friend that Iris had never had. 
Probably it was too early to have an opinion about her, but Iris felt comfortable around her from the very first day she was assigned as her personal warrior.
"Tell me what it is?" Iris leaned her body over, impatient to know what was going on, since Cane looked so closed off about it. 
"Okay." Aliana knew this was against the Alpha’s wishes, but then she was Iris’ personal warrior and she answered to her call, not the Alpha’s, so did the other seven warriors, even though they couldn’t blatantly disobey Cane. 
However, in Aliana’s mind, as a luna, one needed to be well aware of the state they were in and also their surroundings. And Iris looked fine enough to have this conversation. The Alpha was only being overly protective and worried about his mate. 
"The situation is not good, Luna," Aliana started. 
"What happened?" Iris could feel it, but she was not sure how bad the situation was. 
Aliana explained all the details of things that had transpired and Iris couldn’t believe a lot of things that happened during such a short period of time. 
First, Aliana started with the birth of almost twenty babies in the Riverside pack, while there were more women ready to give birth within the next month and more within the following ones, which meant, by the end of the year, the Riverside pack would have more than two hundred newborns, who needed to be fed. 
It happened because of Alpha Gill’s twisted mind when he had instructed to build the tunnel that would connect the Riverside pack and the Chrystal Moon pack. 
However, compared to what was going on in the capital city, the problem with the newborns was a speck of dust. 
The latest news they heard, Alan, as the new king, had killed all the previous king’s right hand men, leaving only those, whose packs were still allies for the royals. 
Of course, this infuriated Alpha Derick, because the representative of his pack had been killed mercilessly and now his pack was on the spear, while its body was being devoured by the monsters. 
It seemed, Alpha Derick opening his pack for Prince Kellan to flee from the palace was seen as himself taking a stand to contradict the royals. 
Leaving Cane, as the only alpha in the south to take his stand. If Cane refused to succumb under Alan’s reign, it was a clear reason for the royals to attack them. 
The problem was, larger territories came with more troubles than you could imagine, especially when these packs had not yet completely accepted Cane as their new alpha. 
"There is this group called Silver Warriors, who have been rallying people behind them to oppose Alpha Cane. They refused to support Alpha Cane and merge all the packs under one command. The Alpha is considering letting go of the Silver River pack, but the problem is..." 
"What is the problem?" Iris frowned. 
"This pack will not survive without our help. There are a lot of members of this pack that have been living even more poorly than the people of the Riverside pack. There are a lot of children." 
"Can’t we take them with us and relocate them somewhere else?" Iris thought if this pack was so adamant to not accept Cane as their alpha, even though they realized they were on the verge of death, it must be their loss. They were a lost cause and they should focus on those people, who really needed their help. 
"We can’t do that, Luna. There is a strange condition with the members of this pack." Aliana looked uneasy. "If we relocate them somewhere, it will not be fair for the other pack and it will only cause another trouble." 
"What do you mean by strange condition?" 
============================== 
"It must be Lady Cyan and her father, who had done that," Ethan said with a frown. "No wonder the monsters around the Goffa mountain disappeared all of a sudden. So, she can control them...?" 
The two of them walked in the streets, while there were so many pack members of this pack, who stared at them fearfully. Some of them tried to avoid Cane and the others, but some of them barged closer and asked for money or food. 
"Thankfully, Iris can counterattack that one," Ethan gushed, his gloomy expression lit up a bit. "Unfortunately, we are still clueless about Lady Cyan’s whereabouts." 
"Trion and the others are still in the capital city?" Cane asked. He had instructed them to leave if the situation escalated and if they felt it was too dangerous for them to stay in the orphanage, after all, Alan knew they were Cane’s people and his grudge wouldn’t allow anyone, who were related to Cane, to live another day peacefully. 
"They have retreated, the last letter you received from them in the Howling Wolf pack was the last letter they wrote from the orphanage." 
Cane nodded. That last letter also contained a letter for Iris from one of the children in the orphanage. 
However, both of them stopped talking, as the warriors that walked with them immediately surrounded their alpha as a protective cover. They then felt this strong killing intent. 
"Silver Warriors!" Ethan hissed hatefully, as he shifted into his beast, once he saw one of them started to attack. 
The street was not too large, thus it was inevitable that if a fight broke out here, a lot of people would get injured as well and some of them were children. 
======================= 
"Serafim," Alpha Colter greeted Abby politely, he lowered his head in front of this beauty. "It is a pleasure to finally be able to meet with you." 
"The pleasure is mine," Abby said in her calm voice. 
Meanwhile Koda couldn’t help, but frown, because the Serafim before his eyes reminded him of a certain runt, especially how delicate she looked and her hair color or the color of her eyes. 
He wondered if Cane’s mate was related to this woman in any way, since the two of them resemble each other so much. They could be passed as siblings. 
"Let’s cut this conversation short," Abby said, she didn’t like making small talk when it was not necessary to do so. "Tell me the important thing that you want to tell me." 
Koda cleared his throat, because he was the one with full knowledge of what was going on. He took over the conversation from there. 
"I know, Alpha Dex must have told you about the situation in the capital city and there is this power struggle for the throne, thus the kingdom is a little bit chaotic right now." 
"Yes, I am aware of that," Abby said. She was only twenty three, but despite her sickly appearance, she had this calm and serene aura around her. She was the Serafim after all. 
"Alpha Dex must have told you the origin of Prince Alan, who currently is the King." 
"Yes, Lady Cyan is a dark witch, but Prince Alan was the one who had informed me about the activity of black magic in this continent and how he was disgraced by being accused of practicing it." 
"He is indeed practicing black magic, Serafim," Koda said. His voice was a little bit emotional when he spoke again. "He lured you to come to this continent." 
Standing behind the Serafim, the five Holy Knights in their armors hardened their expression upon hearing that. The tension inside this room was so thick and the five knights looked so dangerous. One of them took a step forward to stand right beside the Serafim. 
"What do you mean by that?" 
"Do you know Decratic?" 
Actually, Koda was not sure what he was talking about, but this was Cane’s instruction.
###Chapter 558: THE FABRICATION STORY
Chapter 558: THE FABRICATION STORY
"You know Decratic?" Actually, Koda was not really sure what he was talking about, but this was Cane’s instruction. Since his pointers always made things easier for them, he followed this one as well. "I brought the bodies of the dead royal warriors who had been infused with dark magic before their death. You may check."
"What do you mean? How do you know about Decratic?" Abby stood up from her seat. The information on Decratic was not something that was open to people outside of the Holy Kingdom, since it would cause a ruckus and the practice of black magic would go out of hand. 
The matters in this continent were way more serious than they thought. 
On the other hand, Koda was also surprised to see Serafim’s strong reaction. What kind of secrets and informations that the Alpha from the Howling Wolf pack held? How could he gather so many resources when he just managed to free himself and his people less than a year ago? 
Despite what he felt, Koda kept his calm. Alpha Colter also didn’t show anything on his expression, as if they were talking about a trivial matter. 
"Explain yourself!" Abby said sternly, her blue eyes flashed with impatience because Koda stopped talking before explaining how he knew about Decratic. 
Feigning frustration, Koda sighed deeply, as if he was very reluctant to talk about this. "My dear grandson was killed by the lycan, and as it turned out, he was being sacrificed for the resurrection of Decratic. The five alphas in the south joined hands with the Crown Prince to summon the lycan. Thankfully, Alpha Cane managed to stop them and execute them all before more sacrifices were made." 
Abby and the others had heard about the lycan, but Koda’s explanation didn’t answer her question. He only gave unnecessary details about what happened in the south. "How is it related to the fact that you know about Decratic?" Abby narrowed her eyes, her whole body was so tense. 
"When I was in the palace, I heard a conversation between Prince Alan and Lady Cyan, they were talking about summoning the lycan and the resurrection of Decratic. But because I was a little bit too far, I couldn’t hear their conversation so well, but one sentence that stuck with me was what Lady Cyan said; ’we need to kill the Serafim in order to resurrect Decratic.’ And Prince Alan replied that he would lure you to come to this continent." 
The five knights behind the Serafim clenched their jaws and grinded their molars. It was a threat for the Serafim and if it was proven to be true, the Holy Kingdom had every right to execute the King for the intention alone. 
Serafim was the most important person in this realm, since she was the only person who held such immense power, which was not limited by magic stones. All the magic users needed the magic stones to support their power, but it wasn’t the case with the Serafim. 
She was an embodiment of justice and kindness in this world, the balance to the Decratic, as both entities stood on the opposite sides of the scale. You need to keep the scale in balance in order for this realm to be able to work. 
"However, just like you are seeing, nothing seemed to go according to their plan and now that this has happened, the kingdom has been split. There are two groups." Koda didn’t need to give a long explanation about who the two groups were, since in his eyes, his enemies were only those in the capital city and with a lot of aid that Alpha Cane gave to them, of course, he assumed he was on their side. 
But, the question was; did Koda really overhear the conversation between lady Cyan and prince Alan? Of course, the answer was ’no’. The story was fabricated and the mastermind behind it was absolutely not Koda or Alpha Colter. 
Cane wanted to know more about Decratic because it was getting hard to have a conversation with Haco, since he forgot a lot of things and because he had left the Holy Kingdom long back, it was difficult for me to recall many things while he did not keep tabs on what happened there during those five decades since he left. 
But, once again, Cane displayed how cunning he could be because he didn’t serve by himself, instead he used Koda, making it appear as if the Beta knew all of those things, so when there was a repercussion, it wouldn’t be Cane, who would take the brunt. 
"Serafim, I am not here to cloud your judgment, but I feel like I have an obligation to tell you the truth about what was happening in this continent." After such an advance, Koda retreated, so he wouldn’t appear too hard before these people from the Holy Kingdom. 
After all, Koda had lived through a lot of adversities, he knew how to handle a situation like this. You had to know when to retreat, it was as important as to know when you had to advance. 
"I want justice for my grandson that had been killed brutally as the sacrifice for the lycan and my great grandson’s rights. He was crowned by the previous king as the next in line for the throne on the sixth day he was born. You hold justice for this realm and I am here looking for the same." 
Koda played his role as a loving grandfather, who only wanted justice and to make things right, well. He then added more to show how benevolent he was. 
"I don’t care about who sits on the throne now, as long as it’s not the son of that dark witch, the very person, who has lured the Serafim to this continent to kill her, in order to resurrect the Decratic." 
Abby narrowed her eyes. She didn’t say anything for a while. "Do you know what Decratic is?" She was not sure how much this shifter knew about the information that should be guarded closely back in the Holy Kingdom. 
"I am not sure, but if I can say, Decratic is the opposite of you." Cane had prepared this answer for him. "Enlighten me, if I am wrong." 
Of course, Abby wouldn’t give him an explanation. She didn’t say if he was right or wrong, even though there were a lot of missing points in Koda’s story. 
Killing a Serafim wouldn’t help resurrect Decratic, that was not how it worked, but the fact Koda knew a lot of things that he shouldn’t, was enough to make Abby think about this matter deeply and take it seriously. 
"We need to put an end to a tyrant sovereign. Having people who practice dark magic to sit on the throne is a disaster." 
Koda’s aim was clear. He wanted to get all the support he needed, especially after his defeat and having the Holy Kingdom on their corner would just be perfect. 
========================= 
The ambush by the Silver Warriors didn’t leave any casualties on the Howling Wolf pack’s side, but the members of the Silver River pack that happened to be there had to sustain serious wounds, especially children and because their healing ability had not yet developed well, Grace had to come and cast healing power on them, or else, they would have died from blood loss. 
When Iris heard that, she felt so worried and wanted to go and see for herself that Cane was alright, but Aliana didn’t allow her. There was a high chance there would be a second attack and Cane would go ballistic if he saw his mate with no protection in the middle of such chaos. Aliana didn’t even want to imagine how the Alpha would lose it on them. 
In the end, Iris understood and waited not so patiently in the pack house. 
Currently, they were living in the pack house of the Silver River pack. This building looked very luxurious and spelled out how well off Alpha Gian was, despite his pack’s members living in poverty and being barely able to feed their stomachs on a day by day basis. 
Iris was sitting on the lower stairs, as she waited for Cane, staring at the door and when she heard the rhythmic clip- clops, she immediately stood up and rushed toward the front door and found Cane had just dismounted his horse. 
Without thinking twice, Iris immediately rushed toward him and hugged him tightly, she almost knocked the Alpha off of his feet. Thankfully, even in his subconsciousness, he didn’t feel Iris’ presence as a threat, so her sudden action didn’t alert him. 
If it was someone else, he would have attacked them without even thinking twice or figuring out who it was first. 
"Are you okay?" Iris asked, she lifted her head and checked on Cane. She didn’t see any injuries, though there were a few bloodstains here and there, overall he was fine. 
"Don’t you think you asked the wrong person?" Ethan asked, as he dismounted his horse beside Cane’s. "Such a battle is nothing to the Alpha. You should have asked me instead." 
Iris frowned at Ethan, but she saw he was fine, though a little bit messy, he was fine, alive and a little bit annoying. 
"I am fine," Cane said, as he put his arm around her hips and escorted her into the pack house. "Don’t go out. It’s not safe out there." The Silver Warriors had become a headache now. Cane was considering leaving this pack and starting their journey to the Diandem pack and see if that pack was worth saving, since there was nothing to be reconsidered here.
###Chapter 559: THE STRANGE CONDITION
Chapter 559: THE STRANGE CONDITION
"What is going on, Cane?" Iris asked him when they were back in the comfort of their bedroom. It was not this luxurious bedroom that offered them peace, being in each other’s presence did. It was the absolute heaven for the two of them. It was a break that they needed. "Was it the mutineers?" 
Iris could see that Cane’s wolf spirit was fine and this made her feel relieved, but she needed to see with her own eyes, to be sure, especially the spots with bloodstains. 
Cane watched how worried Iris was and his gaze turned misty. He let her touch him casually, something he wouldn’t let anyone else do. He didn’t like to be touched, but after being with her this long, the thought of it didn’t bother him anymore, but of course, it only applied to her, since he wouldn’t let anyone else touch him so easily. 
"Yes." Cane extended his hand and played with her hair. 
"I will get you clean clothes, so you will feel comfortable." Iris immediately went to pick the clothes before Cane could say anything and the Alpha felt better to see how anxious his mate was. It was bad of him to feel delighted to see his mate like this, but it was a nice feeling to know someone was genuinely worried about him. 
It was not that his pack members didn’t care about him, but of course, it was a different feeling when it was his mate. 
Iris returned with a set of clothes for Cane and then went back to fetch a towel and a basin of warm water. 
"You can ask someone to do it." Cane tilted his head to see how busy his mate was. Her face turned red because she moved around so much. 
"I can do it." Letting someone else do it, meant letting them enter the bedroom. Iris didn’t like the idea, nor did Cane. "You did it for me a few times when I was sick, I can do it, too." There was a tinge of stubbornness to her voice, as she wanted to return the favor. 
"Okay." Cane caressed her cheek and kissed the tip of her nose. 
"Raise both of your arms." Iris knelt in front of Cane on the bed, so she could take off his shirt. 
The Alpha obliged and Iris pulled his shirt over his head. "Do you want me to take off my pants too?" He asked in an even voice, but Iris could feel the ambiguity in his tone. 
"L- later," she stuttered a bit, as her mind swerved in the wrong direction. 
"Okay. Just let me know if you want me to take them off," Cane said casually. 
Iris bit her lip as she had to make an effort to keep her mind clean. She focused on her task; wiping all the bloodstains from Cane’s body. 
Despite his scars, the Alpha had a nice body, he was packed with muscles and his tanned skin glistened under the rays of the sunlight coming in through the window. 
For a moment, Iris was captivated by the sight in front of her, before her face turned even redder. 
"Do you like what you see?" 
"Uh. Oh?" Cane’s question snapped Iris back to reality, as she didn’t even realize that she had been ogling at him. Ugh! This was so embarrassing. "Oh, right! Wh- what about the mutineers? What happened in the town? T- tell me everything." 
Iris immediately wrung the towel and started to wipe Cane’s body, trying to focus on what he said. 
"They are called Silver Warriors." Cane started to tell her. He knew that he had been holding back information from her, but then he realized he fell back to his old habits again, so he tried to communicate better with her. 
Cane meant every word he said, especially when he said he was going to try and make this relationship work. At that time, he didn’t know whether he would develop genuine feelings for Iris or not. But, the fact they would spend the rest of their lives together was enough to make him decide that he wanted to make things comfortable for both of them. 
But now, the effort was sincere. Cane really wanted to make things work between them, not out of necessity, but because he truly wanted it. 
"They are the former warriors of the Silver River pack." Cane twisted her curls between his fingers, as Iris wiped his chest and neck. "Not all the former warriors from the Silver River pack joined the mutineers, but their amount is pretty significant, they can be troublesome." 
"What are you going to do about them?" 
"I am considering leaving this pack. There is nothing to be saved here if they refuse our help." Cane then mindlessly made a small braid with Iris’ hair. "We still need to think of the famine and the upcoming winter. With so many people needing to be fed, the black market alone is not a solution." 
With seven packs to feed, they needed to find another alternative, therefore, losing one or two packs, which didn’t give them any benefits, could help in the long run. 
Iris understood that, but she felt it was not right to leave all these people behind, especially the pack members, who were clearly heavily dependent on their help to survive. It felt wrong to abandon those people, who didn’t do anything wrong to them, just because some of them were against their help. 
"Cane, I heard there is a certain condition that appeared in the people in this pack, so you can’t bring them to the other packs. What happened?" Iris remembered what Aliana said. 
Hearing that, Cane narrowed his eyes. Iris shouldn’t have known about such a thing if no one told her about that, but he didn’t need to ask to know who had informed her about it. 
"Their condition is called Grebis." Cane leaned over and kissed her hair that he had braided, while Iris wiped his left arm and shoulders. 
"What is that? I have never heard about that," Iris said with a frown. She had never heard nor read about that. "Did I miss something in the book?" 
"I don’t think they wrote it in the book. This is an insignificant condition and only seen in the low ranking members of this pack only. The writer of those books you read, must not want to be bothered by this unnecessary information." 
Iris frowned. "What is Grebis?" 
"It appears often in the lower rank members of this pack, where their skin looks like it’s burned and before long, burnt scars appear. From what I learn, they don’t itch or anything, but if you leave it at that, it could kill you." 
The frown between her brows deepened. "Is it infectious?" 
"I don’t think so. Alpha Gian and the other high ranking members of the pack didn’t contract it for as long as I know," Cane said. He remembered they didn’t catch it because he had watched them naked more often than he liked. "But, people from the other packs didn’t want to accept this pack’s low ranked members suffering from such a strange condition. They are afraid it will be infectious and because a stigma about it has been formed, it’s harder to explain the situation when we don’t know clearly what happened to them." 
"How will one die because of that condition?" Iris went behind Cane to wipe his back. "You said it’s not deathly." 
"Yes, it’s not deathly, but if it reached your eyes, you would become blind and if it reached your ears, you would become deaf and if it reached your respiratory tract, you would not be able to breathe, which would lead to your death." 
Iris didn’t like the sound of it. Being suffocated until you met your demise was so cruel and it was a slow and painful death. 
"All the people who are not trying to rebel against us are mostly the lower rank members and they are suffering from that condition. No pack will accept them." Cane didn’t say it out loud, but it was a fact that they would die without their help, but their condition might kill them faster. 
"Are there any children with that condition?" 
"Yes." 
Iris was silent for a while and then tugged at his pants. "Take them off," she said absentmindedly. 
However, Cane took the towel from her hand and turned his body. "I will do it." 
"I can do it." 
"If you are the one to do it, we are not going to have lunch anytime soon. You are still recovering from exhausting your power. I don’t want to do anything to ruin your health." Cane kissed her neck and nibbled there a little bit longer. 
"I am going to take a quick bath. Stay here." 
Cane stood up and walked toward the bathroom, leaving Iris alone there. "If you are going to take a bath, why did I wipe you?" She muttered to herself and decided to go out of the bedroom to look for Ethan, she wanted to know more. 
"Where is Ethan?" 
Zephyr, Kian and Asher were outside when she walked out of the bedroom and the three of them looked at her funnyly. She didn’t think much about it, but then, Zephyr blocked her way. 
"Are you going to look for Gamma Ethan?" 
"Yes, where is he?" 
"Luna... don’t you think, you want to change your dress?" 
Iris frowned, she looked down at her dress and didn’t find anything weird. Her dress was impeccable, so why would she want to change? 
But then, Kian pointed at his own neck... 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 560: CAN WE TALK FOR A WHILE?
Chapter 560: CAN WE TALK FOR A WHILE?
At first, Iris didn’t understand why Zephyr asked her to change her dress. She felt that nothing was wrong with the dress she was wearing. It was neat and clean, though the lower part was a little bit crumpled because she knelt to wipe Cane’s body clean. Save for it, everything else was fine. 
But then, Kian pointed at his own neck. 
"What? What happened?" Iris felt a little bit self conscious with the way they stared at her. She touched her own neck, unconsciously, but there was nothing there. "What is it?" She was flustered. 
Iris stared at the three warriors who looked at each other with conflicted eyes, as if they were throwing the responsibility to one another about who would tell her what actually was going on. 
"Speak, what is it?" Iris became a little bit impatient, as she felt uncomfortable. 
"Luna..." Zephyr called her sheepishly. He moved in front of her until his tall body towered over hers. If Iris was not used to Cane, she would have felt very intimidated by the warrior, while the other two warriors paid close attention to everything, but her. "There is something on your neck." 
Iris touched her neck again, but she was sure there was nothing there. 
"No. I mean, I think the Alpha left a mark on your neck." 
Only when Zephyr said that, did everything finally click in Iris’ mind and she screeched, as she turned around and entered the bedroom again, slamming the door behind her. 
Cane! 
She remembered Cane kissing her neck before and telling her to stay, but she didn’t think he would be so cunning to leave such a mark on her neck. This was mortifying! She would have most likely embarrassed herself had she walked out with such an obvious mark on her neck! Ethan and Aliana would have teased her to death if they had seen this! 
On the other side of the door, Kian and Asher looked at each other, they had the same thought; this was unbelievable! Every time their alpha spent some time alone with his mate, he seemed like he had turned into someone else. 
The contrasting thing that the warriors could feel was; whenever their luna was close by, their alpha would look less scary and domineering. He would even talk a little bit more and recently, he even started to explain the things related to his command, so they didn’t go on doing blind assignments like they used to do, but in the absence of their luna... well, one could say his presence alone demanded absolute respect from them. His presence was very strong! 
"At this rate, I bet we will see our luna getting pregnant in the near future," Kian said. 
While Asher and Zephyr didn’t say anything, they too could imagine that. This was their first experience to go on a long journey with their alpha and luna. If Ethan was there, the Gamma would have told them they had not yet seen much, with a smug face. 
Meanwhile, inside the bedroom, Iris immediately looked at herself in the mirror and saw the glaring red mark on her neck. She couldn’t help but grimace. How could Cane leave such a mark? He didn’t kiss her that hard? She was sure he only nibbled for a bit... 
"Do you like it?" 
Iris jumped a little when she heard Cane’s voice and then turned around, she became very defensive, but the sight that greeted her eyes left her gobsmacked. 
Cane just finished his quick bath and now he was completely naked with only a towel hanging low around his hips as water droplets ran down his jaw and chest from his wet hair. 
"Cane!" Iris’ initial response was to get mad at him for leaving such a mark on her neck, but the sight of him simply left her speechless. 
"Yes?" Cane walked across the room casually and went to the bed to put on the clothes that Iris had prepared for him. 
"This!" Iris pointed at her neck. "Why did you do this?" She was about to cry out of embarrassment. 
"I am sorry, I didn’t think it would leave a mark." He didn’t sound remorseful at all. "But, it’s fine. It’s only me who can see that." 
"No..." Iris wailed, as she approached Cane. "Zephyr, Asher and Kian saw it when I was about to go out." 
Cane raised his brows. "Didn’t I tell you to stay?" 
He did. 
"That’s..." Iris was lost for words. Cane never really forbade her from doing something, thus she didn’t think much when he told her to stay. "I- I wanted to see Ethan..." 
"He is still alive, his injuries must have healed by now," Cane replied casually, as he put on his pants and a smirk appeared on the corners of his lips, but Iris missed it, because she averted her eyes. "Don’t go around carelessly. It’s not safe, even inside the pack house." 
Cane put away his towel and now he was all dressed up. He took Iris into his arms and made her look at him. 
The Silver Warriors were originally the warriors of this pack, thus of course, they would know every nook and cranny of this pack like the backs of their hands. If they decided to infiltrate this pack house, they would have the advantage to reach a certain place quicker than the Howling Wolf pack warriors and escape. 
"Understood?" He explained all of that gently to her, making sure she knew the gravity of the situation, because she tended to neglect her own safety. 
"Understood." Iris nodded and Cane rewarded her with a gentle kiss on her lips. "Can I see Ethan?" 
Cane groaned when he heard that. 
============================ 
Iris glanced at her right and left, as she walked in the center of her small entourage. Dyne was on her left, while Eron was on her right, while two warriors were behind her and another two were in front of her. Zephyr had taken the lead. 
"Don’t you think it’s too much? We are in the pack house," Iris said in a low voice, tugging at Dyne’s sleeve, so he would bend his body slightly, since he was too tall for Iris to whisper to him. 
However, with how close they were, the other warriors could still hear what she said. 
"There are those Silver warriors, Luna, the Alpha is worried they will sneak into the pack house." Basically, Dyne explained the same thing as Cane did and Iris couldn’t protest. Even though she wanted to say she could squeeze their wolf spirits if they tried to do anything funny to her, she wouldn’t let that smug idea slip from her lips. 
Somehow, Iris felt so great to know she could defend herself against the shifters. This boosted her confidence and made her feel great about herself because she wouldn’t be a liability for people around her like she used to, like how people used to perceive her... 
Currently, Cane left to take care of a few things with Oliver and Iris wanted to see Ethan. After that, she needed to check on Joel’s condition. 
Cane didn’t allow her to use her power since she just recovered, but right now, Iris felt it would be fine and Grace’s concoction helped tremendously with her condition. 
However, before she could find Ethan, she saw Grace with Lil Thing in the garden, the white bear slumped against a big tree. The creature let out a pitiful sound, but when it noticed Iris, the fur ball immediately rolled over its body toward her. 
"What happened?" Iris asked, as Lil Thing curled around her ankles. The other warriors stepped aside to let this creature approach their luna, knowing it wouldn’t hurt her. 
"It’s fine, Luna. Lil Thing doesn’t like whenever I treat its wounds, because it stung a little bit," Grace explained. 
Iris knew Lil Thing had been hurt badly during the monster attack, but only upon a closer look did she notice the extent of its injuries. Those wounds still looked so bad, you could see the bite marks on its skin. There were even some parts where its fur was gone, showing its skin. 
Iris crouched down, it made her sad to see this sweet bear whimper in pain. 
"Don’t worry, Luna. The wounds will heal, but I think it will take some time. I am still trying to look for the right medicine for it, because the current one seemingly doesn’t work," Grace spoke again when she saw the Luna touch the bald spots on the bear’s shoulder, as the creature shuddered in pain. 
Iris caressed the spot lightly and at first, Lil Thing squirmed, trying to get away from her, but was too lazy to move its body, but a moment later, the creature looked comfortable enough and even nuzzled its head to rest on Iris’ thigh. 
"It’s okay, you can continue to give the same medicine," Iris said softly, as the bear felt content with her touch.
No one would believe how ferocious this bear could be if it was in battle mode. 
"Really?" Grace looked doubtful. 
"Yes, the reason why your concoction didn’t work was because there were traces of dark magic. The monsters were controlled by dark forces, that’s why it is hard for the wounds to heal." The same thing happened with Joel’s legs. 
Some of the warriors were also injured during the monster attack, but because their injuries were not fatal like Joel and Lil Thing’s, the traces of dark magic gradually disappeared, while in Lil Thing and Joel’s case, it embedded deep into their system. 
"Luna... how can you purify dark magic?" Zephyr asked, but Iris just smiled at him and stood up. 
"Luna, can we talk for a moment?" Grace asked before Iris could leave. 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 561: THIS PACK IS A LOST CAUSE
Chapter 561: THIS PACK IS A LOST CAUSE
Lil Thing followed Iris when she agreed to talk with Grace and then dropped around her ankles again, once the two of them stood a little bit faraway from the seven warriors, so they would be able to have a private conversation. 
"What happened?" Iris asked, glancing at the fur ball before her legs, seemingly the bear was sleepy, as it closed its eyes. 
Meanwhile, Grace was speechless to see this bear. She was grateful Lil Thing came with them, or else, she couldn’t even imagine what would have happened to Iris and the other people inside the carriage, but, seriously, this bear had two polar opposite sides to itself. 
"I want to let you know that I am running out of water magic stones. We need those to make your concoctions." Grace didn’t look awkward when she told Iris about that. 
Even though Iris was blushing a little bit, as both of them knew what kind of concoction that Grace was talking about, she knew this situation could be troublesome. 
The only place that Iris could think of getting the water magic stones was the black market, to be specific, it was Lou’s territory, the Rosantine guild, in the black market. 
Iris wondered if she could ask him a favor, but then she needed to discuss this with Cane as well. 
"Have you told Cane about this?" Iris asked, wondering what Cane’s suggestion for this matter would be. 
However, Grace shook her head. "I can’t bring up this conversation in front of the Alpha since he has been stressed out by a lot of things, more so, the timing is not right." 
Despite meeting Cane a few times a day, there would always be other people around them and usually. He would be in the middle of something important that needed their focus more. It didn’t feel right to bring this matter up at that time. 
Therefore, Grace thought, Iris could tell Cane whenever the two of them were alone and the Alpha was not so tensed up. 
"I will talk with Cane about this," Iris said in a small voice, thinking what kind of reaction Cane would have, if she suggested to ask a favor from Lou. 
"Okay, I will leave this matter to you." Grace smiled softly at Iris. "Be sure not to take long, because the stones may only last one more month." 
Cane and Iris needed to drink the concoction on a daily basis, while Iris’ was more like tonic, Cane’s potion was concocted to help with his fertility. 
Therefore, actually the water magic stones were of more help to Cane than Iris. 
"Okay..." Iris nodded. 
And after that short conversation, Iris went to see Ethan. From outside of the door, she could hear how Ethan and Aliana were bickering with each other about trivial things. 
"Are they usually like this?" Iris asked with a chuckle to Eron. 
"Yeah... you can say that’s how Gamma Ethan shows his closeness to someone. He will bicker with everyone that he is comfortable with." Eron scratched his head. 
Hearing that, Iris couldn’t help thinking about how Ethan used to bicker with Redmond also. It had been a while since Iris saw him. 
Redmond didn’t even see her off when they left the Howling Wolf pack and ever since the attack and Cane put Sofia out of the pack house, Iris had not seen Redmond at all. 
It was ridiculous, but Iris kind of missed his antics and his bluntness. 
And before Iris could knock, Ethan had opened the door, as he was able to smell her scent already. He grinned when he saw her. 
"Iris!" Ethan was topless, but thankfully, he had his pants on. "I know you will worry about me!" 
"What are you doing?! Put on your clothes!" Zephyr facepalmed the Gamma and pushed him back into the room, while Eron and Dyne helped to put clothes on Ethan. 
"What’s wrong with you guys!? I have been on a journey with her before, she must have seen me without clothes at some point!" Ethan protested. 
"It’s still not appropriate, you dummy!" Zephyr retorted, as he made him wear his clothes forcefully. 
Seeing this, Iris chuckled and entered the room. It was a nice room with a fireplace across the window. Alpha Gian probably used this as a tea room, because there were a lot of teapots here. 
Dust glittered in the rays of light from the window and when you looked outside, you would be able to see an oak tree there. This pack house was beautiful and neat and the people who stayed here and took care of this place were very pleased to have them. 
At first, those people were afraid they would do something horrendous to them, after all, they were Alpha Gian’s people and Cane was the person who had killed their alpha, but gradually, when they learned the Howling Wolf pack members were different, they warmed up to them. 
An old lady here told Iris how she wished to follow Cane and become part of the Howling Wolf pack. 
But despite that fact, the situation here was not conducive and favorable with the Silver Warriors being adamant to reject Cane as their leader. 
In the end, Cane decided to let go of this pack, since they couldn’t get any benefit here and forcing them into submission was not something Cane wanted to do. 
"Are you okay, Luna?" Aliana asked. She approached Iris and took her hand to sit down near the window, where Iris could feel the cool breeze caressing her cheeks. It was a beautiful sunny day. 
"I am fine," Iris replied with a small smile, as she enjoyed the bickering between Ethan and the other warriors. 
At times like this, everything seemed normal, as if the chaotic world out there couldn’t reach them and all messy things, threats and schemes wouldn’t be able to bother them. 
It was peacefully noisy with the sound of eight men barking at each other. 
Iris giggled. 
"Did you find something amusing, Luna?" Aliana sat down next to her and watched her expression without her noticing it and this made Iris feel a little self conscious. 
"No, it’s just that I love this moment." Iris smiled sheepishly at her. 
Aliana chuckled when she heard that. "I love this moment too. I wish this moment can stretch longer and we will have more moments like this in the future." 
Iris agreed, but no one could foresee the future. In this world, where death was a common thing and it could happen without even one realizing it, a moment like this was so precious. 
Iris wanted to engrave this in her mind and keep this warm feeling in her heart, so she could revisit it whenever she felt down. 
"Are we really leaving tomorrow?" Iris asked Aliana, who was brewing tea for them. 
"Sadly, yes. There is nothing we can do here. This pack is a lost cause." Aliana answered her truthfully. 
"What about the members of this pack? Will we leave them behind?" 
"Most of them are lowborns and almost all of them are infected with Grebis. Maybe this sounds so heartless, but it’s only a matter of time before they meet their demise." 
It indeed sounded so heartless and cruel, but Aliana didn’t lie, since there was still no cure that they knew of for such a disease and strangely, it only appeared in this pack. 
Iris had never read about this disease and from what Cane told her, something like this wouldn’t be written in the books, since Alpha Gian would make sure to kill the writer if one dared to picture a nasty side of his pack for the world to know. 
"Is there nothing we can do?" Iris felt conflicted. 
"I am afraid, we have tried everything we could, but we need to let go of this pack." 
After the conversation with Aliana and chatting for a while, Iris went to see Joel and Haco. She had not yet visited the young warrior and because of her condition, his treatment had been postponed. 
As usual, the young warrior was very sweet, as he was worried about Iris more than himself, while Haco was sleeping. Celia said the sorcerer had been sleeping more than fifteen hours per day and woke up only to eat. 
Iris could see how Haco’s condition deteriorated very quickly after he used his magic when they were attacked by monsters. The more Haco used his power, the worse his condition became. 
After Iris checked on Joel’s legs, she taught him and Celia how to read and write, while the other five warriors listened carefully. 
"Do you want to learn too?" Iris asked the five of them, while Eron and Dyne looked at their fellow warriors smugly. 
After a bit of hemming and hawing, the five of them joined Joel and Celia sheepishly. 
And with that, Iris spent her evening teaching them. She was so exhausted when she finally returned to her bedroom and Cane had still not returned. He skipped his dinner and Iris was too sleepy to wait for him. Once her head hit the pillow, she fell asleep almost immediately. 
The next morning, Iris was woken up by Aliana. All the preparations were done and they would leave early for the Diandem pack. 
"The Alpha has not yet returned, from what I heard, he has been taking care of something with Oliver," Aliana replied when Iris asked whether she knew Cane’s whereabouts, because the side of his bed was still so neat. 
"Oh..." 
After Iris got ready, she walked out of her bedroom with Aliana, intending to go to their meeting point, but there was a young boy waiting for her outside of her bedroom. 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
###Chapter 562: PLEASE, DON’T GO
Chapter 562: PLEASE, DON’T GO
This little boy looked only six or seven, it seemed, he was about the same age as Ania and Iris had seen him a few times before, but this boy was too shy and always hid behind his mother whenever Iris saw him and wanted to give him a candy or something. 
However, this morning, this little boy came here on his own volition. He looked so scared to see the seven big, burly men, who tried to talk with him. 
"What happened?" Iris asked. She approached the little boy, who trembled when Asher ruffled his hair, the look on his face horrified, as if the warrior was about to strangle his neck. 
"This boy said he wanted to see you, Luna," Zephyr replied, all of them straightened their backs, because their efforts to make this boy talk didn’t work. 
"Back off, guys, you are scaring him," Aliana said and the seven of them protested, saying they didn’t even do anything. Despite that, as warriors, their figures and auras could be so intimidating without even them trying. 
The seven warriors finally backed down and Aliana approached Iris, kneeling down beside her to smile at the little boy. 
"Are you looking for me?" Iris asked gently. 
The Luna gave off a peaceful aura, and the serenity that she carried would make anyone feel comfortable with her if they opened their hearts enough to accept her. 
The young boy nodded sheepishly. 
"Why are you looking for me?" Iris extended her hand and wiped the soot on his cheek and nose off. When the little boy looked anxious with the question, she changed it. "What is your name?" 
"Nolu, Luna." 
"Nolu, is there something I can help you with?" 
The little boy glanced at the seven warriors, but immediately retracted his gaze and looked back at Iris. Her blue eyes captivated him. He had never seen anyone with blue eyes before. "Are you going to leave?" He finally asked. 
He woke up this morning and saw a lot of carriages in the front yard and when he asked his mother, she told him that they were leaving. His mother looked sad, and so did all the people who stayed in this pack. They didn’t want them to leave. 
"Will you come back?" He asked again because Iris didn’t say anything. 
On the other hand, Iris didn’t know what to say to him. She felt this pang in her heart, as if someone squeezed her chest tightly. 
What would happen to this little boy and the rest of the members, who were so desperate for help if they left? What would happen to them? 
They wouldn’t be able to fend for themselves, especially when it was hard to find food and the winter would come in a few months. 
"You are not coming back, are you?" The glimmer of hope in those innocent eyes died out when he realized Iris couldn’t answer his question because it was true. 
"That’s..." Iris was lost for words, she didn’t know how to answer him. 
Heavens. How could they abandon them? 
Nolu lowered his head and then fished out something from his pocket. He was wearing ragged clothes, which looked very uncomfortable. Iris remembered this kind of fabric, she wore one when she worked in the mines the first time Cane took over the Blue Moon pack and she also remembered how uncomfortable it was. 
But, Nolu wore this on a daily basis. She couldn’t imagine how irritating it could be. 
"I can only give you these, but can you stay a little bit longer?" Nolu offered Iris two silvers, that small amount of money must be everything he had, but he gave it to her, in hopes she and the rest of them could stay a little bit longer. 
Iris had tears in her eyes when she saw the money that Nolu wanted to give to her. "Honey, we need to leave..." She tried to make him understand that it was not about money. 
"Is it not enough?" Nolu asked. "Can you stay for two to three days more? It’s nice to have all of you here. People said, they are happy to serve all of you. Me too." 
Seeing how Iris was too caught up in her emotions, Aliana stepped forward. She caressed his head and put back the money into his pocket. 
"Sweety, we can’t stay here for any longer, because we have another important thing to do in the Diandem pack. Our business here is done, so we need to leave." 
"Will you come back, though?" 
"I hope we can visit again in the near future." That was not a promise, but Aliana gave a glimmer of hope for them to meet with each other again, though the chance was close to none. 
"You don’t like being here?" 
"Of course, we like being here. People in this pack are so nice, especially you." Aliana touched his chin and chuckled. She was used to talking with children, thus it came naturally to Aliana to comfort Nolu. "But, we need to go, because there is another pack that needs our help." 
"More than we do?" 
Aliana didn’t answer him. She wouldn’t say anything about the true reason they were leaving or that they probably wouldn’t come back. It would break his heart, but then without her saying it, the rest of the pack must know why they were leaving and giving up on them. 
"Here." Aliana took a handful of candies from her pocket and dropped them in his joined palms. "Share these with the other kids, okay?" 
Because there were quite a lot of children that lived in this pack house, Iris and Aliana filled their pockets with a lot of candies to give to them. 
Candy was something they were not privileged to eat. Something they needed to steal from the higher ranking members if they really wanted to have a taste of it. Sweet things were forbidden to those lowborns, they were too expensive for them. 
Nolu’s face lit up to see a lot of candies, but he was still hesitant to leave. He stared at the Luna, who became so quiet. 
"I hope you will visit often," Nolu said in a small voice before he ran off to share the candies with his sister and friends. 
Meanwhile, even after Nolu ran off and his small figure had disappeared from their sight, Iris was still crouching down, she didn’t move an inch and stared at the spot, where Nolu had disappeared. 
"Luna," Aliana called her. She nudged her arm to get her attention, while the seven warriors didn’t dare to make a noise, somehow, they didn’t dare to break the silence. 
The atmosphere around them became very bleak. 
"Luna, we need to go," Aliana reminded Iris. 
"This is not right," Iris finally spoke, she blinked her eyes and pressed her lips tightly. "We shouldn’t give up on them." 
They had been here for a little more than a week. It was a short period of time to discover any potential of this pack. They should try harder, right? Just because some group of ignorant shifters were against them, they shouldn’t abandon those who really needed their help. 
"I know what you feel. But, this matter has been discussed and the decision has been made." Aliana tried to remind Iris that they had weighed this decision carefully. 
If they chose to help this pack, while those mutineers were still against them, there was only one option left for them; oppressing those Silver Warriors, which would lead to a battle, it was something that couldn’t be avoided. 
And in battles, people tended to die, it was either their people or them. 
Putting that matter aside, there was another problem with the members of the pack. Since, they couldn’t find any benefits in this pack, it meant, there was no contribution whatsoever. If they insisted on taking this pack into their territory, it meant they needed to feed thousands of more people. 
Famine was a problem now, not to mention winter was just in the corner, with an additional horde of people that needed to be fed, while they were still brainstorming how to get more grains for the other packs, would only create another problem, which they didn’t need. 
"We can’t take them, Luna." 
"If we leave, they will die." 
Aliana sighed. She didn’t have the heart to abandon this pack either, she would do everything to help, but the problem was; they needed to look at the bigger picture. 
This situation was like, saving ten people by sacrificing one. 
"They have survived this far, they might survive this one too." There was no certainty. 
"I want to talk with Cane." Iris stood up, she walked toward the front yard hastily to find the Alpha, while the rest of them followed her. 
The seven warriors had conflicted feelings, while they understood their alpha’s decision, they felt bad for this pack. 
Seeing their luna so adamant to help them, they started to wonder; was this how the Luna looked like when she was very stubborn to help them when they were in the slavery? She was going to go against the Alpha’s decision, if she kept questioning and insisting on helping this pack. 
It didn’t take long for Iris to find Cane. He was talking with Oliver and Ethan. 
"Cane, I want to talk with you," Iris said, once he noticed her. 
Cane stopped his discussion with Ethan and Oliver. "Something bothering you?" The Alpha caressed the wrinkle between her brows with his thumb. 
"We can’t go, we can’t abandon this pack," Iris said hastily. 
"Ridiculous," Oliver muttered under his breath. 
***************** 
Send me proof of highest tier purchase via Instagram and I’ll send you a mini comic. Every month there will be a new mini comic for the highest tier buyers. 
@jikan_yo_tomare
###Chapter 563: ETHAN’S RAGE
Chapter 563: ETHAN’S RAGE
"Watch your mouth," Ethan warned Oliver when he heard what he mumbled. He took him away from Iris and Cane, so they could have the discussion peacefully. 
"Is there something wrong with that?" Oliver asked, his expression showed how much he disliked the fact that the Gamma stood up for Iris. He still couldn’t find in his heart to accept Iris as the luna of the pack. 
Every time he saw her, he would feel like Gerald and Mason laughing at him derisively all over again. He couldn’t even stand the sight of her. 
"Are you serious right now?" Ethan’s usual cheerful self was nowhere to be seen, as he glared down at the warrior before him. "You still harbor that hatred? You hate her that much even after knowing what she had done for us? Knowing how much she had to suffer at the hands of her own father and brother?" 
"What she had done for us couldn’t offset the fact she is Gerald’s flesh and blood. It is only a matter of time before she shows her true colors." Oliver gritted his teeth. He didn’t intend to have this quarrel with the Gamma, but the words slipped from his mouth and he couldn’t take them back. 
Fortunately, it was only Ethan, who heard him, since the Gamma was standing right next to him. 
"What do you mean by true colors? Hasn’t she shown you already?" Ethan asked sternly. "She is beautiful inside and out. I like all her colors." 
"You can’t force your opinion on me," Oliver retorted. 
They should end this conversation right then, before it escalated into a whole new argument, but unfortunately, they were too riled up. 
What those royal warriors told him kept ringing in his ears. The way they taunted them for taking their torturer’s daughter as someone they must respect. 
’Do you think you have freedom now? How delusional! How can you be free when you have to respect Gerald’s daughter? You don’t have any dignity left to make her your luna. After all this time, you are still slaves!’ 
Those royal warriors taunted and mocked them saying things along those lines. 
Many warriors were triggered, some of them, who had started to accept Iris became angry again and Oliver was among those people. His hatred ran so deep, he couldn’t help it. 
"No, I indeed can’t force you to like her, but you need to keep your hatred in check. No matter what, she is our luna." Ethan’s expression turned very serious. 
It was a little bit disturbing if not rare to see someone as laid back as Ethan being very serious like right now. He looked like he was ready to fight Oliver off if he were to say something out of the line again. 
But then, his own hatred seemed to have blinded the warrior completely as he didn’t know when to stop. 
"She will never be my luna." 
"Watch your mouth, warrior." 
"Someone like her doesn’t deserve to stand side by side with the Alpha." Oliver literally growled at Ethan, which made the warriors around them turn their heads and watch this heated argumentation. "Do you really think she is that innocent and kind? Did you forget that she is the one who gave out the order to kill Jemma?" 
Oliver knew the reason why Jemma was dead, but he couldn’t care less about the other details as his focus was on the fact it was because of Iris that the young maid met her demise. 
"Will was the one, who had beaten her to death," Ethan hissed viciously. "If you want to protest, you can go back to the pack and question him!" 
"Yes, under whose order did he do that? Knowing how much Will cared for Hanna, that woman that you respect as your luna must have known he would kill her, even so, she still went ahead with the execution!" 
"Why do you care so much about that young maid? Did you like her?" Ethan sneered and Oliver became so angry with the way he mocked him. "If I have someone who has done everything Hanna did for Iris, I would not have stopped at lashing the person who hurt them to death. I would have shredded them into pieces so no one would dare to do the same thing again to my person!" 
However, Ethan’s answer only pissed Oliver more... 
On the other hand, Iris and Cane were having an even more heated argument, as she was so desperate to make Cane change his decision to leave this pack behind. 
"There is nothing we can do, Iris. I have told you before about this and explained it clearly," Cane said sternly. He knew there would come a day, where Iris would let her feelings rule her view on things and affect her decision and the same was happening now... 
Iris knew, she understood, but the look in Nolu’s eyes and how he wished for them to stay a bit more broke her heart so badly. What she understood didn’t sit well with her conscience. 
"Cane, please, reconsider this," Iris pleaded with him, but the look in his eyes alone told her there was no room for discussion. 
"No, Iris." Cane’s voice was so firm and this scared Iris, not because she feared him, but because she knew she couldn’t change his decision. 
"Cane, we can try another thing. We can find another solution," Iris said in a desperate tone. The look in Nolu’s eyes and the way he asked her whether they would return or not, were simply something that would haunt Iris for the rest of her life if she didn’t try her best to help them now. 
"Let’s be clear." Cane let Iris clutch onto the front of his cloak, but he didn’t try to comfort her like he used to whenever she was upset, this alone was enough to signal the stance that Cane took so his mate wouldn’t have any hopes to change his mind. "How will you feed them?" 
"Black market..." 
Cane shook his head. "You know that’s no longer an option." He then continued. "What about the Silver Warriors?" 
"We can fight them off..." 
"You meant to wipe them out?" 
Cane used the harsh words so Iris could understand the situation better. Those mutineers refused to back down, they were even willing to kill their own pack members, what else wouldn’t they do? 
Iris was tongue tied. She couldn’t agree with that, but at the same time, understood that was the only option. 
"What about the strange condition with the members of this pack?" 
Iris bit her lip, she couldn’t answer this question either. She lowered her head, upset at herself because she was not able to think of a solution. If Cane couldn’t think of a way to save this pack, what could she do? It was not that she was smarter than him... 
"What benefits do we get from this pack? There is nothing to be saved here. Aside from their treasury, there is nothing valuable here." Cane hated to see Iris so dejected, but he was firm with his decision. "I will have someone give away the treasury to the people in this pack, so they can figure out their own way to survive." 
Iris dropped her hands that clutched onto him. That was the final answer. Cane wouldn’t change his mind no matter what she said. 
This time, Cane lifted her chin, so she could see him in the eyes. "Iris, we can’t save everyone." 
Cane had said this before and now he said it again. Iris must have forgotten about it. Her tendency to save everyone would cause trouble to herself. 
Iris pressed her lips into a thin line, as tears welled up in her eyes, knowing that was true. 
However, their conversation was cut short when they heard a commotion behind them. There were loud and vicious growls from two beasts that tried to kill each other off, while three more warriors jumped into the fight and shifted into their own beasts, in order to separate them. 
"Get into the carriage," Cane said sternly, out of instinct, he put Iris behind his back and the seven warriors immediately came to surround her, so she wouldn’t be implicated by the fight that was happening. 
Meanwhile, Cane stormed toward the two fighting beasts and roared angrily. "Shift back!" 
The Alpha knew it was his gamma and Oliver. He was a warrior under Jace. He was the Beta’s second in command. 
This was not the sight that you would expect from the Gamma, since he wouldn’t have gone off with his fellow pack member. Oliver must have done something terribly wrong to tick him off like this. 
On the other hand, Iris didn’t listen to what Cane said to get in the carriage, because she recognized Ethan’s beast and was worried about the Gamma. She wanted to make sure Ethan was alright. 
"SHIFT BACK NOW!" Cane’s voice thundered and this made the other beasts whimper and the warriors around him lowered their heads, they were scared to see the Alpha lose it. 
With that harsh command, Ethan and Oliver finally shifted back into their human form, but they wouldn’t stop throwing dagger looks at each other. Blood dripped from their wounds and it seemed Oliver took most of the brunt. 
"Both of you come with me!" Cane was so angry to see how they were fighting each other off, as if they were trying to kill one another. He walked away with the two men trailing behind him. 
"What is happening?" Iris asked. She looked at Aliana, who was standing beside her, but her focus was on Ethan. 
Aliana narrowed her eyes. "I am not sure, Luna. They seemed to be in some sort of argument earlier," she replied. 
Ethan still looked so mad.
###Chapter 564: HARD DECISION
Chapter 564: HARD DECISION
"What is going on here?" Cane asked in a dark voice. His expression told them he was not playing around and wanted a straight answer. 
Their preparations were complete and they were all set to leave when Iris came to Cane and asked him to change his decision, but now this happened. What the hell was wrong with these two warriors? 
Cane took the two of them a little bit away from the entourage. He glared at both of them sternly. 
"How long do you want me to wait for your answer?" Cane spoke again. His voice sounded even deeper than before, telling them he was running out of patience at this point. 
"I can’t accept what he said about the Luna!" Ethan said through his gritted teeth. His anger was so apparent and it was so rare for him to be so emotional like this. 
Unless Ethan was triggered or someone provoked him, he wouldn’t usually lose his cool, especially at his own pack member. 
Hearing what Ethan said, Cane directed his angry gaze at Oliver, who hung his head low, until his chin touched his chest, probably only now did he realize how much trouble he was in. 
"What did you say about my mate?" Cane stalked toward Oliver and stood before him. The Alpha was so dominant, his presence alone demanded respect and recognition from the people around him. "Warrior, what did you say about your luna?" 
"She is not my luna, Alpha," Oliver replied, clenching his jaw tight. He couldn’t hide this hatred and because they were already at this point, there was nothing he could do to deny what he had said. Sooner or later, the Alpha would learn about it. "I don’t accept her as my luna!" 
Cane didn’t need to ask ’why’, because he had noticed the stern atmosphere among the warriors after the provocation from the royal warriors. 
It was a simple scheme, but Cyan knew how to hit the right spot and it left a long effect. Cyan didn’t directly attack Cane, as she used a subtle method to ruin his foundation from inside and Cane’s absolute foundation was; the loyalty of his pack members. 
Cyan tactfully used their hatred and the royal warriors’ provocation was like a slow acting poison, which would eventually kill you. 
"Ethan, you can leave. Get your wounds checked." Cane didn’t need to hear more explanation. If what Oliver said could set Ethan off, it meant, he said something worse than not just accepting Iris as his luna and Cane was not sure that he could keep his calm if he heard any of those right now. 
Ethan wanted to argue, but the look on the Alpha’s face must have told him that was not a good idea, so he walked away. He was still not in a good mood. His wounds had just started to heal, but he still felt like he wanted to vent out some of his anger somewhere else. 
"Until when will you put the blame over her head for something she didn’t do?" Cane asked Oliver once Ethan had left the two of them alone. 
Cane could feel the black wisp start to effuse from his palms, but he held it back and it disappeared before Oliver could notice. This killing intent that Cane felt didn’t belong to him alone, but in truth, he felt the same anger like the lycan did. 
"I can’t, Alpha." Oliver lifted his head. "I tried, but I can’t accept her as the Luna of the pack. She doesn’t deserve you, she doesn’t deserve the title, she doesn’t deserve to be one of us!" 
Oliver had put himself in this situation and there was no way for him to lie or go back on his words at this point, therefore, since he had no other option, it would be better if he told the Alpha what was in his mind. 
"She is Gerald’s daughter and there is no amount of words that could convince me otherwise." 
"Yes, there is no denying she is Gerald’s daughter," Cane said, he looked extremely calm in the face of the person, who openly hated his mate and it was terrifying. "But, what had she done to deserve your hatred?" 
If this was someone else, Cane would banish Oliver for the way he talked about his mate resentfully, but Oliver knew the secret about the lycan and the fact the cursed creature was Cane. He couldn’t just banish him and risk the secret being revealed. 
He needed to tread this matter meticulously. His enemies were desperately seeking his weaknesses and if he let go of Oliver. He would only hand them the thing they really wanted. 
"Answer me, Warrior. What had she done that deserved your hatred?" Cane put his palms behind his back, his eyes were so sharp, he waited for Oliver’s answer to calculate his next move based on that. 
"The fact that she is blood related to those nasty people is enough for her to receive my hatred!" Oliver growled in a low voice. One could tell that it was a bold move for him to be so disrespectful in front of his alpha to talk so bad about his mate. 
However, with how calm Cane was, indirectly, it encouraged Oliver to show more and more his animosity toward Iris, thinking the Alpha was actually listening to his complaints and may reconsider his decision regarding who would be his luna. 
Their ceremony in the capital city for the new alpha and luna had not yet happened, because of everything that was going on there, in that case, the title was still open to someone else, who deserved it. 
Nodding his head as if he understood his warrior’s grievances, Cane extended his hand and wiped the blood on Oliver’s forehead with the sleeve of his cloak. "I can understand how you feel." 
Before, Cane never doubted his pack members, nor did he ever hesitate to entrust them with his life, but he was not really sure anymore, especially when there was another mole inside his pack, who had revealed the secret passageways. 
Not to mention with the wild hatred that the pack members and the warriors bore toward Iris after the provocation. 
There was no helping it. 
Oliver had gone too far with his hatred and there was nothing Cane could do to bring him back when he chose to be so blind and deaf about someone that he hated. 
"Alpha, will you reconsider it?" Oliver was surprised to see how calm Cane was to accept his exasperation and grudges. 
Probably, whatever affection the Alpha showed in public toward his mate might not have been out of what he truly felt about her. He knew how cunning the Alpha was. He wouldn’t have done something without any calculation. There must be a reason why the Alpha was showing off his affection toward that woman. 
Whatever the reason was; if the Alpha was willing to reconsider who his future luna would be, it was already great. 
"Let me think about it," Cane said quietly, but it was enough to make Oliver sighed in relief. "But, after your altercation with Ethan, I need to send you away for a while." 
Oliver didn’t seem to be happy to be sent away, but he knew his position. While he was only a warrior, the Gamma was needed more by the Alpha’s side. 
"I need someone I can trust to overlook the tunnel construction in the Riverside pack." Cane added. "I don’t trust the merchant." 
Oliver’s troubled expression softened a little bit when the Alpha entrusted him with an important matter. It went without saying the merchant couldn’t be trusted one hundred percent. 
"I need you to go there as soon as possible, it will take time to reach the Riverside pack." 
"Will do, Alpha," Oliver said respectfully. He nodded his head solemnly and Cane patted his shoulder. "I will leave now." 
"Thank you." 
Oliver looked so proud of himself to carry out this mission. 
"I will do everything for you in a heartbeat, Alpha." 
Turning around, Oliver rushed toward the entourage to prepare himself for his journey back to the Riverside pack, while Cane stared at his back. 
After Oliver’s figure disappeared among the crowd, he lowered his head and glanced at Oliver’s blood on his sleeve. 
Later on, when Cane ordered for the entourage to leave the Silver River pack, as they headed toward Diandem pack, he found Iris staring out the window. She refused to look at him. She was still upset that they were leaving this pack behind and Cane didn’t try harder to help them. 
Usually, Cane would go over and try to talk to her, but he didn’t do that now. He was very quiet, which made Iris become even more agitated. 
Why didn’t he talk to her? 
Why did he become very silent?
Was he ignoring her? 
Did he expect her to break the silence? 
Were they fighting now? 
Iris didn’t like this silence, it was so deafening and disturbing. She tried to find a topic to break this tense atmosphere, but she couldn’t find any, until she caught sight of the blood on Cane’s sleeve cloak. 
"Are you hurt?" Iris looked so concerned when she saw Cane take off his cloak and fold it. "Why is there blood on your sleeve?" 
"This is not my blood. It is Oliver’s." 
"Oh..." Iris waited for Cane to talk more, but he didn’t say anything after that, which made the silence return inside this carriage. 
Cane chose to sit across from her, which was something he had never done again after they became so close. 
"Cane..." Iris wanted to talk, but then they heard roaring sounds from outside.
###Chapter 565: MY BROTHER IS THERE
Chapter 565: MY BROTHER IS THERE
The vicious roaring sounds outside followed by to deafening shouts, informed them that they were under attack. Cane’s eyes immediately turned so dark. He didn’t even look at Iris before he went out of the carriage. He just threw a single word to his mate. 
"Stay!" 
After that, the Alpha shifted into his beast, his golden eyes filled with wrath upon seeing the attack that was happening. 
He and his people were going to leave this pack alone, but they were still trying to kill them off? That was ridiculous. Cane had given them what they wanted, but it seemed, their greediness had reached an intolerable limit. 
The Silver warriors were warriors that had pledged their loyalty to the previous alpha, they were led by the Beta and Gamma of the pack in order to avenge the death of their alpha. 
Yet, they couldn’t care less whether they hurt innocent people or not during the fight, because the attack would result in more casualties from the pack members, who unfortunately were in the wrong time and place. 
Cane had issued an order to kill all the mutineers if they were under attack, with that being said, there were so many members of Silver Warriors, who had died, but some of Cane’s warriors met their demise too, while the casualties from the innocent people were simply countless after two hours of fighting. 
It seemed, the intention of the the Silver Warriors was very clear. They wanted to kill Cane and his pack. They did not just simply want to drive them away from the Silver River pack. 
Thankfully, at that time, Haco was sane enough to help with the fight, at least, he managed to protect his carriage, where Joel, Grace and Celia were. 
Knowing it would decline the sorcerer’s health even more, the black beast with molten gold eyes signaled to two warriors to assist Haco, while the Alpha stayed close to the carriage, making sure none of these outrageous mutineers came closer to his mate, or even posed a threat to her. 
However, inside the carriage, peeking through the window, Iris didn’t seem to need any protection, as she killed a few beasts on her own, while comfortably sitting inside the carriage. She saw their wolf spirits and squeezed them until they couldn’t move and the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack did the rest. 
Some of them looked confused because their enemies suddenly stopped fighting back, but they didn’t have the leisure to think much about it, as more mutineers kept coming out of nowhere. 
In total, there were around ten to twelve Silver Warriors that Iris had killed and she had this satisfied feeling for being able to be a help for her pack members, even though none of them realized her contribution yet.
After she killed Mason, killing these beasts came easily to her. It didn’t bother her conscience so much when she thought how bad they were for killing innocent people on the streets during the fight, even though those people were their own pack members. 
Yes, Mason indeed got his death pretty easily when he was supposed to go through more torture for what he had done, but Iris gained a lot of things from ending her brother’s life. 
After she killed Mason, she figured out how to help Joel and now, her heart was strong enough to witness the gruesome scenes before her, not to mention, she was the cause of several deaths of her enemies. 
It made Iris feel so proud of herself. The feeling blossomed in her heart, but deep down, she had this worry for having such fun to end someone else’s life... was this alright? 
At the same time, the five swords cracked even more... until one of them broke. 
The sun was high above them and it was so hot and humid, which made the smell of blood in the streets become even more apparent. Iris herself had to scrunch her nose when she got down from the carriage. They had battled all the Silver Warriors, while some of them managed to escape. 
Dead bodies littered the ground, whether it was innocent pack members, Silver warriors, or the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack. Blood pooled on the ground and people wailed for the loss of their loved ones. 
The reason why Iris and Joel’s carriage was saved from this brutalism was because Haco casted spells on the important carriages, but it drained his energy. Grace had to check on him first before she checked on the other shifters, who needed her help. 
"Get inside the carriage, Iris," Cane said, he approached his mate when he saw her walk out of the carriage. His shirt was stained with blood and he sustained some injuries, though nothing seemed to be serious. His wounds started to heal and Iris was able to see he was fine. 
"I want to help," Iris said. 
"You don’t need to, get inside." Cane’s voice was so stern. He didn’t have the capacity to argue with Iris. More so, he didn’t want her to be exposed when they were still not certain whether it was really safe or not. 
"But, I can do something. I want..." 
"Iris. Get. Inside." Cane emphasized every word he said, his voice was so dark and hoarse, he didn’t leave any room for discussion. He didn’t want to have any discussion. "Get inside and stay there. Do it, Iris." 
Iris was so hurt when she saw Cane stare at her coldly, she wanted to argue, but knew it was not the right time. The look on Cane’s face left her unsettled. 
Without saying another word, Iris climbed back into the carriage and closed the door. She watched what was happening outside through the window, hugging herself, not knowing what to do by just sitting inside her carriage. 
"Luna, are you okay?" Eron asked, he saw what happened earlier and thought the Alpha was too harsh on her. 
"Yes, I am fine." Iris nodded, she tried to smile, but it looked so forced. "What about the other warriors?" 
Eron grimaced. "Ten of our warriors died during the attack and at least twenty Silver River pack members had died, including women, children and men, but we managed to kill more than fifty mutineers." 
The number of the dead mutineers was higher, thanks to Iris and right then, she saw the spirits of the fallen warriors of the Howling Wolf pack, she silently casted lights on them. 
"May you rest in peace..." Iris whispered and then she saw the dead members of this pack. Eron was right, there were a few children among them and to see how their lives had to end so young, hurt her so much, some of them were even so young, one was only two or three years old with curly hair. 
Iris casted the light on them as well, yet the little girl refused to leave. She entered the carriage and sat on her lap, which was something Iris had never expected could happen. 
"What is it?" Iris asked the little girl and Eron glanced at her, trying to figure out who she was talking to. 
’My brother.’ The little girl said sadly, while pointing her finger in a certain direction. ’My brother is there...’
###Chapter 566: NO.
Chapter 566: NO.
Iris could see why the little girl refused to go before they saved her older brother, who was buried under the wreckage of a house. No one noticed this and the fact the spirit of her older brother was not among those people, who had died, indicated that he was still alive. 
’My brother...’ the spirit of the little girl kept pointing at a ruined house. She sat on Iris’ lap with a sad face. ’My brother...’ 
"Is there something wrong, Luna?" Eron asked, he was worried to see Iris’ expression looking so troubled. He tried to glance inside the carriage, but he couldn’t find anything that could possibly make her upset. 
"Can you call a few warriors?" Iris asked, she turned her head to Eron. "There is a little boy buried under those ruins. I think he is still alive." 
Eron blinked his eyes in confusion. She had been sitting there and the Alpha didn’t even allow her to step outside, but how could she know about it? 
"How do you know about that?" Eron couldn’t help, but ask. 
However, Iris was not in the right headspace to explain this thing to him, more so, she was afraid if they were tardy any longer, they might not be able to save the young boy anymore. 
"Can you just do it, please? I am afraid the little boy is injured badly." 
"Oh, okay! Right away, Luna!" Eron immediately rushed to find three warriors to help him to dig the ruins. 
Zephyr, Kian, Asher and Eron tried to find the little boy, but they couldn’t. This house was in a very poor condition and if they were going to dig all the debris, it would take them a whole day. 
"Are you sure? How did she know about it?" Asher asked in frustration. They had been digging for more than an hour at this point, but there were still more spots to cover and it would be a pain in the ass to do this job with only the four of them. "I don’t understand why we are doing this when there are a lot more important things to do now," Asher couldn’t stop complaining. 
"Maybe she saw the little boy during the fight when the house collapsed," Kian tried to guess. 
"Yeah, but it doesn’t explain how she knew the boy is still alive," Asher grumbled. 
They were thinking out loud because they stood out of Iris’ earshot, thinking she couldn’t hear their conversation, but unfortunately, they forgot their luna was excellent at reading lips and they were facing her right now. 
"Show me where your brother is, okay?" Iris spoke to the little girl’s spirit, who looked conflicted. She did not seem too sure where exactly her brother’s body was. She only remembered the house had collapsed and her older brother tried to protect her, by shielding her with his own body, which was proven not to work at all. "Come here." 
Iris beckoned the spirit to come with her, while she went out of the carriage. She couldn’t really touch the spirit, but they felt like a gush of cold wind. 
At the same time, Cane watched darkly when one of his warriors breathed his last. The warrior was injured so badly, neither his healing ability nor Grace’s healing power could help him. Cane held the warrior’s hand, while he kept talking about going home to his family. 
Once again, Cane was hit with this feeling. He was responsible for the deaths of his pack members, these warriors, who followed him blindly. Their blood was on his hands, because he was not capable of giving the right order and reading the situation better. 
They should have left this pack when they were attacked the first time and realized there was nothing this pack could offer, but he stayed, he prolonged his time here because he was still trying to figure out how to help these people, but in the end, the cost of it was too great. 
The number of the fallen warriors in this attack was not as great when their pack was attacked, but still, facing loss after loss could put you in a dark headspace. This was not a feeling that Cane was fond of. 
"He will be the thirteenth," Grace said, as she closed the warrior’s eyes, while the Alpha still held his hand. Their final count was thirteen. 
Thirteen warriors died during this attack. 
Another thirteen lives were taken because of Cane’s incapability to lead his people. It struck him hard. 
"Hm." Cane didn’t say anything anymore and none of them was daring enough to break the silence. He was still in the same position, holding the warrior’s hand, until he saw his mate come out of the carriage and his eyes became a little bit darker when he stood up and approached her. 
The carriage was protected by Haco’s magic, which made it the safest place for Iris to stay, just in case there was another ambush again when they were still in this dire situation. 
Cane had ordered Ethan to send a message to the Bloody Wolf pack that they needed more people and also commanded them to make a perimeter around this area, while they checked on the injured warriors and the Silver River pack members. 
"What are you doing? I told you to stay inside," Cane said in a dark voice. He used to talk so gently with Iris, thus when he used this tone, it made her flinch. It reminded her of the side of Cane that she didn’t want to see. "Go back inside, Iris and stay there." 
"Cane, we need to check on that collapsed building because there is a young boy there, he is still alive, we need to move quickly." Iris pointed at the ruins that the spirit little girl showed to her. "We need to go there." 
"Let someone else check on that, go back to the carriage." Cane heightened his senses, trying to find any danger around them, because he couldn’t even believe his own judgment right now. "Iris. Go back to the carriage. Right now." 
The atmosphere became so tense and everyone had their eyes on Iris and Cane, as the two of them stood five steps apart, but it seemed, they were so far away from each other. 
"Cane, you are not listening. The spirit of that young boy’s sister is with me now. She died when her brother wanted to protect her when the building collapsed." 
"Ask that spirit to show the exact spot of her brother and you can go back to the carriage," Cane said sternly. The longer Iris stood outside of the carriage, the angrier he became. He didn’t know why he felt this rush of negative feelings, it was so nerve wrecking. "Go back." 
Everyone stopped whatever they were doing and watched on as the scene between their alpha and luna unfolded. This must be the first time for the Alpha to speak so sternly to her ever since they returned from the capital city. 
And the fact that the Luna didn’t immediately oblige to the order stunned them as well, especially followed by the curt answer she gave the Alpha. 
"No," Iris said firmly. She looked Cane in the eyes and was able to see the surprise in those dark eyes.
###Chapter 567: I DON’T LIKE YOU RIGHT NOW
Chapter 567: I DON’T LIKE YOU RIGHT NOW
Everyone was shocked to see Iris’ defiant side. Even Cane was not an exception, though his mind was not in the right headspace. 
This was the first time he received a ’no’ from Iris so firmly. She tried her hardest to stand her ground and he could see how much she suppressed her fear when she defied him, even so, she was stubborn to back down and oblige him. 
Iris balled her fists, she waited for Cane’s next response or what he was going to say when she openly rejected his order in front of his people. 
Other alphas would have beaten one to death if their woman so much as made a refusal to a direct order, especially when it happened in front of the other pack members. It was almost like a slap to the Alpha’s face to have someone challenge their command. 
Iris realized that too late, but she was desperate because Cane didn’t want to listen to her. She bit her lip nervously and when Cane walked toward her, she lowered her head. She flinched hard as he kept walking closer. Would he hit her? 
She would be lashed whenever she had dared enough to disregard an order, her body still remembered that, which made her hunch her shoulders and flinch, waiting for the pain, as she closed her eyes. 
However, the pain didn’t come, instead it was Cane’s harsh voice from behind her that made Iris open her eyes again. 
"Where is that boy?!" Cane growled impatiently. 
"Ah..." Iris immediately approached Cane with the little girl’s spirit close to her. She went to the collapsed building and looked at the spirit. 
Ethan approached Aliana after witnessing that intense moment. They thought Cane would lose it on Iris and do something unforgivable, it crossed their minds because of the look on the Alpha’s face, even more since Iris crossed a line she shouldn’t. It was an unwritten rule to not let down a direct order from the Alpha, especially in public. It was a humiliation. 
"I think this will be their first fight, right?" Aliana asked Ethan, who was standing by her side. 
"Yes, I guess so and the Luna managed to get out of the predicament unscathed." Ethan frowned. "If it was me, I would have been chewed out by him." 
"I don’t think the Alpha likes the taste of your flesh." Aliana then added when Ethan gave her a look. "I am just saying." 
The spirit of the little girl looked around the ruins with a sad face, as she started to walk carefully, trying to figure out where her brother was. 
Meanwhile, Iris appeared to only stand by the side, staring into the distance, as if she was thinking of something. Cane stood by her side in silence, as he didn’t push her to prove what she said. 
It was the other people who were standing by the side that looked so confused with this. What was the Luna doing? Why didn’t she move and only stand there after the fuss she made? 
"What is the Luna doing?" Asher asked Kian in a low voice, they had been digging the ruins for some time now but couldn’t find anything. They couldn’t even smell any other scent but blood in the air, and this scorching hot afternoon didn’t help them at all to keep their cool. 
"I don’t know." Kian shook his head, but his eyes fell on the Alpha and the Luna, seemingly there was an invisible tension between the two of them. 
After about twenty minutes, the spirit of the little girl stopped roaming around the area and squatted down, as she sobbed softly. 
’Zale... my brother is here...’ She sobbed. 
Iris approached her and Cane moved along with her, even though he didn’t say anything. She squatted down next to the spirit. "The boy is here." 
Cane held Iris’ elbow and pulled her to stand up, so the warriors could dig that spot. The Alpha didn’t have the same questions as the others, nor did he doubt her. He simply disliked the fact she was exposed to danger. 
And he was pretty mad because she defied his order, even more so when he couldn’t bring himself to use his alpha’s voice on her to make her submit to him. 
It wasn’t long before the warriors managed to find the body of the young boy, he was unconscious, while hugging his little sister’s still body. This young boy must be a lowborn, he looked so skinny and probably around the age of ten to twelve. 
Grace immediately came forward and checked on both of them. 
Unfortunately, the little girl didn’t make it, but the older one would be able to survive, though it would have been a different story had they found him later than this. 
"We need to bury the little girl, but the boy will survive." Grace shook her head. "Luna, you are right. If we are too late to find him, we will not be able to save him." 
What Grace said shocked everyone, but Iris already knew about it, so she only nodded at her words. 
"See? The Luna is right, next time, stop complaining. Can’t you see how amazing our luna is?" Eron made a passive aggressive comment, while glancing at Kian and Asher, since the two of them kept doubting Iris. 
"Oh, shut up," Asher grumbled. 
And after they evacuated the young boy, Cane took Iris back to the carriage. He took long enough strides, which forced Iris to run lightly to follow him. 
"We are going to leave right away after we take care of the mess here," Cane said coldly. 
"Do you mean we are going to leave now?" 
"Yes." 
"But, they need our help, Cane." 
Cane stopped walking and opened the carriage door widely, indicating for Iris to enter, but seeing her stubborn face made the Alpha growl in frustration. 
"I don’t want to abandon them. They need our help more than anything now, Cane." 
"We are helping them by leaving. Those mutineers caused this because they want us to leave, so we are going to leave." There was nothing to be saved here. Without any benefits, it wasn’t worth the effort to stay in this pack. 
"Are you running away from those mutineers?" Iris narrowed her eyes, she hated it that they were not on the same page, but she didn’t agree with how cold Cane could be. 
"I lost thirteen of my warriors, Iris, so don’t talk to me in that tone." 
Iris lowered her head, she let her emotions get the best of her. She didn’t mean to question him, but she didn’t want to leave and let these people fend for themselves. "There is no guarantee the Silver Warriors will help these people, Cane." 
After all, the Silver Warriors were led by the former beta and gamma, who managed to break free and raise their own forces with the former warriors of this pack. 
They didn’t treat the lowborns well when the Alpha Gian still ruled this pack, there was no guarantee they wouldn’t treat them the same.
"I am not risking my own people to save them, Iris. Now get inside the carriage!" Cane clenched his jaw tightly. 
"I love you, Cane, but I don’t like you, right now." Iris pressed her lips together and went into the carriage.
###Chapter 568: DON’T TOO HARSH ON HER
Chapter 568: DON’T TOO HARSH ON HER
Iris was not sure what she wanted to achieve when she said those words to Cane. She did it in the heat of the moment, she wished for him to know how much his decision had disappointed her, but now when she thought about it again, Iris felt like she was so insensitive. 
Of course, Cane cared so much about his people, though he didn’t show it openly. She knew about it from the very beginning and her comment was so insensitive where she did not think about his feelings at all. 
Iris stared outside of the window, feeling guilty, but she couldn’t rest her conscience with the thought they were leaving. 
It was not that Cane didn’t help these people at all, he helped them by providing them basic things they needed to survive and even ordered Grace to heal them, or commanded his warriors to pull the dead bodies out and gather them in one place, so they could give their loved ones a proper burial. 
However, the Alpha didn’t intend to stay longer than this. He wouldn’t change his mind about leaving. 
Feeling guilty, Iris waited for Cane to come into the carriage, since she didn’t want to display any defiance in front of his pack members again. Challenging the Alpha in public was a crime and Iris was lucky to be able to get out of it unscathed. 
However, after waiting for a long time and when the sun was about to set, it was Aliana, who came into the carriage, instead of Cane. 
"You look so disappointed to see me, Luna," Aliana teased her. She always had this mischievous smile on her face, maybe because she used to be with children, she would always look so happy and positive, even when she didn’t even try. 
"No, I am not." Iris lowered her head to hide her disappointment. 
Aliana didn’t pursue the matter further. "We are going now," she said and as if on cue, the carriage started to move. 
Iris lifted her head in surprise and looked around. "Where is Cane?" 
"Oh, the Alpha will be in the rear, just in case there is another attack by the Silver Warriors," Aliana said lightly, watching how Iris’ expression fell. 
He didn’t want to be in the same space as her? Was he that angry with her until he couldn’t stand the sight of her? Iris wanted to cry, she had this conflicted feeling. 
But when she stared out the window, hoping she could catch a sight of Cane, she noticed something was not right. 
"We crossed this path before... are we heading back to the pack house?" Iris shifted her attention back to Aliana. "This is the street we passed when we were going to leave the Silver River pack." 
"Oh, the Alpha must have not yet told you about this." Aliana clapped her hands. "He said we will stay for three more days here, because there are some warriors that need intensive care and a lot of pack members had got injured during the attack. He opened the pack house’s gates for them to come, so Grace could treat them." 
Iris widened her eyes in disbelief. This was something she didn’t imagine would happen. Didn’t Cane say, he was not going to stay and would leave as soon as possible? This was unbelievable! 
Three days! Cane was actually willing to stay for three more days in this pack and help those people! 
"Cane said that?" Iris raised her voice and this made Aliana chuckle. 
"I think the Alpha wanted us to leave this pack because he doesn’t want to expose you to more danger, Luna." Aliana grinned. "He became so anxious after countless attacks and wanted to leave immediately, thinking your life might be in danger if we stay here for long." 
"He wanted to leave because this pack doesn’t offer any benefits and he only received trouble from the mutineers," Iris corrected Aliana. 
"Agreed." Aliana smiled gently. "But, you should have known by now that the Alpha loves to mix things up. He is indeed thinking of the benefits, but it doesn’t mean he doesn’t count you into his consideration. He has a little bit of a twisted mind." 
Iris frowned. "Don’t talk about Cane like that." 
Hearing her luna’s unhappy tone, Aliana burst into laughter. "You must see your expression right now, Luna!" 
Iris sulked. She stared at the window, trying to catch a glimpse of a certain black wolf with golden eyes, but she couldn’t find the beast, she only got a sight of Lil Thing. The bear looked unhappy because its fur was covered in blood. 
"The Alpha might not show it to you, Luna, but he cares deeply about you, or else, he will not listen to you. He knows how much you care about this pack and don’t want to leave it behind." Aliana took Iris’ hands and she shifted her attention toward her. Aliana had the same eyes as Jace and they were so beautiful. "Don’t take it to heart when the Alpha talks sternly with you, because that’s how he shows his care." 
Aliana then told Iris about the story how Cane was so mad when Leana was injured during her pregnancy. It was not a big thing, she simply hit her head against a low branch when she took a walk with her maid, but Cane ordered to cut all the low branches of the trees, inside and outside of the pack house, even in the streets that someone like Leana wouldn’t visit. 
"He can be so overprotective." Aliana reminisced about the past, while Iris happily listened. She wanted to know more about her mate and how he was before the slavery. What kind of person he was before everything that went down. 
With Aliana accompanying Iris inside the carriage, a certain auburn haired woman didn’t feel sad anymore, though it still bothered her because she had not yet met with Cane. 
Once they arrived at the pack house again, Iris waited for Cane inside the bedroom, instead of roaming around like she intended to do, because Aliana said the Alpha told her to make sure she stayed inside the bedroom. 
Not wanting to upset Cane even more, Iris obliged him this time, she had defied him more than once today, she didn’t want to push her luck with him again. 
However, Iris couldn’t keep her plan straight when she felt so tired and no matter how hard she tried to stay awake, it was already so late and it passed her sleeping hour. 
Therefore, when she closed her eyes, she fell into a deep sleep, while Aliana sat on the couch, writing a few messages to inform Jace of their condition, so the Beta would stay well informed about their situation. 
"You are right, she can’t hold back her sleepiness. This is too late for her," Aliana said with a smile when she heard the door open and Cane’s scent hit her senses before his figure appeared. 
"You can leave," Cane said, he dismissed Aliana and sat down on the edge of the bed, next to the sleeping Iris. 
"Alpha, don’t avoid her like this, she felt so guilty for defying you this morning, please, don’t be too harsh on her," Aliana said before she left.
###Chapter 569: I WILL BE OKAY
Chapter 569: I WILL BE OKAY
Cane entered the bedroom, which he occupied with Iris after he retrieved his bloody cloak from the carriage. He put the cloak down on the table and approached the bed, where Iris was sleeping soundly. 
Cane didn’t say anything when he heard what Aliana said. He stared at Iris’ sleeping face. There was a crease between her brows, it seemed, his actions really bothered her. 
"Leave the cloak, Aliana," Cane said sternly when he saw from the corner of his eyes Aliana was about to take the cloak away because she saw the bloodstains on it. 
"But, this is dirty and I..." 
"Leave it be." 
Aliana didn’t argue about it anymore and simply left the bedroom. 
"Iris," Cane called her name softly, once Aliana had left him alone with his mate. 
He didn’t mean to make things difficult for her, but he was not in the right mind. There were so many things he needed to think through and Iris’ presence simply hindered him from seeing things ively. 
For example, he made a sudden decision to stay for three more days here. 
They should have left this pack and not looked back, but the fact they were still here meant what Iris said earlier affected him deeper than he wanted. Seeing her so upset bothered him. 
It might be a bad decision to take, but to know Iris would be glad to hear they were going to stay, was enough for him. This was why he couldn’t care too deeply... it affected his decisions and right now, he needed to focus. 
"Don’t dislike me, Iris." Cane smoothened the crease between her brows. "I have warned you before." 
Cane had indeed warned her that they would face a situation like this, where she would dislike his decisions, but to hear it out loud from her, affected him more than he expected. 
The Alpha leaned over and pressed his lips against hers gently, he lingered for a while before he stood up, took the bloody cloak and left the room. Eron, Kian and Asher were right outside. 
"Call Aliana back and tell her to sleep inside," Cane ordered one of them. He was not going to sleep tonight, because there was another important matter that he had to take care of and it couldn’t be delayed anymore. 
This was one of the reasons why his mood was so bleak. Cane looked even more fearsome right now, as if his whole figure was shrouded in dark clouds. He looked so dominant and scary. None of them dared to make even a small mistake in his presence whenever he was like this. 
Not even the Gamma... 
"Cane, Haco is sleeping. I think you need to let him rest after what happened this afternoon," The Gamma said when he was told to call Haco, but he immediately changed his tune once he saw the look on Cane’s face. "Right away. I will drag him out of the bed if I have to." 
With that, Ethan immediately rushed to get the sorcerer without trying to help Haco again. He needed to help himself first, right? 
Iris had challenged the Alpha’s order this afternoon in front of so many eyes and Ethan wouldn’t be so lucky to be left unscathed like the Luna did... 
It took a while for Ethan to bring Haco to Cane, as the Alpha waited in the garden, under the pale moonlight. He was sitting on a bench with his eyes closed and his arms folded in front of his chest. 
"You can leave." 
Cane opened his eyes when he smelled Ethan and Haco’s scents, as they came closer to him. He hoped the sorcerer was sane enough to hold a conversation with him, at least, until their business was done. 
"Yes, Alpha," Ethan said politely, as he retreated after he helped Haco to sit down on the same bench as Cane. He felt so bad to wake him up mid sleep, especially when he looked so exhausted. He looked so old, as if he had grown older by a few decades in only a few weeks. Were all the magic users like that? Ethan was not sure of the answer. 
"What do you want?" Haco asked. He yawned sleepily and tightened the cloak around his body. He felt so cold, even though tonight was rather warm. 
"I want you to make it quick." Cane handed over the bloody cloak in his hand and then two magic stones to Haco. 
The sorcerer narrowed his eyes, he looked a little bit alarmed with Cane’s request, despite the order not being said out loud, he knew what kind of thing that this alpha wanted to be done. 
"Whose blood is that?" Haco was doubtful that Cane was trying to trick him again just like how he had cursed Princess Osana without him knowing it. "One of the royal family members again?" 
"No." 
"Will you tell me whose blood is that?" 
"No." 
"Damn it, Cane. If you want me to end someone’s life, shouldn’t I be informed about who it is first?" Haco returned to his old, grumpy self, which was something Cane wished for, because this conversation would be hard if he was not in his right mind. 
"Just do it, Haco and do it quickly, so that person will not feel any pain." 
Haco narrowed his eyes, his brain worked harder this time. "Is this someone close to you? Someone you care for?" Cane didn’t answer the question, but his silence was enough for Haco to know. "Think about this again, don’t find yourself regretting this decision later." 
"Whatever decision I will take, I will regret it because I can’t find a better way." 
He would regret it if he went through with his decision right now, but he would regret it if things escalated in a direction he feared the most. 
When a part of your plant got rotten, you had to cut that part off, so it wouldn’t affect the other parts and cause the death of the said plant. That was what Cane was doing right now. 
The part of the plant was too rotten to be saved. The plant might not realize that it was dying, since the rot would spread to the other parts of the plant gradually, which would eventually cause the death of the plant. That part was too rotten to be saved and Cane needed to cut it off, before it affected the other parts as well. 
"Make sure it is a quick and a clean death." 
Haco sighed deeply. "I can’t understand you, Cane, but then you don’t need to explain things to me, because I will forget about it anyway." 
"How does it feel to forget about everything, Haco?" Cane asked, somehow, he looked genuinely curious, as if he really wanted to know how it would feel not to have all of these troubles. 
"Well... it’s a nice feeling, you only care about things that you love." 
"Things that I love..." Cane repeated it quietly, as he stared at the dark sky, the moon was hiding behind the clouds and the night was so serene. "I wonder what I will remember, if I really forget everything one day..." 
Haco stared at the bloody cloak and then at Cane. "Are you okay?" 
"Hm." Cane nodded. "I will be okay, just not today."
###Chapter 570: THAT ’THING’
Chapter 570: THAT ’THING’
Iris woke up early in the morning and immediately found out Cane did not sleep in the bedroom last night. Even the side of his bed was still so neat, there was no trace of him whatsoever. She had been so used to waking up next to him, it felt so strange when she found herself alone again. 
Instead, it was Aliana, who greeted her. 
"Don’t give me that disappointed look," Aliana said, pouting her lips to feign being angry with Iris for giving her such a look. "Don’t be too disappointed, the Alpha was here last night to check on you when you were sleeping..." 
"Why didn’t he wake me up? Why didn’t he stay?" Iris cut Aliana’s explanation. If Cane came over, why didn’t he stay and left immediately? 
"Luna, the Alpha needs to take care of a lot of things, he changed the plan all of a sudden and there were a lot of members of this pack that needed to be treated after the attack. I am very sure the Alpha really wanted to spend the night with you." Aliana winked at Iris, but it didn’t lift her spirits. 
Iris knew she had become too childish and been demanding too much, but she couldn’t help it, the feeling of being abandoned crept into her heart. She could say, it was not a feeling she wished for anyone to feel. The level of anxiety she felt, at the thought that Cane didn’t want her anymore, was insane. 
"Where is Cane?" 
"I think the Alpha is with Ethan now, they are overlooking this pack and strengthening the protection around the pack house." 
"I want to see him," Iris stated, in that case, Aliana couldn’t stop her from leaving. 
"Okay, but you still need to have your breakfast, okay." Aliana helped Iris to clean herself up and get ready for the day. 
However, Aliana was clueless about what to do with Iris’ hair, aside from styling it into a half bun. 
"You don’t know?" Aliana was surprised when she asked Iris how to style her hair like she did the previous day. "Who did it then?" 
"Cane did," Iris said casually, because that was the truth. Before, Hanna would help Iris with her hair and recently, Cane had become such an expert when it came to her hair, he styled her hair better than Iris could.
"The Alpha did it?!" Aliana was shocked when she learned about it. Ethan must have left this detail in his exaggerated story, or maybe his story was not exaggerated at all. "He did your hair?" 
Iris looked at Aliana through the mirror in front of her and watched how her jaw dropped in disbelief. 
"How did you make the Alpha do it?" 
"I didn’t do anything." Iris shook her head. 
"When did he start to do it for you?" 
Iris tried to think about that. "We spent some time on our way back to the Riverside pack and I think he was bored because it was only the two of us, so he always did my hair." 
That explanation didn’t help with Aliana’s shock, if anything, she became even more speechless. Never did she imagine the Alpha to be so bored out of his mind until he was very idle to learn how to style his mate’s hair. 
"The Alpha must love you so much for him to put in such an effort." 
It was a small thing, but you would be able to see how much a person loved you through the small things they put their effort into to make your life easier. 
Iris grimaced when she heard that. "Cane never said that he loves me," she confided to Aliana. She had never talked about her feelings to someone else, not even with Hanna, because of the way she positioned herself in Iris’ life. 
Hanna cared for her and there was no doubt in that statement, but Hanna would never be Iris’ friend, she would take care of her and always see her as her ’missy’, while with Aliana, it was different. 
Aliana could be a big sister that she had never had and sometimes, she would be this mischievous friend with wild imagination, and Iris would always feel so giddy to hear her crazy thoughts or how she would complain about the warriors and reprimand them. 
It felt so refreshing to have Aliana around, while she also taught Iris more about the Howling Wolf pack, something that Cane had never done before, since he had a lot of things in his hands. 
"Luna," Aliana said gently. "You must have noticed by now, the Alpha will talk more and explain things to you to a certain detail, something that he wouldn’t do for any of us. Do you know how Ethan always throws tantrums because he believes the Alpha is playing favorites, since he always answers your questions, but not his?" 
Iris giggled when she heard how Aliana was roasting Ethan so casually. 
"The Alpha is not good at explaining his feelings, but his actions must have been as clear as day to see how precious you are to him." Aliana ended up putting Iris’ hair into a half bun. 
Deep down, Iris also knew about that, she felt it whenever Cane tried to make things easier for her and how he compromised a lot. Even though she still wanted to hear how he would say those words, she thought she could be content with it right now. Aliana’s words lit up her mood a little bit. 
"Oh, Luna, I think it will be fine if you were a little bit bold," Aliana said again with this mischievous smile on her lips. "You know that the Alpha has been stressed out lately and I think you can cheer him up." 
"How?" Iris was listening attentively, if Aliana had an idea as to how to cheer Cane up, she was willing to do anything, not to mention her guilty feeling was still lingering. 
Aliana winked at her. "This is a thing only you can do," she said secretively. 
"Only me?" Iris frowned. 
"Oh, Luna..." Aliana grimaced when she realized how innocent the Luna was. "That ’thing’, you can make him feel better then." 
"What ’thing’?" Iris became frustrated, she narrowed her eyes, feeling impatient. 
"Sometimes, you need to take the initiative. I don’t know about the Alpha, but I think some men like it." And when Aliana realized Iris still couldn’t get it, she lowered her head and whispered into her ear and whatever she said made Iris’ face turn red and Aliana had the audacity to laugh at her upon seeing her reaction. 
"Aliana!" Iris wanted to cry out of embarrassment, while she didn’t stop laughing. 
========================= 
"Serafim, this is my poor great grandson..." Koda didn’t waste his time. The moment the Serafim arrived at his pack along with her entourage after they managed to pass the territory, he immediately took her to his great grandson’s nursery room. "He is being cursed by the dark magic user in the palace!" 
"We just arrived, can’t you wait until we take a rest for a while?" Liam protested, but Abby stopped him. 
"Let me see your great grandson," Abby said. She walked gracefully, as she entered the nursery room and met Princess Laluna and the baby in her arms.
###Chapter 571: THE CURSED BABY
Chapter 571: THE CURSED BABY
They named the baby after his father. Vemion. It was a devastating moment for Laluna to learn that she lost her mate because of the lycan only a few weeks before she was supposed to give birth to Vemion’s first child. 
Not to mention everything fell apart after that moment. A lot of things had happened and Laluna felt like she was not able to keep up with the drastic changes that surrounded her life. 
From losing her mate to be the mother of the future king of this kingdom and then the unrest in the capital city, where she had to leave and go back to her pack for protection. Only then did she realize her baby was being cursed and now they were so desperate to find a cure for her baby. 
They were willing to do anything to save little Vemion, because this less than three months old baby held great power. He was the only valid reason for them to fight for the throne. Without the baby, they would be seen as a rebellious pack, as they would lose the case, the very reason why they were in hot water with the royal family. 
It was not the baby they cared about, but the value he held. They cared about it the most. 
Laluna felt ill to her stomach whenever she remembered that fact. 
"Serafim," Laluna greeted her, as she curtsied with the baby in her arms, but Abby immediately stopped her, so she didn’t need to bend her waist. 
"Let me check on your son," Abby said softly, she glanced at the baby, but she couldn’t find anything. The baby was currently sleeping now. There was no indication of dark magic on him whatsoever. 
But then, Abby couldn’t determine the answer without doing a thorough check on the baby first. Her power was not strong enough to tell whether or not the baby was cursed by dark magic without any visible signs. 
"Yes, please save my son, Serafim," Laluna said in a tone full of grief. She walked back toward Vemion’s crib and laid him there. 
"Can you tell me what happened to him?" Abby needed all the information she could get to determine how to purify any dark magic, if the poor baby was indeed being cursed. 
Laluna then told the Serafim about how her baby had been crying for hours to no end and would often have a seizure, which freaked them out. The baby would even bleed from his orifices. 
"And this..." Laluna unswaddled the baby and showed his rash filled skin. It looked so horrifying on the little one. It looked so painful and Abby gasped in surprise. "What should we do, Serafim? Can you lift the dark spell? The people in the palace are so cruel to attack my baby." 
Koda stepped forward and pleaded with the Serafim as well, of course, he didn’t forget to insert a few insults toward the royal family, so the Serafim would help more with their case. 
"I believe you can lift the curse, right?" Koda said in an expectant tone, while staring at the Serafim, who was silent the whole time. 
========================= 
Iris was having a hard time finding Cane. When she arrived at the place where he was supposed to be, she was told he had just left a few minutes earlier, as if someone had told him that Iris was coming over and he left immediately. 
No matter what Aliana said to reassure her that was unintentional, Iris knew Cane was trying to avoid her. Was he that mad at her, until he didn’t want to see her? Iris became even more frustrated. She went to the tent, where they were treating the injured people after the attack the last time. 
Iris needed to do something, to distract her mind from thinking too much about Cane’s actions. She really regretted defying him, especially in front of his people. If she could, she would rather have Cane reprimand her and snap back at her when she didn’t oblige than to have him ignore her like this. 
Iris felt so miserable. 
"Cane, how long do you want to avoid her?" Ethan sighed deeply, as he watched Iris sitting next to Lil Thing. She caressed the white furred creature with a blank expression after she helped the injured people inside the tent. 
The Gamma stood next to his alpha, who was stubborn enough not to approach his mate and chose to look at her from afar instead. 
"I know you are upset because she didn’t listen to you, but shouldn’t you talk things out, instead of avoiding her?" Ethan asked, both his alpha and luna looked miserable and it affected him as well. He didn’t like this tension between them. 
However, the truth was not as simple as it seemed on the surface, it was not only because of her action that made Cane become even more closed off, but also because of his recent decision. 
After all, killing your enemy was an easy job compared to killing your own people... 
Ethan stopped rambling when Cane glanced at him. It was enough to tell the Gamma that he messed up again. 
"What’s the news from the Red Claw pack?" Cane asked callously. 
"Oh, Koda wrote that the Serafim has started the treatment for his great grandson and now they are waiting for the progress of it," Ethan immediately replied, afraid Cane would be more upset. "They also tried to reach out to the Celestial Moon pack to make Alpha Derick side with them, especially after the royals had killed Kade." 
Kade was one of the previous King’s right hand men, and a representative from the Celestial Moon pack. He was killed because Alpha Derick sheltered Prince Kellan, which showed which side the Alpha had decided to take. 
"It seems they really followed the plan you have set for them," Ethan said with a grin. "But, if you think about it again, they don’t have a prominent figure to strategize their next move. You have made them rely on you so badly, Cane! You left me awed again!" Oh, of course, the Gamma didn’t forget the praises, hoping he could get out of Cane’s bad side after his rambling. 
"The warriors from the Bloody Wolf pack will arrive soon, go and delegate their tasks," Cane said, he didn’t even bother to listen how his gamma tried to flatter him. 
"There are around two hundred and fifty of them... can’t you give me Oliver to help?" Ethan then blinked his eyes, as if he just realized something. "I have not seen him after our fight, have you sent him somewhere?" 
Cane’s eyes darkened slightly at the mention of Oliver’s name. "I sent him back to the Riverside pack to overlook the construction of the tunnel there." 
"Ah! That’s why I have not seen him!" Ethan clicked his tongue. "You don’t need to send him away, we just had a disagreement, that’s all." Ethan felt bad for Oliver, but his eyes lit up. "But, I am happy you sided with me!" 
Cane threw him a dagger look. "If you think I did it for you, you can stop being delusional." 
Ethan’s smile disappeared almost immediately, as he pouted. "I thought you care about me so much.... Where are you going?!" 
Cane didn’t have time to listen to Ethan’s complaints, so he turned and left while Ethan was mid sentence. 
"Can’t I get Aliana to help me, at least?! Cane! Alpha!" Ethan chased after Cane. 
And with that, Iris didn’t see Cane for a whole three days. Aliana told her that Cane came to visit her in the middle of every night after she had fallen asleep and then left without staying by her side. 
On the third day, when they were supposed to leave this pack, Iris still couldn’t manage to meet with Cane and her guilt turned into frustration and now she was angry. Her mood was instantly ruined when she saw the spot next to her was empty again this morning. 
You could tell how bad the Luna’s mood was from the way she glared at the warrior, who told her the Alpha just left before she arrived at the training ground again.
The tents had been pulled down and the injured people were fine now. There were new additions to their entourage, the warriors from the Bloody Wolf pack, but Cane had given an instruction for the additional warriors to guard at the outer parts, so Iris had not yet seen any of them. 
"Luna, come here, quick!" Aliana took away the bowl of water from her and grabbed her hand to take her somewhere. 
"What happened?" Iris looked confused, as she ran beside Aliana down this long corridor. It wasn’t really long before she was out of breath. Yes, her health had improved, thanks to Grace, but it didn’t mean she could run next to a shifter like Aliana and keep up with her. 
"I found where the Alpha is, we need to hurry, or else, he will run away again!" Aliana said enthusiastically. She didn’t slow down at all, forcing Iris to move her legs faster. 
The way Aliana talked about Cane made it sound like the Alpha was a runaway prisoner or something. 
Once they arrived at the greenhouse, where you could see Cane’s figure through the glass with another three warriors, Iris started to feel lightheaded. She had never run this fast in her entire life. 
"Go, Luna!" Aliana cheered for her, as she pushed Iris into the greenhouse and the next thing Iris knew, she had interrupted an important discussion. 
"Luna Iris." The three warriors greeted Iris and nodded at her, but Cane had this flat expression. It was hard to tell what was in his mind.
###Chapter 572: SOMETHING THE HEALER COULDN’T HEAL
Chapter 572: SOMETHING THE HEALER COULDN’T HEAL
Being stared at like this and knowing how she had interrupted their discussion, Iris felt an urge to apologize and back away at once. The door was right behind her and all she needed to do was to turn around and leave. 
But then, she would lose her chance to talk with Cane... 
"Uhm... Can you leave us for a while?" Iris asked timidly, trying so hard to look firm, but failing obviously. "P- please..." She was very nervous.
She became even more depressed when those three warriors turned to their alpha, waiting for him to say something about the order from their luna. 
Iris assumed Cane would ask her to leave. It would be embarrassing, but she could understand if Cane did that. 
However, the Alpha wouldn’t put his luna in such a position. He wouldn’t intentionally embarrass her. 
"You heard the Luna’s order," Cane said after a long pause, as he stared at Iris’ defeated expression, a result of herself thinking he would turn her down. 
Only then, Iris could sigh in relief. Even her shoulders visibly relaxed a bit. 
Hearing what the Alpha said, the three warriors immediately left the scene. Even they could feel the heavy atmosphere that shrouded their alpha and luna. They knew the two of them were not on good terms, because of what happened the other day. 
And somehow, they wished the two of them would be able to fix their problem soon, because recently the Alpha was very scary. It always looked like he had this murderous aura around him lately and that was too much for them. 
"What do you want, Iris?" Cane asked. Surprisingly, his voice was so gentle. Iris thought he would snarl at her for being defiant again and interrupting him with his warriors. 
What should I say? I am sorry? Why did you ignore me? Are you still mad at me? 
Iris had been thinking about what she was going to say when she met Cane again, but now, she was not sure what to say anymore. Her throat tightened and her eyes welled up with tears, as she became very emotional. 
"If there is nothing you want to say, I will leave." Cane didn’t even use the door behind Iris, though it was closer. Instead, he turned to use the door behind him to avoid her again. He didn’t even want to be in close proximity with her. 
What had gone wrong? Was he that mad? Like, mad mad, very mad with her? What could she do to fix it? 
Out of desperation and not knowing what to do, instead of talking and starting to explain why she was there, Iris yelled at him. 
"Cane! Stop right there!" Iris shouted at him out of impulse, when she saw how Cane was going to leave. 
This managed to make Cane stop and glance at her over his shoulder in disbelief. "First, you defied me and now you are ordering me around?" His tone was so dark, it was laced with perplexion. Did he give her enough guts to be this bold with him? 
Iris bit her lip, she felt like her body was getting smaller under his intense gaze. She didn’t dare to raise her head and chose to stare at the ground beneath her feet instead. She waited, thinking Cane would start to scold her or something, but instead of doing that, the Alpha simply resumed walking away from her. 
"Cane, wait!" Iris hastily raised her head and chased after him. She knew if Cane really wanted to walk away from her, he could do that in a heart beat, she couldn’t physically hold him back. 
Therefore, out of desperation, Iris tried to reach Cane before he could walk out of this greenhouse. Her plan was very simple: she would clutch onto him with all the strength she had and wouldn’t let him go until he agreed to talk to her and stop ignoring her. 
However, it was very unfortunate for her that her short legs didn’t want to cooperate. Her feet tripped on something on the ground and she stumbled. She lost her balance and her head hit one of the racks, which caused all the pots to fall. 
Iris shrieked when she realized those pots would fall on her and immediately closed her eyes in fear. Not only the pots, but the rack was about to collapse as well. She braced herself for the pain, but the next thing she felt was someone pulling her forward as her face got pressed against a sturdy chest. She could hear the rumbling groans from inside his chest and also the sound of broken pots around them. 
It was scary, but Iris knew it was Cane who was holding her tightly, protecting her from her own clumsiness. 
Only once the scary sounds of the broken pots stopped, did Cane release Iris. He checked on her immediately. His eyes became so dark and the frown between his brows looked so scary when he saw her forehead swollen. It must be because she had hit her head against the rack. 
However, the Alpha became even more fearsome when Iris started to cry. 
She didn’t cry because her head was in pain, she didn’t even care about the pain. She cried because she saw how much Cane worried about her and this made her feel a bit relieved, until it caused her to cry. She thought she was going to lose him, since he had been ignoring her. 
Such a relieved feeling made her want to cry and once she started, she couldn’t stop, while Cane became even more anxious to see her in tears, thinking Iris was in so much pain. 
The only visible wound that he could see was on her forehead, but there was no blood, aside from his own. Some sharp shard from the broken pots must have cut him, but this kind of wound was nothing to Cane. 
Cane was silent when he picked Iris up carefully and walked out of this mess. His feet crushed the shards further when he headed toward the exit door, while Iris hugged his neck tightly, as if she didn’t want to let him go, still crying. 
A few days ago, she defied him and just less than five minutes ago, she shouted an order at him and now she was crying desperately. 
Cane was half running to reach Grace in her room, but there was Joel and Celia inside. The young warrior had just received treatment from the healer, while Celia accompanied him. They were about to leave when the Alpha stormed inside and startled them all. It almost felt like a monster had barged into this room, as they could feel a dangerous aura coming from the Alpha. 
"Leave!" Cane growled, as he put Iris on the bed, but his mate refused to let go of his neck. She clutched onto him like she was glued to him. 
On the other hand, Celia immediately pushed Joel’s wheelchair out. The little girl was so scared to see the Alpha so enraged and wanted to leave immediately. Joel took a glance at the Luna, looking worried, but he would be crazy if he insisted on staying. In less than a minute, both him and Celia were already out of the room and the healer closed the door behind them. 
"Wh- what happened?" Grace asked, approaching Cane and stared at Iris. 
"She is hurt," Cane said grimly. 
"Hurt?" Grace came closer, she couldn’t see where Iris was hurt, nor could she smell any blood from her. "Can I see where you are hurt?" 
Iris refused to lie down and kept burying her face in the crook of Cane’s neck. She didn’t want to let him go. This was her plan after all. The more Cane tried to pry himself out of her arms, the more Iris tightened her grip on him, while Grace could only see her back. 
"Luna, can I see where you hurt yourself? I promise I will be quick," Grace coaxed her, but then she was speechless when Iris started to straddle Cane, because he was going to free himself from her forcefully, so Grace could check on her injury. 
"No!" Iris said sternly. Her voice was so hard and harsh. 
Judging by her voice alone, Grace knew she was fine, or at the very least, whatever injury she sustained it was not a life threatening one. 
But seriously, she felt so awkward to watch their position right now. 
There was a time when Grace saw the Alpha acting strangely, like he was not himself, but at this moment, it was the Luna. How could she straddle the Alpha in the presence of other people?! 
"Alpha, I think the Luna is fine. Probably, she is only shocked by what had happened, so it will be better to let her calm down, I will make a concoction to calm her nerves." Grace tactfully made an excuse to leave this room. She bolted out of the door once the Alpha nodded, leaving the two of them alone. 
But, outside of the room, she met with Aliana, who was grinning from ear to ear. "How is the Luna? Why did you come out? The Alpha asked you to leave?" 
Grace frowned, this sister of the Beta was rather cunning and she knew that. "I want to make a concoction for the Luna, it seems she is still in shock." 
"Nah!" Aliana waved her hand and put an arm around Grace’s shoulder, as she walked her over. "Don’t bother them, at least for the next ten to twelve hours." 
"What?!" Grace wanted to swat Aliana’s hand away, as she walked her in a different direction. 
"Trust me, my friend, there are a lot of things that you can’t heal," Aliana grinned.
###Chapter 573: MY APOLOGIES
Chapter 573: MY APOLOGIES
Iris kept hugging Cane desperately, as if he was going to disappear if she loosened her arms around his neck, still crying. 
"Let Grace check on your wounds, okay?" Cane sighed deeply. He leaned his back against the wall, sitting on the bed with Iris on top of him. She was glued to him, so close, he could feel her beating heart against his chest. Her scent engulfed him and he couldn’t help but feel so relaxed. 
He missed this scent, he missed holding her so close, he missed her... 
The past three days, he couldn’t sleep well, his nightmares returned without her by his side. Not only was Cane only able to sleep for just two to three hours at nights, but during the days, he had to suppress the lycan as well, as the black wisp kept appearing every now and then. The lycan became so restless and agitated for not spending enough time with her. 
"No!" Iris whimpered. 
"You are hurt." 
"You are the one who hurt me..." 
Cane gave up. He stopped his attempts to push her away, instead he hugged her and caressed her hair and back, soothing her anxiety. 
For a long moment, they stayed like that, without saying anything and just enjoying each other’s company, because heaven was when the two of them were alone, forgetting their miseries and troubles of the world out there for a moment. 
"Let me see your wound," Cane said when Iris finally calmed down enough and stopped crying. "Or else, it will leave a scar." 
Reluctantly, Iris raised her head and stared at him with swollen eyes, her face was so red, especially her nose, which Cane kissed gently. He kissed her swollen forehead too and Iris flinched. 
"Painful?" 
"It’s nothing compared to the pain in here." Iris pointed a finger at her heart. "You keep ignoring me and it hurts me so much. I feel like someone stabbed me with a rusty dagger and twisted it viciously. I want to apologize for the way I acted that day. I know I was at fault, but you didn’t give me a chance at all. You hurt me so much, you said you will not hurt me intentionally." 
Iris couldn’t help it, she poured her heart out in order to make Cane understand how miserable she was in the past three days, so he would know how she felt. She was used to talking about her feelings openly and now she put in so much effort to let him know how much she regretted her actions that day and how sorry she was for challenging his authority in front of his people. 
What she did was not acceptable in this continent, as a woman, you should oblige the man in your life. That was how this world worked. It was unheard of for a luna or any mistress, no matter how favored they were, to challenge the man that owned them. 
"I am sorry, I am truly sorry..." A silent tear fell on her cheek and Cane leaned over to kiss it. "Forgive me..." 
"Iris," Cane called her name softly, but firmly. "In the future, I don’t want you to challenge my order again," he said. "If I say you go left, you will go left. If I tell you to go, you must go, no questions asked. Even if I ask you to leave me behind, you need to do it without turning back, understand?" 
Iris frowned. She didn’t like the sound of the last sentence. "How can I leave you behind?" She was unhappy and Cane knew she would focus on that part. 
"Because I want you to be safe. I don’t want people to judge you. If you want to disagree with me, do it behind closed doors. I will always take your opinion into consideration, but never disagree with me in public. I don’t want to be forced to discipline my own luna." 
It was a tradition in this continent, women didn’t have a voice in regards to men’s decisions and no matter how much Cane favored Iris, challenging him in front of his people wouldn’t look good on the two of them. Cane didn’t want there to be a single negative word about Iris if he could help it. 
He knew firsthand how a rumor would start and that kind of stuff could ruin your reputation and put you in a damaging and disadvantageous situation. 
"Okay," Iris said in a small voice, but then she added. "Now I can protect myself, you know." She couldn’t help but brag about how she killed a lot of enemies during the last attack by the Silver Warriors. "I squeezed their wolf spirits and your warriors could kill them easily." 
"Our." 
"Hm? What?" 
"Our warriors, Iris," Cane corrected her, he had been wanting to emphasize this, but the moment was never right, only now he could bring this up. "Our warriors, Iris. They are our warriors, our people, our pack, don’t draw the line." 
Iris lowered her gaze, but Cane pinched her chin, so she could look him in the eyes. "I know most of them started to hate me again because of the royal warrior’s provocation. I can feel their hostility toward me, Cane." 
Cane kissed her lips and both of her eyes. He couldn’t do anything to change people’s hearts, he was not a mind controller, this was an internal trouble that he couldn’t fix. He couldn’t dictate them on their point of view, that was why, he was adamant for Iris not to challenge him in public, just in case their hatred got worse. 
He didn’t want to be in a situation, where he must eliminate his own people, like he had already done. His heart had been so heavy when Haco had finished the job and he couldn’t shake this feeling off easily, more so when he couldn’t talk about this to anyone else. This was a secret that he would bring to his grave. 
Thankfully or rather unfortunately, Haco forgot everything that happened and their conversation that night, as he had been fiddling with his herbs now. 
"I can only promise that you don’t need to deal with them." Cane caressed her cheek and Iris melted at his touch. "What about the five warriors?" Cane had seen how Aliana managed to get close to his mate effortlessly, while Eron and Dyne were not a problem. 
"They are fine." Iris remembered all the things they talked about her when they thought she couldn’t hear them. 
"Iris, you know that you are not good at lying, right?" 
"But, I am telling you the truth." Iris tried to show her innocent expression and then changed the topic. "Don’t ignore me again, Cane. I would rather have you scold me and punish me." 
"You know I will never do that." Cane wrapped his arms under her thighs and lifted her up, as he stood up. Instinctively, Iris hugged his neck. "Get that green bottle and the white one." Because both of his arms supported Iris’ body, he couldn’t grab the bottles that were needed to clean her wound. "Also some cotton." 
Iris grabbed all the items that Cane mentioned and he put her back on the bed again, this time, Iris didn’t clutch onto him. 
"This might sting a bit, hold on." Cane started to work on cleaning her wound, while Iris stared at him. 
He must have forgotten to ask Iris to promise him about what he had requested of her, but there was no way Iris would agree to leave him behind no matter what circumstances they were in. 
But again, no one knew what the future held for them. 
"We are going to leave to the Diandem pack tomorrow morning." 
The number of casualties in the Silver Warriors from the last attack was rather significant and Cane was sure with an additional two hundred fifty warriors from the Bloody Wolf pack, they would think twice before trying to attack them again. 
Cane had arranged someone to take care of the treasury of this pack and distribute it wisely to help this pack go through winter, but his decision was solid, he wouldn’t make this pack a part of his territory. There was nothing this pack could offer and the people here were suffering with a ’special’ condition, where they couldn’t be accepted by other packs. 
This was the best Cane could do for them. 
Later that night, the Alpha finally got a good night’s sleep, while holding his mate close to him, as Iris slept with content in his arms. 
However, little did they know, a beast managed to sneak into their bedroom. This creature seemed to know this place very well, which helped under this tight security. 
The beast headed toward the bed slowly, its fangs barred and its sharp claws emerged, ready to tear its target into pieces. 
The beast’s brown eyes fell on the two people hugging each other on the bed, as if they melted into one entity, and those atrocious brown eyes shifted to the auburn haired woman. 
It was a golden opportunity to attack as they were not aware of their surroundings, being so vulnerable to danger, because they believed their people would keep them safe. 
It didn’t take long before the beast locked its target on the woman. He was ordered to kill this certain woman, thus that was what he was going to do for an immeasurable amount of fortune. 
However, what he didn’t expect was; the Alpha was actually awake by the time the beast made it to the bedside, ready to kill the woman. 
This cold feeling as if there was a really stronger predator around shocked him to his core, especially when he saw those red eyes.
###Chapter 574: SPEECHLESS
Chapter 574: SPEECHLESS
Iris woke up when she heard loud growls and snarls, followed by the door being slammed open as five to seven warriors poured into the room. 
She immediately covered herself with the blanket and sat down, but her attention was on the door. Those warriors were dumbstruck in their tracks upon seeing what was going on inside. 
Once Iris followed their line of sight, Iris screeched, she quickly covered her mouth with her hands when she realized that Cane just ripped a beast’s body. He twisted its forelimbs and removed them from its body. He threw its hindlegs to the floor, while his expression turned malice. 
He did all of that in his human form, one could only imagine how strong he was to be able to fight a beast without shifting. 
Iris watched Cane’s side profile and when he tilted his head, finally noticing that Iris was awake, she could see how his eyes had turned so red. 
Oh, hell no. It was Lu! The lycan took over Cane’s body again. 
Cane must be too tired to be able to suppress the lycan from coming to the surface, especially when he finally got his peaceful sleep. 
"Don’t look, my moon." His voice was extremely gentle, a complete contrast to his bloody hands and the gruesome scene he had created. "Close your eyes, my sweet moon." 
Yes, it was definitely him. 
The sight was disturbing, but Iris could handle it, she had seen something as cruel as this before, yet still, she chose not to stare for long and directed her attention toward the seven warriors there. 
They must not have realized Cane’s red eyes, because the Alpha had his back to them. When Cane turned around, he threw the bloody body of the headless beast without its limbs toward them. Blood splattered everywhere and sprayed onto their clothes when the body fell on the floor near their feet. 
They gasped loudly and avoided seeing the dead body and the Alpha. They could sense the anger filling the room and how the atmosphere became so tense. 
"You bastards! Useless shifters!" The Alpha roared angrily because their enemy managed to sneak inside the bedroom. He stalked closer toward them with his sharp claws emerging from the tips of his fingers. "You let this thing sneak into this room!? What are you doing out there?! Fucking each other?!" 
The seven warriors flinched, instinctively, they took a step back, because the dangerous aura that surrounded the Alpha was so strong, they couldn’t stand his dominant figure. 
"O- our apologies, Alpha..." They stammered, begging for the Alpha’s mercy. They knew they had messed up big time for not noticing the enemy sneaking into the bedroom. Such a mistake deserved death as punishment, because they had put their alpha in a gravely dangerous situation. The Alpha and the Luna could have been killed in their sleep! 
"Apologies?!" The Alpha sneered derisively. Him and his mate losing their lives could be offset by an apology? They must be still daydreaming now if they thought this matter would end here. "You can atone to your sins with your lives!" 
Lu growled and charged forward, he was ready to kill these useless seven warriors, who failed their assignment. The genuine killing intent from the Alpha couldn’t be mistaken and all of them froze in their place, unable to move an inch. 
It would be their doom, that was it, this would be the end of it, if it was not for the Luna who took action in time. 
"LU!" Iris threw the blanket away and suppressed her urge to vomit when her barefoot felt the slicky blood on the floor, as she threw herself at the lycan and hugged him from behind. 
Lu roared angrily, but he didn’t dare to shake Iris’ off, nor did he push her away. If he wanted, no matter how hard Iris tried to stop him, he would be able to kill these warriors off in a blink of an eye. 
"Don’t kill them, okay?" Iris pleaded softly. Cane would be devastated if he had to face any more deaths of his warriors. They just made up this afternoon and she didn’t want to see him sad again, she could see how distraught he was upon losing his warriors three days back. 
If there would be any punishment, Cane should be the one to decide it. 
However, right now, the lycan was livid beyond words! 
"Useless mutts like them don’t deserve to stay alive!" Lu growled at Iris, but he retracted his claws, just in case he hurt her. It pissed him off when this petite girl could stop him so easily. He should have moved faster... 
On the other hand, Iris grimaced, because in a way, she had defied his words again, even after she promised him not to do so. 
"Let’s find another suitable punishment, okay?" Iris didn’t loosen her arms around his hips, as she lifted her head to look the lycan in the eyes. 
"Do you want to torture them? Cut their limbs one by one and pull their hearts out slowly?" 
The corners of Iris’ eyes twitched, this lycan was seemingly creative enough with his torture methods, while the seven warriors immediately fell to their knees and hit their heads against the floor, they didn’t care about the blood, as they begged for mercy. 
Yet, Lu ignored their cries, as he continued because Iris didn’t seem interested in his first idea. 
"Or do you want to peel their flesh inch by inch before they could heal themselves, so in the end, they will not have anything left. We can also force them to eat bits of their own flesh, let’s see if it will increase their healing ability." 
"Lu..." Iris spoke softly, she felt so dizzy just by listening to his cruelty. 
Meanwhile, the warriors were too afraid for their own lives to realize Iris called the Alpha with another name. 
"Or..." 
Lu wanted to suggest another thing when Iris kissed his cheek. "Let’s clean yourself off this blood, while we think about what kind of punishment is suitable for them." 
Lu stared at Iris, she was wearing her night gown in front of these mutts and he was not happy with that, especially when she dirtied herself with the blood of this useless beast, who tried to kill them. 
"I told you to stay on the bed, now you are dirty." 
"It’s okay, let’s clean up first and let them clean this room too." 
"Do you mean taking a bath together?" 
Iris was speechless. "Yes." 
"Okay." 
With that, Lu forgot about punishing those warriors, at least for now, since he had another important thing to do. 
"Clean this mess and call Ethan to see me," Iris ordered the seven of them, who were trembling in fear. They felt like their lives flashed before their eyes. 
"Y- yes, yes, Luna... thank you, Luna..." 
If it was not for the Luna’s intervention, they would have died by now, and ended up like the beast before them, being shredded to pieces... 
They knew their alpha favored his mate, they also had witnessed how the Luna escaped unscathed after defying his order. That event left them speechless, but what happened right now, showed how much power that their Luna held.
It was a risk that Iris had taken when she jumped onto an angry alpha, but she did that and it saved their lives, because they believed the Alpha would kill them. 
All of them lifted their heads slightly, as they took a glance when the Luna ushered the Alpha into the bathroom and closed the door behind them. 
They could finally breathe in relief when the Alpha was out of their sight, even the atmosphere felt a little bit lighter. 
"I don’t ever want to be on the Luna’s bad side..." one of the warriors muttered, as he fell on his butt, staring blankly at the closed door of the bathroom. 
The night fell into a deep silence, while the putrid smell of the blood filled the air. The seven warriors immediately got up and did what their luna had ordered them to do. 
"Take off your clothes," Iris said, after she prepared a bath for him, she dropped a few more stones into the water, so it would be warm enough. 
"Okay," Lu obliged. He shrugged his clothes off and within a second he was standing in front of Iris in all his naked glory. "Do you want me to take off your dress?" 
Iris was speechless. Her face turned so red to see Cane’s naked body. Okay, it was not the first time for her to see him like this, but she still couldn’t get used to it, unless they were in a different situation. 
"I- I will take off my dress later..." Iris stuttered a bit. "Get into the water, I will help you clean the blood." 
"We can bathe together..." Lu whined, approaching Iris. "Come on, take it off." He pulled on the strings of her dress, like a child. 
"Lu." At this point, Iris really wanted to cry, she was not sure she could get out of this situation easily. 
"I miss you, that bastard wouldn’t once let me out," Lu complained and Iris was not sure how to react. "Let’s make a baby! You have never done it in the water, right? That man lacks imagination. Come on! It will be fun!" 
Lu leaned over and whispered into her ear, as he told her the things that he was going to do to her, how he would pleasure her, while Iris looked on, petrified. 
Though it was Cane’s body, Iris felt like she would be cheating him if she did it with Lu.
###Chapter 575: THE LYCAN THREW A TANTRUM
Chapter 575: THE LYCAN THREW A TANTRUM
"Have you lost your mind, you idiot!?" Alan got a harsh slap on his face from his maternal grandfather. This old man was furious and even though he looked so old, he held an immense strength, which could send Alan falling to the ground with one slap. 
Yes, Alan was the King, he claimed the throne, but the real power was held by this man. Zeke. His grandfather from his mother’s side. He controlled everything and ruled anything, even people who were against them. They were the mind controllers. 
"You useless thing!" Zeke kicked Alan to the ground and did it a few times more, while he begged himself to be spared. He didn’t dare to attack back, knowing he wouldn’t stand a chance to fight him. 
The only people in this room aside from the two of them were Corry, his advisor and the head of the royal sorcerers, Dexter, who was none other than Alan’s uncle. 
Corry looked mortified to witness how the King was being treated, but he understood the true power behind the throne and he would be seeking death if he was daring enough to interrupt, thus all he could do was to stand at the side, watching everything that unfolded. 
Alan spat out blood along with one of his molars. He curled his body on the floor, whimpering and crying like a child, begging his grandfather to stop. 
This was the King of the shifter kingdom, being assaulted in his own palace without anyone daring to stop it. 
"You are so useless!" Zeke delivered a harsh kick one last time, which made Alan gasp loudly. He vomited his guts out the next moment. 
The reason why Zeke was so enraged was because Alan had given an order to Alpha Gallot to come in contact with the Silver Warriors in the Silver River side pack to kidnap Cane’s mate. 
Alan was very impulsive. His way of thinking was very simple. He only wanted to get back at Cane and would do anything to make it happen, especially now that he was the King. He could use his power to fulfill his dreams of defiling his mate. 
He had learned that Cane favored Iris so much and would take her everywhere he went with a lot of layers of protection, but what he failed to learn was how to execute his plan. He was very immature and was not a good strategist to say the least. No wonder his attempt failed so miserably. 
But, once Zeke learned about it, he was livid beyond words. He wanted to make Cane lower his guard, letting him think that he and Cyan backed off completely, especially after the war for the throne with the Red Claw pack commenced. 
Yet, what Alan did would put the Alpha in high alert and it wouldn’t go well with his plan. 
"A dog is smarter than you!" Zeke spat in Alan’s face, as he still curled himself on the floor. "You are so shameful! Useless bastard! You should be lucky to be able to play king with that stupid brain of yours! It is so embarrassing that my daughter’s blood runs in your veins! Idiot!" 
Corry lowered his head. He was truly afraid. He had warned Alan to consult Zeke about this or at least ask Dexter first if he was going to plan something against Cane, as Zeke’s instruction was very clear that they had to stay away from Cane and his pack for the meantime. 
Yet, Alan simply didn’t want to listen, thinking he was the King and he could give an order to kill whoever he liked. He thought his grandfather and mother would praise him if he managed to kill Cane, since he knew how the Alpha had caused his mother to go blind, though he didn’t have any idea of the details. 
"Father, I think you need to see her now," Dexter said, once his father stopped spouting his vile words. "Aria is about to give birth, but there has been a difficulty." 
Zeke threw a nasty look at his grandson before he commanded him to get up and follow him. 
"I think we need help from a midwife. Aria has been in pain since this morning. Cyan made some concoctions, but it didn’t help." The first contraction happened this morning, but it lasted until midnight and by this time, Aria had lost a lot of energy. Dexter had been giving her his blood to keep her awake. 
"Cut her stomach if she still can’t deliver the baby," Zeke said coldly. 
========================= 
"Lu, I can’t do it with you..." Iris said. She tried to put distance between her and this lycan, who took over Cane’s body again. 
"Whyyyyy?" Lu wailed in disappointment. "Do you think what I am going to do with you will not be good enough? I will let you be on top of me, if you want!" 
Iris really wanted to cry! She didn’t know whether she should be embarrassed by his bluntness, or she should be angry because of how careless he spoke about them being intimate. 
This lycan was the epitome of her frustration, but Iris tried to be gentle and patient with him, knowing he didn’t mean anything bad. 
"It’s still in the middle of the night and I am so tired, I don’t think I can last for long... tomorrow we need to leave to the Diandem pack." 
"We can leave next week, you don’t want to leave this pack, so we don’t need to leave." Lu’s red eyes lit up when he thought he found a good bargain to convince Iris to have sex with himself. "We will do everything you want! We can have a lot of sex! Day and night! It will be fun!" 
Lu was talking about having sex with Iris, as if they were going to take a stroll in the back garden. Day and night?! Was he planning to kill her? 
Yes, Iris didn’t want to leave this pack and wanted to figure out how to help these people, but she understood Cane’s point of view and he had warned her there would be a lot of inconvenient situations like this in the future, where she had to stop using her heart and focus on the long term results. 
"Lu... I am tired." Iris turned him down gently. She knew Lu wouldn’t go against her wishes, or force himself on her without her consent, thus she didn’t feel afraid of him, only more frustrated with the situation. 
Lu pouted. "You told me to take off my clothes and now I am naked for nothing? I better vent out my anger on those useless warriors out there. I am going to bathe in their blood." 
Iris immediately held his arm, afraid he would really go outside and do what he said. "No killing, okay?" 
Lu growled, he narrowed his eyes. "Are you going to make me promise that crap again?" 
A realization dawned on Iris when she finally understood what Lu meant by that. He was referring to the time the first Serafim made him promise not to kill anyone, which resulted in his death. 
"Unless they attack you first and you are in danger," Iris added, correcting herself. 
"So, if I hit their head and they attack me, I can kill them?" 
"Lu!" 
What kind of logic was that?! 
Lu sighed in annoyance and Iris really wanted to tell him it should be her, who was annoyed. 
"I can’t get it down," Lu said, as he lowered his head and stared at his penis, which got so hard. Iris followed his line of sight and wanted to facepalm herself. What now? "It’s so painful, I can’t get it down." 
"What are you excited for?!" Iris shrieked. 
"I am always excited whenever I am with you, my lovely moon," Lu replied innocently, but there was nothing innocent about this cunning lycan. "Can’t you help me with this? It is very uncomfortable..." he whined. 
Iris helped Cane before with this, she knew what to do without doing the deed, but she still felt so wrong to do it when it was Lu, who took over Cane’s body and it was not really her mate. 
"Why didn’t he fix this?" Lu stared at the ugly scar on his phallus. "Can’t you do something with your little light? Maybe it can help? You can fix that young boy’s legs." 
It never crossed Iris’ mind. But.... 
"Yes, I help purify the traces of black magic, while in your case, it happened not because of dark magic..." 
"Try, give it a try first. Come, touch it!" Lu directed her hand to his phallus and Iris freaked out. 
"Wait, wait!" She immediately took a step back and Lu looked so disappointed. 
"It is so uncomfortable..." Lu whined again. 
"Get in the water, okay, I will bathe you and put you in warm clothes, you will be fine." 
Grumbling and groaning, Lu got into the bathtub and dipped himself in the warm water, but sat there uncomfortably. 
Meanwhile, after calming herself down, Iris approached him and knelt down beside the bathtub to give him a quick bath, while Lu would keep nudging her neck with his nose and playing with her hair. 
"This is uncomfortable... I feel like I am going to die..." 
"It won’t get down..." 
"I am dying..." 
Iris felt so bad, especially when it was Cane’s face, which looked so miserable, while he begged her. In the end, she touched him... 
It was only a light caress in the beginning, which made the lycan moan, in Cane’s voice and Iris loved to hear it. 
But then, Iris stopped. 
"Lu, tell me about Rei..." Iris whispered into his ear.
###Chapter 576: THE WARM NIGHT
Chapter 576: THE WARM NIGHT
If the lycan was going to get something out of her, it was only fair if she got something from him too, right? Iris felt so bold when she started this game with Lu. 
At this moment, she didn’t want to think how Cane would react the moment he got his body back. Well, it was his fault that Lu came out... at least, Iris justified her actions saying that to herself right now. 
"Tell me about Rei," Iris asked Lu, as she stopped her movements, which made the lycan groan in frustration. He tried to move his hips, but Iris didn’t budge. 
"I don’t want to talk about him!" Lu was frustrated. He didn’t want to talk about another man, especially that particular man when he finally got to have his pleasure. 
"Okay," Iris said simply, as she dropped her hand from Lu’s phallus, she would just clean him up then since he refused to talk. 
"No..." Lu whimpered, he tried to grab Iris’ hand and bring it back to his member, but Iris spoke sternly to him, something that weirdly she was only comfortable doing with the lycan. 
"Lu, I don’t want to do it, let go of my hand." 
Lu stopped his movements, he was in agony. He didn’t want to go against Iris’ wishes, but... damn it! He had needs too! 
"Lu." 
Lu was still holding Iris’ hand, but he didn’t move it against his member, while he squirmed uncomfortably. 
"If I talk, will you touch me?" Lu asked in a dejected tone. It was not fun at all! It was really not fun! Why did he need to talk about Rei while his mate pleasured him?! He didn’t even want to talk about him under other, normal circumstances, let alone right now. 
But, did he have another choice? Would he be able to go against Iris’ wishes and force her to do something she didn’t want to? 
"Fine!" Lu grumbled. "I will tell you after." 
Iris shook her head. That was not how it worked. "I will stop the moment you stop talking." 
"No!!!" Lu wailed. He growled at her, seemingly angry, but oddly, Iris was daring enough to look him right in the eyes. 
"Then I will just clean you." 
Cane’s face crumpled and this was an expression that the Alpha would never make at all, seeing which somehow made Iris feel enjoyment. It was fun to see that Cane actually could make such a face, though it was not him. 
"Rei is your personal’s guard..." Lu started talking, he moaned when Iris started touching him again. 
When Lu said ’your personal guard’, he must be referring to the first Serafim, since Lu saw Iris and the first Serafim as the same entity. 
"He was someone who was supposed to protect you even if it costs him his own life," Lu scoffed, but then his breathing became heavy when Iris flicked the tip of his phallus and this made his whole body tense up, as he rested his head against her shoulder, breathing in her scent, before continuing his story in a whispery tone. 
Rei loved Na and the same was obvious from the way he took his duty to protect her personally. That was why he was against Lu when she became so close with him. 
And the reason why Rei was still alive even after five hundred years had passed was because he started using black magic. 
"That son of a bitch! He criticized me because I am a cursed creature, while he went ahead and used the black magic himself! Ah!" Lu was complaining and moaning, as he cussed under his breath. "Damn it! Why do I have to talk about him?!" 
Despite his protests, Lu kept talking or else, Iris would stop. 
The first Serafim had caused his death, but it felt way better than this torture, desire, lust and annoyance, the lycan couldn’t decide which one was more prominent. 
"He detached himself from the Holy Kingdom and created his own faction... in the Holy Kingdom. Sssh! Damn it!" Lu alternated between explaining things and moaning and then cursing. "There are two factions in the holy kingdom, one that doesn’t believe the current Serafim is the true Serafim. They called themselves as the pure faction and the other is the one you and the public know right now." 
Apparently, the pure faction had secluded themselves, waiting for the resurgence of the true Serafim, they believed, the day of the resurrection of the first Serafim would be the day the Decratic would appear again. 
"What about the current Serafim?" Iris was too shocked, she stopped moving her hand. After all, she didn’t think her life would be so complicated for having the first Serafim’s life essence, which she didn’t even know until recently. 
"I didn’t stop talking, don’t stop..." Lu wailed. 
"Oh..." Iris felt her hand was so numb. She knew the end of her poor hand, but she couldn’t back down from her deal. 
And when she started to slow down, Lu grabbed her hand and moved it himself to reach the pace he liked. The sound of the sloshing water and his moans echoing throughout the walls made Iris’ body turn hot as well. 
A year ago, she would never have imagined to be in this kind of weird situation, where she held some kind of power over the lycan or even threaten him. 
Things happened and people changed... 
"The current Serafim only has traces of the power that Na used to have. The Serafim power she held is not pure and whole." Lu clicked his tongue and then hummed in delight when he kissed Iris’ neck. 
"What about the swords I had seen? Where are those swords?" 
"We promised only to talk about Rei, the jerk from the Holy Kingdom," Lu reminded her and Iris grimaced at the additional title behind Rei’s name that the lycan gave to him. "Ah!" Lu jerked a bit, because Iris squeezed his member a little bit too tight. 
"Doesn’t anyone know that he uses black magic to stay alive for so long?" 
"Of course!" Lu leaned over and rested his head in the crook of her shoulder, trying to get every bit he could have from Iris that she allowed him, since she swatted his hand away when he tried to touch her breast. 
This was not even pleasurable, but he couldn’t say that either... 
"They knew. All the people in the Holy Kingdom knew about the pure faction that Rei leads and also about how he got his immortality." 
"And they did nothing?" 
"Why are you so surprised to know how many hypocritical people there are still breathing in this realm?" 
"The Holy Kingdom is against dark magic users, but they have a few around them, yet they did nothing about it. That’s double standards..." 
"That’s how this world works..." 
Lu’s body shuddered, he was so close to his release, which made Iris breathe in relief, since Cane would take another hour to get to this point. 
However, the lycan started to curse aggressively under his breath, which made his whole body so tense and Iris thought this was how he expressed himself when he got to his climax. 
Yet, she was so wrong! 
Because when Lu stopped cursing and he lifted his head, it was a pair of black eyes that glared at her, as dark as charcoal... 
"C- Cane..." Iris stammered, not sure about what to do. She wanted to pull her hand away, but his grip tightened around her wrist and in one swift movement, Cane pulled her into the bathtub as well. 
"Didn’t I tell you to stab me when he did this?" Cane flipped her body and raised her dress, as he tore her undergarments. 
"I..." Iris was flustered when Cane’s finger caressed her clit, she bit her lip to hold back her moan. 
"Touching him made you so aroused?" Cane said from behind her, as his hand sneaked around her thigh, touching her intimate part. The water flooded the floor with the two of them moving about inside the bathtub. "Hm?" 
"B- because I was thinking it was you..." Iris said truthfully, she gasped when Cane inserted one more finger. She felt so full, her heart beat so fast in her ears. "I didn’t let him touch me... I..." 
She was talking about Rei a moment ago with a docile lycan, but right now she had to face the angry alpha. 
"Will you let me touch you?" Cane asked, he bit lightly on her shoulder, as she could feel his hardness rest against her bottom. 
"Y- yes..." Iris nodded, she was breathless and couldn’t think straight, she held the edge of the bathtub to keep her head above the water, while Cane supported her body from behind. 
The Alpha groaned, seemingly satisfied with her answer, but he withdrew his fingers, which made Iris whimper. 
"You are pretty cunning to pull this trick, Iris..." Cane licked her earlobe and Iris couldn’t get away from his assault. 
Lu was right, it was very uncomfortable when Cane stopped touching her! 
"Cane, please..." Iris whimpered, trying to get her release. "Please..." She said it over and over again. 
Behind her, Iris could hear how Cane growled in frustration, before he gave up and entered her, both of them moaned, as their need was met and the Alpha started to pound her so hard from behind, while he rubbed her clit faster and harder, there was nothing, but pleasure. 
It wasn’t long before they found their climax, they came undone, as the pressure exploded through their veins, spreading tingles throughout. 
Iris could feel Cane’s warm release inside her, along with a painful and pleasurable bite on her shoulder. She let out a shaky breath. 
"Are you okay?" Cane asked, concern evident in his voice.
###Chapter 577: CANE WAS NOT YET DONE WITH HER
Chapter 577: CANE WAS NOT YET DONE WITH HER
Iris flinched when Cane pulled himself out of her and pulled her to lie on his chest, as he leaned against the bathtub. 
"Are you okay?" Cane asked again, his voice didn’t sound so angry anymore, as he took off her dress, while Iris snuggled against him sleepily. Her hand was numb, but it was better than the last time. 
"Hm... sleepy," Iris mumbled, closing her eyes and nuzzling his neck. 
Seeing her like this, of course, Cane couldn’t continue to get angry with her, nor could he reprimand her for touching the lycan. 
In the end, it was Cane, who bathed her and by the time they returned to their bedroom, Iris had fallen asleep and the room had been cleaned, though if you were a shifter, you would still smell a faint scent of blood inside this room, but it was still bearable. 
Cane didn’t put any clothes on her and let her sleep naked, since the weather was warm and a blanket was enough to keep her warm enough. 
After that, Cane stayed awake until morning. He would deal with the seven warriors later because he didn’t want to leave Iris alone, he didn’t trust himself to fall asleep after the lycan took over his consciousness. 
Even so, begrudgingly, Cane had to thank the cursed creature for taking care of that intruder, or else the aftermath could have been more dire than this. 
The whole night, Cane stared at Iris’ sleeping face, peppering her with kisses here and there and running his fingers on the scars on her back absentmindedly. He heard the conversation between Lu and Iris earlier, as he was also listening, though his focus was not on the subject. He got a grip of the bigger picture of who Rei was and it seemed he would be a pain in the ass in the near future if he held some kind of power upon the Holy Kingdom. 
He spent the whole night thinking about his next step and what he was going to do when they finally met with the Serafim and the people from the Holy Kingdom, would they take Iris away? Or would they go against her? Would Rei appear again?
Of course, he would. They would reach a moment where they had to face that hypocritical man, who resorted to using black magic for his own selfish reasons, but condemned anyone else, who did the same thing. 
Cane nibbled on her earlobe, as she squirmed and unconsciously pushed him away from her and this small reaction drew a subtle smile to his lips. 
In the morning when Iris finally woke up, she found herself naked, while Cane was hovering above her, his face was so close, which startled her a little bit. 
"C- Cane?" Iris stuttered, as she covered her mouth with her palm, embarrassed if she had a morning breath, but Cane didn’t mind it at all, as he pulled her hand away and kissed her, his tongue plunged into her mouth and this sudden affection in the morning caught Iris off guard. 
However, she didn’t mind it at all, as her body melted against his. Iris caught his face with both of her palms and lifted her body slightly, so she would get to feel more of him. Instinctively, she wrapped her legs around his hips, which caused the Alpha to growl dangerously. 
Iris moaned into his mouth when his hardness rested against her opening, she was so wet and ready for him. 
There was no foreplay, as Cane held down her thighs and parted her legs, so he was the one, who was in charge. Iris yelped when Cane sank into her with a hard and deep thrust, she felt her whole body get rattled. 
"Okay?" Cane lifted his head, letting her get some air, as he stared at her scrunched face. 
Iris nodded. "F- Fine..." she swallowed so hard when she saw the unconcealed lust in those dark eyes, as if he was going to devour her and embarrassingly, she found herself excited about what he was going to do to her. 
With that, Cane pulled out and thrusted into her again deeper and harder this time, which made Iris breathe shakily. 
Yes, the Alpha didn’t look like he was angry anymore about the lycan, but this almost felt like punishment, though Iris didn’t mind it at all... it seemed, Cane had not yet really let it go. 
Cane thrusted into her over and over again and with each thrust, he went deeper and harder. With her thighs being held down, she couldn’t move her body, nor could she escape from this torture. All she could do was accept it. 
"C- Cane..." Iris whimpered when she felt her climax was close, but all of a sudden, Cane stopped and pulled himself out of her, which made Iris open her eyes in frustration. What was this? He wanted her to beg him again? 
But, before she could make her plea, Cane started kissing her, biting on her lips and sucking on her tongue, swallowing the words she was going to say. He kept her on edge! 
Cane kissed her passionately, but he didn’t touch her where she needed him the most at this particular moment, where she wanted him to touch her the most. It was extremely uncomfortable! This was the first time for her to go through this sexual frustration, as Cane kept kissing her for another minute, without letting her reach her climax. 
Iris whimpered, trying to move her hips, but she couldn’t do it, because Cane was still holding her thighs apart. He was being so mean! 
Frustrated, Iris bit his lip, she didn’t let go until Cane groaned and pinched her nipple, which shocked her. Mischievous gaze was what greeted Iris when she opened her eyes and watched how her mate ran his tongue on his lower lip, where she bit earlier. 
"Please..." Iris said timidly. Her body felt so unwell with the tension that needed to be released. 
"Haven’t I told you not to touch the lycan, hm?" Cane licked her earlobe this time, he used his knees to hold her thighs apart, while he held Iris’ face with one hand and played with her nipple with the other. Even so, he still refused to give what she needed. 
"I am s- sorry..." Iris wanted to cry, she breathed heavily. "I w- will not do it again..." she promised him absentmindedly, as Cane twisted and pinched her nipple until it turned so red. 
After that, Cane paid attention to her other breast, he lowered his head and sucked on her nipple so hard, Iris arched her back and tried to move her body, she grabbed his hair, as if she was holding on for dear life. 
"Cane, please..." Tears streamed down her face, she was going to die if he kept going on like this. 
But, instead of granting her wishes, Cane flipped her body and pulled her hips up. He tossed away the pillow, so Iris could rest her head on the bed. She blinked her eyes, not sure whether he would continue the torture, or finally give her what she needed. 
Yet, what Cane did next was something that he had never done before. 
"Ah!" Iris yelped in surprise when she felt Cane insert his finger in her small arsehole. 
The Alpha leaned over to check on her and his scent engulfed her, as his chest against covered her back and his warm breath caressed her bare shoulder. 
"Uncomfortable?" Cane asked in a hoarse voice. 
Iris was not sure how to answer that, she yelped because she didn’t expect Cane to do something to that part of her body, but now, she didn’t think she was uncomfortable with this. Surprised, yes, but not uncomfortable. 
"I- it’s fine..." Iris said in a small voice. 
"Good." Cane pressed a kiss to her shoulder and licked her skin, while he moved his finger in and out of her arsehole. This gave a different sensation to Iris. It felt dirty, but at the same time, she was not against it. 
Next, Cane inserted his fingers into her wet opening and this made Iris squeal, feeling so much better when his thumb massaged her clit. 
Her hair was scattered on the bed and her ass was up in the air, while Cane touched her holes. Her body shuddered, she was so close to getting her release when Cane stopped his movement once again. 
"Cane!" Iris screamed in frustration and she could hear how he chuckled. 
However, Cane finally gave in, since Iris looked like she was going to really get angry with him, her small face scrunched in annoyance, as she clenched her jaw. 
Cane drove himself into her, but he didn’t pound her hard like he did last night, instead, his movements were very slow, as if he was savoring every second of it. 
"Faster please... faster Cane..." 
"No," Cane said, as he held her body from behind and rested his face on her shoulder, whispering into her ear. "I want to make love to you, Iris." 
And that was what he did, every thrust came so painfully slow, but it was worth it, because once Iris came undone, her whole body couldn’t stop shuddering for a whole five minutes, she felt like she wetted herself, as warm liquid dripped to her thighs. 
Iris felt like her body had shattered and she became so tired, but Cane was not yet done with her. 
Once her body had calmed down, Cane thrusted into her harder and faster, the sound of it echoed in this room. 
It didn’t take long before her body reacted to it and Iris found herself becoming so tense again, as she got her second climax, still... Cane was not yet done with her.
###Chapter 578: STAY AWAY FROM THIS
Chapter 578: STAY AWAY FROM THIS
"What have you done to her?" Aliana widened her eyes when she saw Cane carrying Iris in his arms, as he headed toward the carriage. They were going to leave for the Diandem pack now. 
It was afternoon, so they would probably reach there the next day.
Because of the additional warriors from the Bloody Wolf pack, their entourage looked so massive, it would be a stupid thing to do for the Silver Warriors to launch the same attack like a few days before, especially after they lost so many men during that event. 
"Why does she look so lethargic? Is she still sleeping, or did she pass out?" Aliana couldn’t stop her questions, while the other seven warriors tried to listen to what kind of reply their alpha would give her. 
They heard what happened last night and wondered what kind of punishment their alpha would give to those seven warriors for failing their duty and letting an intruder sneak into the bedroom. 
Thankfully, the Alpha woke up at the right time and killed him. Unfortunately, the intruder died right away without them being able to interrogate him. But they were very certain that the intruder was part of the Silver Warriors, since it was only them who knew about the pack house very well. 
Ignoring Aliana’s questions, Cane entered the carriage with Iris still sleeping in his arms and put her down on the bed before he closed the door and instructed them to start right away. 
"Nice try," Ethan said with a snicker, as he approached Aliana, who was still standing next to the Alpha’s carriage. "Do you really think Cane will answer your questions?" 
"Oh, shut up!" Aliana growled, while the Gamma laughed at her annoyed expression. 
"Nah, you don’t need to ask the Alpha about what had happened, you should have known what had happened until Iris was so lethargic like that." Ethan shrugged his shoulders. 
Aliana stopped walking away suddenly and Ethan would have bumped into her if he didn’t stop in time. She turned around abruptly and their faces were so close, which left the Gamma startled who immediately took a step back. 
"Wh- what?!" Ethan shrieked. "I almost bumped into you, walk properly!" 
Yet, Aliana couldn’t care less about it, as she leaned her body to speak in a quiet tone. "Do you think the Luna will be fine?" 
Aliana remembered how Aria used to say it was so hard to please the Alpha, because he could last really long, one could die if they didn’t have the stamina and the strength to endure it. 
That was how Aria gloated that she was the only person who could help the Alpha reach his climax, that was why she was the only woman in his life, therefore, it was understandable she got really upset when Iris was the one, who managed to get the position of the Luna of the pack. The very position Aria thought she had within her grasp. 
People in the pack used to see her as one too. After all, the Alpha had never been with any other woman aside from Aria after they managed to free themselves from the slavery. 
As such, Aliana was a little bit worried, since she knew Iris was not up to the challenge. She was a runt and used to get sick pretty often from what she heard. 
"Don’t worry, she will be fine later, or else, do you think she will still be alive now? After all these months of them sleeping in the same room in the palace?" 
"They have slept together since then?" Aliana was a little bit surprised. she thought their relationship had not actually developed that early. She still remembered when they left for the capital because the King summoned Ethan to punish him for attacking Prince Alan. 
"Of course! What do you think they were doing when they were alone in the bedroom? Playing cards? Of course, they played with each other!" Ethan looked so smug, as if he was the only person who knew everything about the relationship between the Alpha and the Luna. 
Aliana walked toward her carriage, while Ethan walked with her. They were ready to leave, but the two of them were still engaged in an interesting conversation. 
"But, why... you know, the Luna is not yet with a child?" Aliana lowered her voice, because she didn’t want anyone to hear this, since it would create another trouble for Iris. The rumor about her being infertile was already on everyone’s lips back then when they were still in the pack house. They believed, because she was a runt, her womb must be defected as well. 
Due to this reason as well, Maria and Kaz supported Sofia so much. 
On the other hand, Ethan grimaced when he heard this, because Aliana was still clueless, Cane was the one, who was with the problem that Iris had not yet had a child. 
"But, the Alpha only has been with Sofia one time and she got pregnant immediately." 
"Well, I don’t know... I was not there when they did it, right? How would I know? Maybe the Alpha used different methods when he was with the Luna and that woman." 
Aliana frowned and Ethan became a little bit uncomfortable under her sharp gaze. 
"That’s the most ridiculous excuse I have ever heard..." Aliana narrowed her eyes, she knew this man so much to tell he was hiding something. "Ethan? You know something that you are not telling me, right?" 
"I- I need to go..." 
Ethan would spill the beans, if he stayed a little bit longer, but Aliana grabbed his hoodie, which prevented him from leaving. 
"So? What is it?" 
"The Alpha will kill me if I let you know this secret," Ethan said in a whispery tone, as if Cane, who was inside his carriage in the distance, would be able to hear him. 
"I will tell the Alpha all the secrets you told me, including how you used to curse at him behind his back, whenever he didn’t want to explain things to you." 
Ethan wanted to cry when he heard that. "I thought you liked me..." he wailed. 
Aliana let out a devilish grin, as she beckoned him with her finger. "Now, what is it?" 
Being left with no other choice, in the end, Ethan spilled the beans after he forced her to swear that she would not breathe a word about it. 
Ethan whispered into her ear, but because she was so close, her sweet scent distracted his line of thought and he had to clear his throat and repeat his words a few times before he got the story straight. 
In the end, Aliana was left speechless. "Heavens..." She was so shocked to know the truth about Sofia. 
Ethan only revealed about Sofia, because she was almost due and sooner or later, Aliana and all the people would learn that the baby was not really the Alpha’s. 
However, about the Alpha’s condition, it was something that he couldn’t tell Aliana no matter what, until the Alpha said otherwise... 
=========================== 
"How is it?" Liam asked Abby, who just came out of the nursery room. She looked tired and a little bit pale. 
"I don’t know..." Abby said in a small voice. "I am so useless..." 
"No, don’t say that. Never say something like that..." Liam reprimanded her lightly. 
Abby had been feeling down ever since she found she couldn’t cure the baby. All she could do was to reduce the pain, but not completely cure him. 
The baby was sleeping now after his rash flared up. Today was the third time it happened and Abby felt like a failure when she heard the baby crying out loud because of the pain. Somehow, she could feel how Laluna gave her a judgmental look. 
"I can’t cure the baby... what is the use of me being a Serafim when I can’t do anything?" Abby felt like she wanted to cry and Liam immediately hugged her to give her some comfort. 
Abby sighed deeply and buried her face in his chest, but right at that time, Cedric appeared, he was one of the five Holy Knights that were supposed to be with the Serafim all the time and protect her with their lives. 
Cedric stopped in his tracks when he saw the scene before him. "Serafim, Alpha Colter wanted to talk to you," he said in a stern voice. "He is waiting in his study room." 
Abby was startled, she immediately freed herself from Liam’s arms and then nodded hastily, as she wiped her tears and ran away toward the Alpha’s study room. 
"There is something I want to talk with you about," Cedric said, stopping Liam from leaving. 
"You can talk later, our duty is to protect the Serafim." Liam swatted his hand away from him. 
"Someone else is waiting to escort her there. We need to talk." Cedric didn’t leave any room for negotiation, as he cornered Liam. 
"What do you want to talk about?" Liam didn’t need to ask, he already knew what this knight would tell him. This was not the first time he caught him and Abby together and ever since then, he became suspicious about the relationship between the two of them. 
"You know it is not appropriate for you to be so close with the Serafim." Cedric’s voice was so heavy and filled with warning. "You will be removed if a single word about it gets out." 
Liam stared at Cedric. "If a word about it does get out, I will immediately know who spread it." He gave him a look, indicating it must be because of him, if those people knew about this. 
"Liam!" Cedric raised his voice. 
"Listen, Ced," Liam spoke firmly. "You need to mind your own business and stay away from this."
###Chapter 579: A DAUGHTER LIKE YOU
Chapter 579: A DAUGHTER LIKE YOU
Iris woke up when she felt the carriage move. Her body was so weak, she was not sure how long they had done it and was amazed she could last that long. 
"Sleep again," Cane said, as he pressed her head into his chest, caressing her hair, while he was reading some reports. 
"Are we leaving?" Iris snuggled closer. She felt sad for leaving these people behind, but Cane was determined to not make this pack a part of his territory, since there was nothing that could benefit them in the long run. 
"Yes." Iris glanced at the bright sky out there through the window. She blinked her eyes and felt so sore, but pleased at the same time. 
"Cane." 
"Hm." 
"Did you hear the conversation between me and Lu?" Iris asked carefully, she wanted to know his opinion about the information that Lu told her about Rei. 
she immediately heard a low growl vibrate in his chest, which made Iris curl her body and nuzzle his neck. "I did, but I don’t want to talk about it." He didn’t want to talk about another man when he was having some peaceful time with her. Why would she bring another man up as a topic of discussion? 
"Okay," Iris said softly. She wanted to point out that Cane had this similarity with Lu regarding this matter, but then she knew better than to say it out loud, just in case she would upset him again. 
With that, they slipped into a comfortable silence, but Iris didn’t want to sleep. She still had enough strength to stay awake, which was a great progress for her health, since she used to be sick very often and usually, she would pass out for days if something like last night and this morning happened.
"Cane." 
"Hm." 
"Grace said she is running out of water magic stones, so the concoctions could only last for around two months." Grace had asked her to talk about this with the Alpha, but only now she got the chance. 
"Okay." 
"What are you going to do?" Iris lifted her head, curious. Now that the King was out of the picture, he didn’t need to fulfill the agreement of having a child, but there was no alpha without an heir and it would cause another problem for the pack members someday if Cane didn’t have any child, especially when they didn’t know about his condition. 
The blame would be put on Iris. Because if women couldn’t get pregnant, it must be their fault. The error must be in them. 
More importantly, what did Cane feel about it? He should know what the future looks like. The King had given him a due date to sire an heir, but the real due date came from the pack members. 
"We can ask Lou to give us some of the water magic stones," Iris suggested, but then she fell into a deep contemplation. "But, the Black Market is in Alpha Gallot’s territory and he is currently siding with the royals and now Alan is the King and with the rumor about Lou being one of your people circulating around, I don’t think we can enter the Black Market easily." 
Iris tried to think of a way to get the water magic stones, but she couldn’t, thus the last resort was to ask Cane what was in his mind. He could always surprise her with the brilliant way he could think and Iris loved it the most about him. 
"What do you think, Cane?" Iris asked, she squirmed her body to get into a more comfortable position, while Cane wrapped his arms around her waist protectively. "Do you think we need to sneak into the Black Market like last time? But, Alpha Gallot caught us..." 
For a moment, Cane didn’t say anything, he had put down the reports and gave Iris his full attention, staring at her beautiful blue eyes, they looked so lively and full of curiosity. Her lips were swollen, but Cane didn’t regret it at all. He liked to see traces of himself on her. He liked it when her scent got mixed with his own. He liked how her heart was so full of kindness. 
Even though he didn’t agree with the way she disagreed with him, he liked her boldness, despite it leaving him annoyed and giving him a headache. 
"Cane?" Iris called his name because he kept staring at her without saying anything. Why was he acting like that? Sometimes, Iris really wanted to know what was going on in that pretty head of his. 
She wanted to understand the way his mind worked and how he saw her. What he thought of her... 
"Cane?" 
"Do you really want to have a child?" Cane traced her jawline lightly, his eyes penetrated hers with a deep meaning in his voice. 
Iris knew it was not a simple question. Cane knew his chances of having a child on his own must be close to none, especially when this treatment didn’t work, but what if Iris wanted to have a child? It would be like a dagger that was stabbed in his heart, knowing he couldn’t give her one. 
"I want it only if you are the father," Iris replied. 
She tried to think of a good answer, but then honesty was more than good. She was genuine about what she said and Cane could feel it. 
"If you are not the father, then I don’t want it. It’s enough for me to know that you will always be by my side, that we will always be together." 
"I can always be the father of the child you carried." For a moment, Iris was confused, she didn’t understand what he meant and frowned, until Cane explained it a little clearly. "If you really want to have a child and both of us know it’s impossible for me, you can have it in another way." 
Iris freaked out when she heard that. She widened her eyes in shock. "You want to share me with someone else?" Iris looked so hurt. "I don’t want to have another man’s baby, if I can’t have it with you, then I don’t want it." 
How could Cane say something like that? He got very angry when she touched his body and gave him pleasure when it was not him in control. He made her promise him to go back to him, if Rei managed to take her away. She could even still feel his touch and how her body wanted him, but why was he talking about her getting pregnant with someone else? 
Iris felt so hurt, as tears started to fall from her beautiful eyes. 
Cane took a deep breath and wiped it. "It’s a pity, I really want to see a daughter that looks like you." 
"No, I don’t want her if she doesn’t resemble you at all!" Iris gritted her teeth and swatted his hand away from her face, feeling upset. 
Cane pulled her closer and Iris struggled a bit, trying to push him away, but after a few kisses on her head, she didn’t move again. 
"Are you really going to... share me with someone else?" Iris dreaded the answer, it was hard to predict the way Cane was thinking, but if he thought it was the only way, he would follow through with that. 
"No, Iris. I was just talking nonsense." Cane was upset, because he felt like he was less than a man when he couldn’t give an heir, but the thought of Iris being with someone else dreaded him. Maybe before they could do anything, he would chop off their hands if they touched what belonged to him. "I am sorry." 
Iris sighed in relief, at the very least, she trusted his words. 
Silence befell upon them again, as their carriage moved at a steady pace and occasionally, Iris could see Lil Thing, running around between the warriors and beasts. It seemed the creature was too bored to stay in its cage. Its fur started to regrow as well. 
"Do you want a daughter? I thought an alpha like you would favor a son." Iris broke the silence. 
"A son, a daughter, they are all the same. If I have any, I want to raise them in a better environment. But, it will be lovely, if we have a daughter who resembles you." 
"Beautiful and kind?" Iris teased him, she didn’t think she was beautiful, because she grew up hearing the opposite, but she believed what Cane said, if he told her she was beautiful then she was beautiful. 
Cane smiled gently when Iris lifted her head to look at him with a grin. She could flip her mood so easily. 
"Yes. So, the world will know why I fell for you." 
Cane leaned over and captured her lips as he nibbled on them lightly and caressed her neck. He was being careful now, because her lips were already very swollen. 
On the other hand, even though Iris still felt so sore, she didn’t mind doing it again. Her heart felt so warm, yet there was this sadness that lingered between them, the atmosphere felt somber, knowing this conversation probably would never come true. 
However, they were startled when the carriage stopped and someone knocked on the door of the carriage. 
"Alpha, you need to come out for a moment, you need to see this," Ethan called him to go out, from the sound of his voice, it was something that was very urgent, but he was a little bit flustered and confused. 
Cane groaned, he licked Iris’ lips and neck before he went out to see what was going on.
###Chapter 580: RANDOM THINGS
Chapter 580: RANDOM THINGS
Iris was curious about what was going on out there and why they suddenly stopped. 
"I want to come too." Her curiosity led her to follow Cane out of the carriage. At first, the Alpha looked like he wanted to tell her to stay inside, but somehow, he ended up not saying anything and instead helped her to get down from the carriage, holding her hand to help her keep up with himself and Ethan. 
"What is it?" Cane asked, his voice was a little bit dark when he spoke and this made Ethan grimace lightly. He knew he had interrupted something fun inside. 
"A warrior found that a young wolf had been following us. It seems he is a member of the Silver River pack." 
Cane frowned. He gave Ethan a look and stopped walking. "And you stopped the entourage and called me out for this?" 
Ethan gave him a guilty look. "The problem is... this young wolf doesn’t want to go back and now he is fighting our warriors to keep following us." 
"Is he dead?" 
"Cane!" Iris was startled with the question. 
Of course, if the young wolf fought the other warriors, he wouldn’t stand a chance to survive, unless this young wolf was very strong and special. But, the way Cane phrased his question, sounded so wrong, probably because he was a little bit annoyed. This was something that didn’t need his assistance. 
"You don’t think our warriors will fight him seriously, right?" Ethan then glanced at Iris. He felt a little bit awkward to see how swollen her lips were and how her body reeked with the Alpha’s scent. Didn’t she realize that? But, knowing Iris didn’t have the same sharp senses as the other shifters, he deemed her to be clueless, which left the Alpha as the culprit for not telling her about it. "Actually, this young wolf wanted to see you, Iris." 
"Me?" Iris frowned. "Is it Nolu?" But then, Ethan said it was a young wolf, while Nolu was only a little child. 
"No." Ethan shook his head and the three of them continued walking. "One of our warriors caught him following us and we assumed he must be from the Silver River pack. He told us that he wanted to see you, Iris, but he turned aggressive once our warriors told him to go away." 
"Who is it?" Iris mumbled, she was having difficulty keeping up her pace with Cane and Ethan, as she still felt very sore, so if one took a closer look, they could see how weird the way she strode beside her mate was. 
This didn’t go unnoticed by Cane, but somehow, he let her do as she pleased. After all, she should know her limits. 
It didn’t take long before they could hear a vicious growl that came from the young wolf, as this ash brown colored wolf threw a dagger look at all the warriors that surrounded him. 
They were amazed to see how this young one didn’t want to back down, even though he must have known by now that he wouldn’t stand a chance to fight them all. 
"Shift!" Cane roared, his command was directed at the young wolf. 
Not being able to resist the Alpha’s order, the ash brown wolf shifted into his human’s form and only then could Iris recognize this young boy. 
He was the same boy that she had saved from the ruins, no, actually it was not her, who had saved him, but his younger sister, who had told her where he was. 
This young boy looked so skinny, he was probably just around the age of ten or twelve. His face was so dirty and he was wearing those rug like clothes. Just by looking at it, Iris knew how uncomfortable it was. 
However, despite his appearance, his eyes were filled with determination, they shone brightly without any traces of fear. This young boy even dared to look the Alpha straight in the eyes, something that intrigued Cane. Not many people had the guts, especially when someone was this young. 
This young boy had these beautiful gray colored eyes, the same color as his fur in his beast form. 
"Explain yourself," Cane said. His tone was neither cold nor demanding, but it sounded firm. 
The young boy shifted his attention to Iris and spoke clearly. "I am here to pledge my loyalty to the Luna," he said without any hesitation. 
"What?" Ethan was shocked, he didn’t expect this. The other warriors were also frowning with the declaration. Why would this young wolf want to pledge his loyalty to the Luna, instead of the Alpha? It was the Alpha, who owned the territory. He held the real power in the southern continent, but he chose to be loyal to the Luna? Even going as far as following their entourage for half a day? 
On the other hand, Iris was also surprised by his sudden declaration. She blinked her eyes and then frowned. "You want to pledge your loyalty to me?" 
Redmond pledged his loyalty to her because he disliked Cane and didn’t want to end up being one of his underlings, even though, poor him, he ended up the same, since Iris would agree with everything Cane decided. 
Meanwhile, the seven warriors were given to Iris because Cane wanted her to stay protected, albeit she was close with Eron and Dyne, as there was still this awkward tension between her and the rest of the five warriors. 
In conclusion, none of them had ever pledged to her because they really wanted to. It was the circumstances that forced them to accept Iris. 
It was understandable that Iris was shocked, but also touched with the gesture. 
"Yes, Luna Iris, I want to pledge my loyalty to you," he said firmly, he didn’t look like a twelve years old boy. The way he spoke was very mature. "I will give my life to protect you." 
"You?" Kian sneered. "What can a skinny boy like you do? I am not sure if you can even take down a goblin." 
Kian’s comment was followed by chuckles from some warriors around them. 
Iris frowned, she looked around and watched how they looked down on this dirty young boy, who could offer nothing, but talked so confidently. 
However, he didn’t budge, he didn’t care about the voices around him, as his gray eyes stayed fixed on Iris, waiting for her to say something upon his request. 
"And it is shameful of you, warrior, to bully a young one, just because you can," Iris spoke. She didn’t raise her voice, but with the way they were blessed with extraordinary senses, everyone there could hear what she said and immediately the chuckles died down. 
Instead, it was Ethan, who was laughing without any scrupulousness, while Aliana, Eron and Dyne grinned beside him. Cane also didn’t say anything and only caressed her head. 
"You can’t," Cane said, this word was directed toward Zale. 
"Why?" Iris whipped her head around to look at Cane. She had not yet decided whether or not she would accept Zale, but maybe deep down, she had known the answer that she wanted him. 
"You are from the Silver River pack?" 
"Yes." The boy nodded, shifting his attention toward Cane. 
"We can’t bring just anyone from that pack with us." This was the same reason why they couldn’t bring the members of the Silver River pack with them, even though they were willing to pledge their loyalty to him. 
However, Zale had come so far, he didn’t want to back down yet. 
Instead of asking ’why’, for he knew the reason behind the Alpha’s rejection, he took off his rug like clothes and showed his bony body and his dry skin, but there were no rashes there. He didn’t have such a condition. 
"I am clean!" He said loudly. It was such an irony, because he was anything but clean. Yet, they knew what he meant by that. 
"Boy, you are too weak to even protect yourself, what are you going to do if the Luna is in danger? What if there is a monster that’s going to attack the Luna and you can’t do anything to fight it off?" Asher asked, dissatisfied. 
"I will throw myself at the monster and give the Luna enough time to run away," Zale said confidently, as if he didn’t think his answer thoroughly. 
"Well, I like that..." Ethan contemplated, he touched his chin. "Maybe we can use him as bait when we are going to lure monsters." 
Aliana slapped his back for that comment. 
On the other hand, Cane glanced at his mate, she didn’t realize it but she held his hand so tightly, anxious for his decision. She promised him that she wouldn’t to him in front of his people again, but maybe she would do it, if he turned this boy away. 
"Ask Grace to check on him, if he is as clean as he declared, he can stay, if not, one of the warriors will escort him back to his pack. No more discussion." 
Cane took Iris’ hand and walked away. 
This was not the result they expected, but for Iris, there was a hope the boy would come with them. If she couldn’t help the whole pack, at the very least, she could help this one boy. 
"Thank you, Cane." Iris squeezed his hand, as they walked back to their carriage. 
"Don’t thank me yet, there is a chance the boy can’t come with us." Cane helped Iris to get onto the carriage and caught a glimpse of Lil Thing, who was rolling on the ground foolishly, seemingly taking this short break to return to its lazy self. 
At first, it was Lil Thing and now this young wolf. Cane seemed annoyed to realize there were so many random things following his mate.
###Chapter 581: DIANDEM PACK
Chapter 581: DIANDEM PACK
It didn’t take long for Grace to examine Zale and report it to the Alpha. 
"He is clean, Alpha," the healer told the Alpha after a thorough examination. 
Cane was standing next to the carriage, while Iris stared at him through the window, listening to their conversation. He had his back to her, but he could imagine how her blue eyes lit up with happiness upon hearing what Grace informed him. 
After all, it meant Zale was allowed to come with them. It was not that Iris wanted someone to pledge their loyalty to her, but it felt nice to think she could help even one person from that pack. It eased her guilt a lot. 
"He is fine, but he is underfed, we need to concentrate more on nourishing his health back first." Grace then glanced at Iris. "He is not willing to tell me his name, until he meets with you, Luna." 
"That young boy has guts," Cane commented. It was hard to tell, whether it pissed him off or he simply praised him in a weird way. 
"Zale! His name is Zale," Iris said. "I will go see him..." 
"We will leave now, we have been delayed for long enough already, we need to reach the Diandem pack by tomorrow," Cane cut her off and turned around. 
Iris grimaced and smiled at Grace. "Could you please tell him I will see him later?" 
"Sure, Luna." 
But, before Cane could get into the carriage, he was stopped by someone else and it was Ethan. 
"I have not yet received any update on Oliver’s arrival from the Riverside pack, they said, he is not yet there." Ethan frowned. Because Oliver moved alone, he should have arrived by now, since he could move faster in his beast form. 
"Let’s wait for one more day," Cane said lightly, his callous expression didn’t give away anything. 
"Oh, right... I think I am just a little bit worried," Ethan mumbled. They did not part on good terms and the last time he saw Oliver was when he left him to talk alone with the Alpha. And right after that, Cane sent him to overlook the construction of the tunnel in the Riverside pack. So, it had been weighing on his mind. 
Cane said nothing and entered the carriage to find Iris smiling at him, which eased his heart a little bit. She didn’t look upset with the way he turned her down earlier. They had been delayed for so long just for that young boy. so, his reason that she couldn’t meet the boy yet was true, but only partly. 
"How do you know his name is Zale?" Cane asked Iris. 
She pinned him with that foolish grin of hers. 
"Remember when I said there was a young boy under the ruins and his sister was looking for help to get her brother out?" 
"He is that boy?" 
"Yes, his sister told me his name." That spirit girl called him a few times when she looked around to find the right spot, where they were buried. "What?" Iris was a little bit flustered with the way Cane stared at her intensely. 
"Nothing." Cane shook his head and pulled her closer, hugging her as if it was his favorite thing to do whenever he was being idle. 
With that, they continued their journey, which took one more day and night to reach the Diandem pack. 
The two of them tangled in another passionate night once the night became so quiet and only half of them were awake. 
Meanwhile, the young boy was sleeping on the cold ground, curling his small and skinny body, without complaining, because some warriors didn’t care about him and those who did care, didn’t pay close attention to him.
Only after a while did a certain white fur ball drop its ass close to him and lie down by his side, giving him warmth. 
In the morning, Zale was shocked to see Lil Thing so close to himself. He had seen this creature when he was being taken care of by the healer after the attack that took away the only family he had. But then realized this creature was the reason why he didn’t feel cold when he was sleeping, in return, he cleaned up Lil Thing’s fur from dirt and leaves, while waiting for the chance he could meet with the Luna again. 
It was afternoon when they finally arrived at the Diandem pack. 
This pack was rather lively and their entourage was greeted by a few people on the streets. Most of them were women, donned in beautiful dresses. 
Along the streets, these people would wave their hands and smile brightly at them. It was quite a contrast to what they had seen in the Silver River pack. 
"They look happy to greet us," Iris said lazily, as she stared outside through the window of the carriage, while lying down on Cane’s chest. 
"Of course, it means there will be more income in their pockets." 
Iris lifted her head. "What do you mean? Are they merchants?" 
"Merchants and prostitutes. That’s the pack’s main income." 
"It’s not written in any book I have read," Iris protested. She blinked her eyes, now she doubted everything she had read. 
"What is written in the book?" Cane played with her hair, while outside a lot of women threw coquettish smiles at the warriors, trying to get their attention, while staring at the best carriage, hoping they could get a glimpse of the Alpha. 
Iris tried to remember what she had read. "They do trade." 
"What kind of commodities?" 
"Animal fur, skin, bones and taming a few monsters to be sent to the Karam continent." Iris recalled what the book said. "People in the Karam continent will use the monsters for attraction, since there are no monsters in the Karam continent." 
"That’s right, but the Diandem pack also has been sending women and little girls to work as prostitutes there, because women from the Diandem pack are relatively more beautiful than women from the other packs. Almost all the women work as prostitutes here, and when they have a daughter, they will also be taught the same thing." 
Iris widened her eyes, horror filled her whole being. This was completely darker than what she read in the book. "I read the women in this pack are famous for their beauty, but why are the other things not written in the book?" 
"The same reason why the unique condition of the members of the Silver River pack is not written in the books. Alpha Adrian wants his pack to look ’nice and noble’." 
Nice and noble? Did they even understand what those words meant? 
Iris fell into a deep silence. "Is that quality potential enough for you to take over this pack?" She remembered Ethan telling them how the Silver River pack and the Diandem packs were the least profitable packs, but when they were finally here, Iris didn’t think that was the case. 
It was true with the Silver River pack, but the Diandem pack seemingly could give a lot of benefit for them, even though Iris didn’t really like how things worked here. 
"They have been practicing this kind of work for as long as they can remember and every alpha will continue it to the next generation, so their way of lifestyle has been rooted too deep to be changed. They will survive even if I don’t take over the pack." 
Cane didn’t like to get involved with those kinds of things, while the Karam people were not so easy to be pleased if there was a change in their deals, Lou was the example. 
"And then? What is your decision?" Iris was curious, she couldn’t help but ask a lot. 
Cane smiled and kissed the tip of her nose. "What do you think I should do? Can you give me some ideas?" 
"Are you teasing me?" Iris narrowed her eyes. Why would someone like Cane need her ideas? "You know that I am not as smart as you." 
"You are smart, Iris. You see things differently from me and I need that. My plan is not flawless. I need to see things from a different perspective too." 
"Why did you never ask for Ethan’s opinion and ideas?" 
"Because he will talk whatever is in his mind without me asking for it. I will know his opinions and ideas right away after he gave me the report." 
Knowing Ethan’s personality, that was very true. The gamma couldn’t hold back his tongue at all, and would readily express his feelings and what was in his mind always. 
Iris chuckled and Cane pinched her chin so she could look at him. "What are you laughing about?" 
"Ethan will cry if he heard this." Iris giggled, he had been complaining because Cane talked about his plan with her more thoroughly than with him, he became like a jealous child. 
"It seems you know my gamma very well." 
"Are you jealous?" Iris teased him, she didn’t really think through the question, since Cane had been acting very jealous with Lu even though it was his own body that Iris touched. 
"Jealous?" Cane raised his brows, amusement danced in his dark eyes. "Jealousy is a feeling when you don’t own something. You are mine, Iris, remember that." 
Iris was stunned when she heard what he said. She would never have imagined there would come a day where Cane would say something like this. Not with malicious intention, but he really meant it. 
Blushing, Iris cleared her throat and stared out the window, as she rested her head against his chest. The situation out there was so lively, she could hear the women giggling and inviting the warriors to drink at their places. 
If Redmond had come with them, this would have been heaven for him, since he always complained there was no brothel in the Howling Wolf pack. 
Weirdly enough, Iris missed his nagging.
###Chapter 582: IRIS WAS FURIOUS
Chapter 582: IRIS WAS FURIOUS
The beta and gamma of the Diandem pack greeted Iris and Cane. The two of them personally escorted the alpha and luna to their bedroom, but it was not Alpha Adrian’s bedroom, since Cane didn’t want to sleep in his bed, knowing what kind of things had happened on that bed. 
This room was not too big, but not small either, it was comfortable enough for the two of them. 
"I hope you enjoy your stay here, Alpha Cane." Argean, the gamma of the pack said. He looked solemn, it was hard to tell what he was thinking to have the exact person, who had killed his alpha, stay in the pack house. 
Grory, the beta had the same expression as well. Neither of them showed much emotion, which did not allow them to lower their guard either. 
"You must be tired, I will ask someone to prepare you meals and the bath." Grory nodded at Cane and Iris. Neither of them looked like they were harboring any grudges. But most of the time, you should not believe what you see, because looks could deceive you, especially in a situation like this. 
"You can prepare that for the luna, we need to talk," Cane said, he didn’t waste his time anymore, since they had delayed their arrival for three days because of the last attack by the Silver Warriors. 
Argean and Grory looked at each other and then nodded. 
"Over here, please," Grory said respectfully, but Iris felt a little bit uncomfortable with the way they acted. 
"Take a rest," Cane said to Iris, as he lowered his head to press a soft kiss on her forehead. 
Seeing this scene, a weird glint crossed their eyes, which didn’t go unnoticed by Iris, since Cane had his back against them when he kissed his mate. 
However, Iris couldn’t tell what was that and was not able to judge whether it was only her seeing things or it was really them staring at Cane’s affectionate gesture in a weird way. 
"Okay," Iris replied. 
She watched Cane walk out of the bedroom and soon after, Aliana entered her room. She would always be by her side whenever Cane was absent. 
This must be one of the benefits only she could offer and no other warrior could, since she was a woman. That was why Cane accepted her as one of Iris’ personal warriors. 
"Aliana, do you know where they put Zale?" Iris had promised to go look for him the moment she got the chance. 
"I thought the alpha told you to take a rest?" Aliana gave her a mischievous look, because the luna was being a little bit bratty for originally agreeing to stay, but once the alpha left, she was about to do the opposite. 
"I will rest..." Iris said timidly and then added. "...later." 
Aliana laughed. She liked it when Iris did not always listen to the alpha and knew what she wanted to do. 
"Okay, but who is this Zale?" She had never heard that name before, she was sure it was not one of the Howling Wolf pack warriors. Maybe it was a Bloody Wolf warrior, who came with them? But, how did Iris know them? 
"The young boy, who followed us from the Silver River pack." 
"Oh!" Aliana knew the boy, but not his name. "I don’t know where he is exactly, the other warriors must be taking care of him, but I can ask around." 
"I will come with you." 
Iris and Aliana walked out of the bedroom, where the seven warriors were waiting for them, Eron and Dyne greeted her happily as usual and the other five still had reservations with her. Iris couldn’t care less about that. 
Aliana then ordered those very five warriors to find out where Zale was, while Iris wanted to see Haco and Joel first. The last time she met the young warrior, he was already able to stand up and this made her so happy. 
Joel even knelt down in front of her to thank her, while Haco’s condition was getting worse. During most of Iris’ visits to learn magic from him, he would end up telling her stories about his life in the Holy Kingdom. It was nothing important, only trivial things like what he had done on a daily basis. 
Sadly, because of that, her power didn’t improve and she only learned basic magic and theoretical knowledge. 
"Joel, do you have any clothes to be spared?" Iris asked Joel when she checked on his condition and saw he was already able to walk a short distance. Her heart felt at ease to know she could be of help for people around her. 
"Yes, I have a few clothes to be spared, why do you need them luna? If I might know." Joel was standing in front of Iris and then walked to get some of his clothes, even before Iris gave him the answer. 
He didn’t need the answer though, anything the luna wanted, she could take it. He would give her everything if she asked. 
Iris then told him about Zale and how those rug like clothes must be very uncomfortable, so she wanted to give him something to wear when she met him and because Joel was the youngest among the other warriors, his clothes must not be as big as them on Zale. 
"Here, Luna," Joel said, he took out two pairs of clothes from his bag and these were the best clothes he had. 
"Thank you, don’t worry, I will buy you new ones, if I have a chance to walk in the market," Iris said, feeling grateful. 
"You don’t need to do that, Luna. You will only waste your time," Joel said, scratching his head and then sat down, as he started to feel uncomfortable from standing for too long. The healer had been reminding him over and over again not to overuse his legs, or else, all the effort would go down the drain. 
"Don’t ever think that way..." Iris replied gently. 
After that, Aliana got a word from Kian about where Zale was and they went there to see the little boy, only Iris heard something that she didn’t like. No, she didn’t hear it, she read their conversation from afar by reading their lips. 
"The boy doesn’t speak at all and just plays with the silly bear, I think he is as dumb as that furball." 
"Agree. I don’t think he will survive for another day in this condition. No one wants to share a room with him. Just in case the healer missed something, and he spreads his disease to us." 
"I can’t understand why the alpha is taking him in, he should have sent him away." 
"It must be because of the luna. The alpha is not usually soft hearted like this. But, because of the luna, he seemed to have become a little fickle." 
"Yes. I am sure the reason why we stayed for more days in the Silver River pack is because the luna was throwing a temper tantrum." 
"Someone like her shouldn’t be the luna." 
"I still can’t believe the alpha took Gerald’s daughter as his mate." 
"It’s because at that time, the king wanted the alpha to hand over the Blue Moon pack." 
And the conversation went on about similar things. Now, Iris learned that these warrior’s dissatisfaction toward her had affected their way of viewing Cane. They started to question his orders because they thought Iris was influencing the alpha’s decision. 
"I can’t understand why the alpha likes her when she can’t even carry his child and abandon the one who does." 
They were talking about Sofia now. 
"There is this rumor among the warriors that the luna is actually able to do magic. Can you believe that? She is a runt, a shifter, who couldn’t shift into her beast, but now she can do magic." 
"Do you think she did something to the alpha with her magic?" 
"I am not sure, but Oliver has mentioned about the luna being a magic user and she can see the spirits of the dead people. Oliver said she brought bad luck for the alpha and in extent to the pack also." 
"What did Oliver mean by that?" 
"I am not sure, he only said something so vaguely, but he looked so angry every time he talked about the luna and he believed she brought bad luck." 
"Oh, have you forgotten what happened when she managed to save that weird young boy? People said, she saw the spirit of his little sister that had died during that time and that spirit was the one who guided her to find the spot where the boy was buried." 
"Oh, right!" 
"Don’t you think that was a sign of bad luck? I mean... being able to see dead people is not a common thing." 
"Yeah..." 
Iris read their lips, they were quite a distance away, but she was able to see their lips and she knew about their conversation. She couldn’t accept this. They had talked a lot of nonsense about her and now they were dragging Cane’s name through the mud as well. 
"Luna, are you okay?" Eron asked, he came closer to Iris because she suddenly stopped walking and stared angrily at the two warriors in the distance. 
Aliana swatted Eron’s shoulder and shook her head, which made Eron and Dyne frown at her. 
"What are they talking about until the luna looks so angry?" Dyne asked in a low voice, but neither of the two knew as well, since they were out of their earshot.
Iris closed her eyes, she was used to suppressing her emotions and avoiding trouble, she didn’t want to make things difficult and if she could, she wanted to ignore their comments.
###Chapter 583: I CAN BE YOUR BAD LUCK
Chapter 583: I CAN BE YOUR BAD LUCK
But, the problem was; she couldn’t hold back her bitterness and anger. How dare they question Cane’s decision and even call her a bad luck bringer? 
And more so, from what she learned from their conversation, they treated Zale poorly. It rubbed her in the wrong way, since they also saw her as an outsider. Even after all this time, even after all she had done. 
Furious, Iris marched toward them. 
"What now?" Eron looked at Aliana, so did Dyne, as if asking what she was going to do. Should they stop the luna? Seeing her seething like this didn’t sit well with them. 
Iris was the type who would be very quiet when she was angry. She would avoid any confrontation and if she could, she wouldn’t want to engage with people, who had caused her to be angry. 
But right now, it was different. She was doing the opposite and they became curious to know what those warriors said, until it flipped her off. 
"Let’s watch!" Aliana said excitedly, as she followed behind Iris. 
"Why do you look so happy?" Dyne frowned at Aliana. "Shouldn’t we stop the luna? I don’t know what drew her anger, but it will not look good on her if she lashes out on them." 
"Why not?" This time, it was Aliana, who was frowning at Dyne. "From what I learned, she has been patient enough about all the bad rumors surrounding her and how people kept badmouthing her, whatever she is going to do, they will dislike her anyway." Aliana shrugged her shoulders. "So, what is the point of being nice?" 
"Aliana!" Dyne was shocked by how nonchalant Aliana was with her answer, while Eron didn’t say anything. He was simply curious about what the luna was going to do and how she would deal with them. 
At the same time, Iris walked ahead of them, which made her miss their conversation, but even if she was within an earshot, her mind was too busy to listen to their argumentation. 
The two warriors finally stopped talking when they saw Iris approaching them, they gave her a solemn nod and were about to leave, thinking this was only a mere encounter, but when they walked past her, she spoke in an even tone. 
"So, the alpha is a fickle person and I am a bad luck bringer?" Iris said coldly, which startled the two of them. They stopped walking and turned their heads to look at her. "Is that how you see your alpha and me?" 
Iris was still averse from thinking this pack belonged to her, or they were her people too, thus even though she referred to Cane by his title, she didn’t use it for herself. 
"That’s how you perceive the alpha’s decision? As a fickle person?" 
The two warriors gasped and their expressions hardened. They didn’t think their conversation would be heard by her. How did she know about their conversation? She was a distance away earlier! 
"Lu- luna, I don’t understand what you mean..." One of the warriors, who was taller than the other, spoke, stumbling on his words, because he felt very embarrassed. 
"You know what I meant, warrior." Iris cast him a cold gaze and they could feel shivers run down their spines. They had never seen the luna look so fierce like this. 
She didn’t raise her voice, she didn’t insult them either, but her calmness reminded them of their alpha and how they feared this side of their alpha the most. Whenever he suppressed his anger and appeared so calm, it was not a good sign and that was how they felt about their luna now. 
"Questioning the alpha’s decision is an early step of betrayal, don’t you agree with your own rules?" Iris read a lot of things and she happened to read the Howling Wolf warrior’s oath when they stepped up to their role as a full-fledged warrior of the pack. 
Usually, the oath would be taken once they finished with their training and Joel had taken it when Iris and Cane were away in the capital city, with the beta as the witness. Joel took the oath along with all of his friends that died during the attack. 
"Luna, I don’t understand what you mean..." The other warrior looked like he was going to play dumb, but Iris was having none of it, as she recalled what they said earlier and the more she talked, the paler their expressions turned, especially when Aliana, Eron and Dyne listened to all of it. 
So, that was what pissed the luna off. 
"I can’t believe you two have such a vile way of thinking!" Dyne snarled at the two of them. He could understand why the luna was furious, because he did too. 
"What? Am I wrong?!" The taller warrior snapped back. They had been exposed, so what else was there to be denied? They didn’t like the luna and that was true, there was nothing to be talked about. "We were only talking about what we felt, it is not something that you should eavesdrop on." 
"You went out of line!" Aliana growled at them and it seemed they listened to her more than their luna, as they shut their mouths out of respect for the beta’s younger sister. "Luna, let’s go, it’s only a waste of time to be here." 
Seeing Iris couldn’t fight them back, Aliana took the initiative to get her away. Maybe she needed more time and was not yet ready to confront them. 
Yet, Iris didn’t budge, she stared at the two warriors in front of her and saw their wolf spirits. She was tempted to squeeze them to death like she did when they were attacked by the Silver Warriors. The feeling of killing your enemy was not as terrible as she thought. 
At first, she did it to Mason and all she felt was relief, there was not any guilty feeling she felt afterward, somehow, she felt powerful to be able to protect herself and do harm to people, who hurt her. She felt great and confident. 
Was this a small taste of power? It felt so addictive. No wonder, so many people would do everything to gain more and more power, even when they were already powerful enough. 
And now Iris got a taste of it too. 
How easy it would be for her to end their lives right there and then. They wouldn’t have time to scream for help, even if they had, no one would be able to help them. 
Iris shook her head internally when the thought of killing these two plagued her mind. 
"Hate me all you like, but if you betray the alpha, you can see how I can be your bad luck," Iris finally spoke. 
"We will never betray the alpha!" The taller warrior growled dangerously at Iris. 
In the past, she would curl herself in fear whenever someone directed their anger at her and she would immediately apologize for anything or everything she had done wrong, especially when they looked so dangerous like the warrior before her. 
But not now. She was more than capable of protecting herself and ending their lives. She was not in danger, but it was the other way around. 
Eron and Dyne were about to step forward out of instinct to protect their luna, because they could sense danger coming from their fellow warrior. 
"It’s so rich coming from the very people who question their alpha’s decision," Iris said in a mocking tone, as she gave them a derisive look, which pissed the taller warrior even more. 
Everything happened so fast when that warrior jumped toward Iris, his friend tried to stop him, but he was a tad bit late, while Eron and Dyne managed to bring him to the ground and held him there so he wouldn’t be able to move to hurt the luna. 
"Aliana! Bring the luna out of here!" Eron shouted at Aliana, who was already by Iris’ side, but Iris swatted her hand away when she was about to drag her to a safe place. 
"Arrghh! Arrgghh!" The taller warrior screamed at the top of his lungs, while his friend couldn’t do anything but stare at the whole situation with wide eyes. Things escalated too fast and he didn’t know what to do. 
He knew they were at fault for talking behind the alpha and luna, and this guilty feeling prevented him from backing his friend when he got involved in the altercation. 
"Arrgghhh!!" The taller warrior wailed even more. 
"Oh! Shut up!" Dyne was annoyed because he kept screaming like a child throwing a tantrum. "Why does he keep screaming!?" 
"Let him go," Iris said to Dyne and Eron. 
"But, luna..." they were about to protest. 
"Let him go." Iris simply repeated her words, while the warrior was still struggling and screaming. 
Once Dyne and Eron moved away from him, they could see how their fellow warrior curled his body on the ground, as his whole body tensed up, as if he was going through a great agony. 
"What happened to him?" Eron frowned. He was sure neither of them hurt him, they only held him down. "Luna, you can’t come closer to him!" 
Eron grabbed Iris’ elbow to prevent her from getting closer to the warrior. 
Iris didn’t fight him, she stared at the warrior and soon after the pain subsided, leaving him panting so hard, she spoke with the same tone like earlier. "I told you, I can be your bad luck. Do you really think you are so great to be able to defeat so many Silver Warriors days ago?" Iris’ blue eyes darkened, so did the five swords.
###Chapter 584: THE BIRTH OF THE DARK SOUL
Chapter 584: THE BIRTH OF THE DARK SOUL
Aria was having difficulty giving birth to whatever monster that was inside her stomach. She kept screaming for Dexter to end her suffering and take out the monster from inside her body. 
"Take it out! Take it out! Take it out!" Aria screamed at the top of her lungs. Her water broke and she was ready to give birth, but the baby didn’t want to come out. Instead, she felt like her organs were being chewed from inside. "Arrghh! Take this fucking monster out of my body!" 
Letto was trembling when he heard the commotion inside the bedroom, as the smell of blood was so thick in the air, while Alan was frowning at the pregnant woman before his eyes. He had seen things more awful than this, he had created more horror than one could ever imagine, something that not every person could stomach. 
Therefore, watching Aria scream and curse during her labor didn’t really interest him. He was concerned about one thing in this whole situation; why he was here and why his grandfather wanted him to witness this disgusting sight of a woman giving birth. Moreover, who was this woman? She looked so awful with bloodshot red eyes and greasy hair. 
Who was the man that had put his seed in her? How could that man stand this awfully ugly woman? 
With how Aria looked right now, Alan didn’t think he could talk himself into fucking her even if she was the last woman in the world. 
That was true, Aria looked extremely hideous. No man in their right mind could get themselves hard for such a woman. She looked awfully different from her former self, not to mention the negative energy that surrounded her, as if by seeing her alone, you felt so pissed off. 
"Arghh! Take it out! Take it out!" Aria screamed at the top of her lungs, her veins bulged under her skin, while she was being held down by Dexter and one more dark sorcerer. "Fuck! It fucking hurts!" 
Dexter frowned, he tried to comfort her until a while ago, but there was nothing he could do to make Aria feel better, he also couldn’t go against his father’s wishes. 
"Father, we need to do something about this." Dexter tried to raise the same concern again to his father. "She is going to die if we don’t do something." 
"So what if she dies?" Zeke frowned at his son. "The baby will come out if he wants. It is about time... all of our efforts will be paid off. We will witness the rebirth of our lord..." Zeke said with enthusiasm like a maniac, like a devotee talking about their God. 
Zeke was actually right, because after another long session of screaming and struggling, Aria finally didn’t have enough strength to even whimper anymore. She shut herself down when the baby crawled from her vagina. 
The sight was horrifying, Alan freaked out to watch such a disgusting and horrendous scene! 
He was about to leave the room when a putrid smell mixed with the smell of blood filled the room, suffocating you. It was only Alan, who was a shifter, which in this case, he had a more sensitive nose than the rest. He was going to vomit, if he stayed a little bit longer. 
But, one word from Zeke was enough to make him stay and try so hard not to gag when the baby crawled out of the poor woman’s body, covered in blood. Its skin was so red, you would think this baby was born with red skin. 
His nails were long and sharp, which Alan assumed he used to claw his way out. His stomach churned to think of that. Did all the babies do that while coming out from their mother’s wombs? Alan had never seen a woman giving birth before, neither did he care to know how. 
"Get a clean blanket and take the baby," Zeke ordered Alan, because that was the purpose why he was here, while he was still fascinated by the baby. The dark sorcerer kept smiling, as he whispered again and again ’my lord’, like a chant. 
"What?! No! Hell no!" Alan rejected the order without a second thought. There was no way he wanted to be close to that weird creature that was crawling on the bed now, let alone touch it. "I don’t want to touch that monster!" 
However, Zeke didn’t take rejection as an answer... 
After all, they kept this stupid man for this moment, they had prepared everything and it was time Alan showed his usefulness. They didn’t raise this idiot just because they were blood related. Of course not. 
If it was not for this moment, they would have ended this useless man a long time ago. He was not smart enough to be kept around. 
Right at the same time, miles away from the capital city, where Aria just gave birth to her baby, which she conceived with the help of black magic, Iris could feel this ominous feeling. 
Iris felt a hatred so strong washing over her. Her heart filled with killing intent and she was having a hard time to be able to control this dark feeling. 
The temptation to kill the two warriors before her eyes was so great. How could they still be this ungrateful after what she had done!? How low they were to see her as a form of bad luck for Cane! How dare they question their alpha’s order and doubt him?! 
Iris wanted to strangle their wolf spirits to death just like how she did with Mason’s. She still remembered the feeling of relief and how free she felt once she had done that. 
Dead people couldn’t hurt her... 
Or the feeling of power when she helped these ungrateful warriors to fight off the mutineers from the Silver River pack, the satisfaction of killing her enemies. And now, she saw these two warriors as her enemies... 
They hated her and the feeling was mutual. 
"Luna, what do you mean?" Aliana asked Iris, she put her hand on her shoulder, which snapped the luna out of her dark thoughts. 
Iris was startled, as she widened her eyes at Aliana. "W- what?" She asked, a little bit stuttering. 
"Did you really help during the attack by the Silver Warriors?" Aliana and the other warriors stared at her, waiting for her answer, because that was what Iris implied by her last statement. 
Aliana didn’t remember Iris helping with something, she was sure. She was safe and sound inside the carriage, but maybe there was something they didn’t know. 
It was no longer a secret that Iris could see the spirits of dead people and she had some kind of healing ability, or how she had the power to find magic stones, and a few other things their luna could do in between, but they didn’t know how Iris was able to see their wolf spirits and kill them without even touching them. 
Until now, it was only Cane and Haco, who knew about her lethal ability. 
Iris pressed her lips, she noticed the dark thoughts that plagued her mind a while ago had dissipated and now she had to find a way to explain herself. 
Or maybe, she didn’t need to... 
They didn’t have any right to force her to say something when she didn’t want to. "Let’s find Zale," she said callously, as she turned around. 
However, before she left, she glanced at the two warriors over her shoulder, her voice full of warning. 
"If you can treat a child half your age cruelly, I wonder if my father’s personality has rubbed on you during your time with him, because surely, I will not treat someone so horribly." 
Iris squinted her eyes, which made the two of them lower their heads, they couldn’t look at the luna in her eyes. They didn’t have the guts. 
"I have his blood, but it seems you acquired his personality. It is very concerning to think it is fine to treat a poor and defenseless young boy horribly. At the very least, everyone knows my father is a monster, but one should be worried about the person, who claims themselves as a victim but acts like a monster instead." 
Not only those two warriors, who felt like they were being slapped on the face, but Aliana, Dyne and Eron felt the same, they were very ashamed of how their pack members treated their luna and how they viewed her even after all this time. They extended their hatred from Gerald to his daughter. 
Not to mention how they treated Iris in the beginning, though they didn’t do anything as close as to show their hatred toward her, they didn’t stop their fellow pack members from talking bad about her either. 
On the other hand, Iris couldn’t care less about what they were thinking, she glanced at Aliana. "Where is Zale?" 
"Oh, over here, luna..." Aliana looked so timid when she walked a step behind Iris, with her head hung so low, so did Eron and Dyne, leaving the two warriors, who didn’t move from their place, until Iris’ figure disappeared. 
It didn’t take long for Iris to find Zale, he was sitting next to Lil Thing, cleaning up the lazy bear, while it took a nap, feeling happy someone was taking care of it. 
"Zale," Iris called him, the young boy was still wearing the same rug-like clothes he wore that day. It seemed, aside from himself, he didn’t bring anything with him. 
Zale stopped what he was doing and immediately approached Iris. He knelt down solemnly in front of her.
###Chapter 585: THE BIRTH OF THE DARK SOUL (2)
Chapter 585: THE BIRTH OF THE DARK SOUL (2)
"Cane, seriously, something must have happened to Oliver," Ethan said when he just gave Cane a report as usual. Among the reports, he learned that Oliver had not yet reached the Riverside pack. 
Meanwhile, Cane had just demoted the seven warriors, who failed to do their duty during the night one of the Silver Warriors sneaked into their bedroom, which caused the lycan to come out and take advantage of his mate. 
The seven of them were demoted to guards, which meant, they were nothing but errand boys, of course, this was a humiliation for someone, who used to be the warriors of the pack, but they knew their mistake was very fatal, it was already great enough for them not to get a death punishment. 
If Cane had been like the other alphas, their heads would have been hung on the spikes by the next day. Or, they would be begging for mercy, while being tortured in the dungeon. The other alphas had no regard for someone like them, because they could get as many warriors as they wanted and they were bound to oblige their alpha. 
A demotion was nothing compared to the real punishment they deserved, still, they had to live the rest of their lives with this shame. 
"Have they sent any people to look around the area?" Cane glanced at Ethan, as the two of them walked toward the pack house. 
Argean and Grory got their first order from Cane and now they went to accomplish it. The situation with them was still in a gray area, because Cane couldn’t trust them a hundred percent yet. To be honest, he didn’t even have fifty percent trust in them. 
They looked so polite and replied to him straightforwardly, which would make you lower your guard around them, but Cane had seen a lot of things like this. Mental warfare was not something new to him. 
"Yes, but they couldn’t find him within the territory." Ethan might have had a fight with Oliver before he left to the Riverside pack, but he didn’t have any malicious intention toward him, after all it was only a matter of different perspective. He didn’t wish anything bad to happen to him either. 
"Send a few people to the Riverside pack and track down the paths that Oliver might take." Cane’s expression didn’t change. 
"Yes, right away." Ethan was about to leave when he remembered one more thing. "Ah, I forgot to mention this, because this letter is not directed to you." 
Ethan fished out a letter from his pocket and handed it to Cane. 
"That’s a letter from the same child in the orphanage who wrote to Iris weeks ago. I think Trion or someone had taught them how to use a hawk to deliver the letters since they are able to write and read now." 
Cane saw small cursive words on the corner of the envelope. The handwriting was not neat, but you still could read it. 
For lovely luna Iris. 
That was what was written on the corner of the envelope. 
Cane didn’t say anything for a moment, as he stared at the letter in his hand from the child in the orphanage. He didn’t think what Iris taught to these children or to his warriors could bring a tremendous difference. 
Yes, the children wouldn’t be as resourceful as his warriors when they were still there, but still a little bit of information and a glimpse into what happened in the capital city would always be welcomed rather than knowing nothing, since he had ordered his people to withdraw from the capital city right after Alan sat on the throne. 
However, Cane didn’t open the letter right away. It was directed to Iris, so it was only right for her to read the letter before anyone. 
Cane went straight to their bedroom, but found it empty. He had told her to take a rest and now not only was she not sleeping, but she was not even in the bedroom. 
"Where is the luna?" Cane asked one of the warriors, who then told him that Aliana and the luna’s personal warriors had been asking around about Zale’s whereabouts, so it was most likely that the luna had gone to see the young boy. 
Without a second thought, Cane marched toward the warrior’s quarters, where Iris had gone with her little group of warriors he had assigned to protect her. 
But it seemed, Iris had found another use for them... 
=========================== 
Alan’s arms were shaking so badly when he stared at the creature in his arms. This creature was supposed to be a baby, but it didn’t have any facial expression. The baby didn’t even cry at all ever since he made his way out of his mother’s womb. 
The horror of the event would be forever engraved in Alan’s mind. 
"I- I don’t want to hold it...! I don’t want to hold it...!" Alan was on the verge of throwing the baby from him 
And, if it was not for his grandfather’s threat, he would have done so. He was even tempted to stomp on this creature, to make sure it died and stopped staring at him with his red eyes. 
Its tiny fingers looked menacing, putting Alan on alert that this baby could claw his throat, or this baby could claw his heart out, since he was pressed to his chest. 
The idea of what could happen and his wild imagination didn’t sit well with him. 
"Hold him securely, or I am going to control your useless mind!" Zeke barked at Alan, which left him startled. His grandfather had done it once and he didn’t want to go through the same experience for the second time. 
His stomach churned to think he was going to be controlled. 
However, when he looked down, those red eyes kept staring at him. Even though the baby was born just less than an hour ago, his expression was so mature and his small hand that gripped the front of his clothes felt like a silver dagger that pressed against his chest. 
This small, defenseless baby screamed danger in Alan’s eyes, his instinct told him to be away from this creature, but his body didn’t want to oblige. 
"Father, she keeps bleeding," Dexter said, his voice distraught. He tried to revive Aria again, but she lost so much blood. Her intimate part was ruined, because the baby had made his way out brutally. 
Zeke only spared him a glance, before he beckoned Alan to follow him with the baby in his arms. "She has already died, what do you need her for, now that her purpose has been fulfilled and she is no longer useful?" 
Those were the only words Zeke threw at Dexter before he left the room. 
However, Dexter didn’t have the same thoughts as his father, he stared at Aria’s face, feeling complicated. 
Once it was only him in the room, while the other dark sorcerer had left, Letto entered the room anxiously. 
"Master... should we bury her?" Letto asked quietly, he frowned to see the messy state of Aria. He felt sorry for her, because her life was so hard. Even in her last breath, she still had to endure pain and misery. 
Dexter narrowed his eyes. The only way to revive Aria again was with black magic, but there would be a side effect to it. 
========================== 
"Why are you always kneeling down when you see me?" Iris crouched down as well in front of Zale, while the young boy lowered his head. 
"Luna, I have pledged my loyalty to you, you are my master now," he said in a firm tone. 
"I have never said that I will accept that," Iris replied, teasing him, and smiled to see the look of shock on his face. 
Meanwhile, the other five warriors joined them and watched the whole thing. They were not too keen to have this young boy from the Silver River warrior pack to be within their ranks, but once again they witnessed how gentle and graceful their luna was. 
Now they could see how their luna managed to help them during their time of need, even if she had to go against her father and brother. They had seen how the luna stood before the alpha to help the people in the Silver River pack. Her heart was so kind and she had a nature to help people around her, it came as an instinct for her. 
"What should I do for you to accept my loyalty, luna?" The boy had a serious look on his face. "I will protect you. I will make sure you are not harmed." 
"How can you protect me when you can’t even protect yourself?" Iris stretched out her hand and picked a leaf from his head, then she caressed his face. "Before you can protect anyone, you need to protect yourself first. You have never been trained before, haven’t you?" 
Zale shook his head, he was a little bit flustered by how gentle the luna touched him, especially when she wiped dirt from his face. 
Aside from his dead sister and a little bit of recollection of his mother, he didn’t remember having been touched so gently like this, every other touch he got was so painful and disgusting. 
"Come, you need to clean yourself first." Iris extended her hand toward Aliana, who handed her Joel’s clothes that she asked from the young warrior earlier. "They are not new, but they are clean." She gave the clothes to Zale and then looked at Zephyr. "Can you help him with his training from now on?"
###Chapter 586: THE BIRTH OF THE DARK SOUL (3)
Chapter 586: THE BIRTH OF THE DARK SOUL (3)
Not only did he get new and clean clothes, but he also got to train under a real warrior too. Zale felt his throat tighten as his eyes stung, because no one had ever done something nice to him. 
"I want you to report everything to me," Iris said to Zephyr, among the other five warriors, he was the one who had criticized her less and she paid close attention to that. Probably, she could be closer to him like she did with Dyne and Eron. 
"Yes, luna. I will do as per your instruction." Zephyr nodded. 
Cane was not wrong when he was thinking his mate found another use of the warriors he assigned for her, after all the eight of them answered to Iris now... 
"Thank you," Iris said with a gentle smile on her face. She then handed the clothes to Zale, who rubbed his palms on his rug like clothes, but because what he was wearing was also not clean, it only made his hands even dirtier. 
"I- I will wash my hands first, Luna! I will be right back!" Zale rushed away to wash his hands. 
However, Zephyr took the clothes from Iris’ hand. "I will do it, Luna." He took the initiative to take care of Zale, since he could read the situation better. Iris not only entrusted the young boy to him to be trained, but explicitly, she wanted him to keep his eyes on him. 
And Zephyr was not wrong, because that was what Iris wanted. 
"Thank you, Zephyr," she said. 
"You don’t need to thank me," Zephyr said shortly and then walked away with the clothes in his hands. He would make sure that boy took a bath. He smelled like mud. Iris might not be able to smell him, but those shifters were a little bit distracted with the odor. 
Behind Iris, Dyne whispered to Eron. "Is Zephyr trying to get on the Luna’s good side?" 
"It seems like that," Eron replied with a frown. 
However, before they could continue with their complaint, Aliana nudged their elbows and when they turned around, they could see the alpha approaching them. From the looks of it, Cane was not in a good mood, so out of instinct, they stepped aside to let him go straight to his mate. 
Once Cane was close enough to Iris, he didn’t hesitate to put his hand on her hips and turn her body around to face him, while she squeaked out of surprise. 
"Cane!" Iris thought there was someone who touched her so intimately like this and was ready to scream, but upon seeing him, she breathed in relief. From the corner of her eyes, she noticed the warriors and Aliana had withdrawn, they tried their best to make their presence go unnoticed, and Iris soon learned why. "Wh- what happened?" 
Iris became a little bit self conscious when she was stared so intensely by him. 
"I thought, I told you to rest, but why did I find you here?" Cane tilted his head, waiting for her answer. 
Ah! That was why those warriors and Aliana immediately backed away, they must have sensed how annoyed their alpha was right now. 
"I am going to rest now," Iris said cheerfully, giving him her sweetest smile, hoping it would do some magic to make Cane less annoyed with her. "I promised to see Zale once we are here, right? It didn’t take long, I only gave him clean clothes, because the ones he was wearing looked very uncomfortable." She knew that because she had worn one when she was sent to the mines. 
Cane didn’t look happy, he leaned over and whispered something in her ear, which made her face turn red. 
"It seems, you have enough strength to roam around, why don’t we do something about that?" Cane licked her earlobe at the end of his words, sending shivers down her spine and made her legs grow so weak. 
But then, Cane let her go, which almost made her fall to the ground, but the bad alpha wrapped his arms around her waist again and walked with her to their bedroom. 
Iris was so flustered, the tip of her ears turned so red, as she tried to keep up with his pace. She glanced at him timidly, but his expression was still the same. 
How could he say something like that without the slightest change in his expression? 
============================= 
Unlike the impending misery and adversity that the birth of a dark soul would bring to this realm, the birth of Decratic happened on a beautiful and warm afternoon in the middle of the summer, where the day was so bright and lively. 
No one would even think something ominous would happen in the near future with the birth of this creature. 
"I am not a babysitter!" Alan growled at Dexter when he saw his uncle enter his room. He had not yet changed his clothes, so there was still blood on his cloak and his face when he came to check on him and the baby. "What do you mean I have to take care of the baby?! I have a kingdom to be taken care of! I am the king!" 
No matter how many times he said he was the king and no matter how hard he tried to emphasize the words, his words fell on deaf ears against Zeke, Dexter and Cyan. They couldn’t care less about that. 
"I. AM. THE KING!" Alan roared, which woke up the baby in his arms, but this little creature didn’t even make a sound, as he started to glare at him unhappily. His red skin looked so weird and Alan felt disgusted to touch it. He had this urge to throw him to the ground or into the fireplace, so it could be burned into ashes. 
"SHUT UP!" Dexter snarled back at him, which made Alan flinch and back down. 
This was unfair! 
When his father was the king, no one dared to even raise their voice against him, but now even a head sorcerer could shut him up! 
Shouldn’t they bow to him and look at him with fear!? He was the sovereign of this continent! 
But, Alan didn’t dare to voice out his grievances and could only grit his teeth. 
"You are going to feed the baby with your blood." Dexter dropped the news on him all of a sudden. It was not even a request, he only stated the fact. 
"What?! No!" Alan screamed, he literally threw the baby to the ground now, which made Dexter freak out. 
Even so, the baby didn’t make a noise and only kept his scary eyes fixed on Alan, as its small body laid down helplessly on the floor before Dexter picked him up. 
"Are you out of your mind!?" Dexter barked. "Idiot! You useless piece of shit!" He tried to check for any injuries on the baby, but thankfully, there was none, the swaddle was tight enough to redeem the impact. 
"I am not going to feed that creature with my blood!" Alan was adamant. He was not going to hurt himself for that little monster. 
However, he should have known by now that he couldn’t say ’no’ to any of them, because it went without saying, their methods could be very brutal. 
Dexter stared at Alan and the new king felt this dreadful feeling again, when he started to move his body against his will and walked toward the table, where he grabbed a dagger. 
"No! NO! NO! YOU CAN’T DO THIS TO ME!" Alan freaked out when he approached Dexter and the baby with the dagger and once he was close enough, he started to make a deep incision on his palm. Fresh blood oozed out. "ARRGHH!" 
============================= 
"Again?" Cane asked lazily his mate, who looked like she was going to sleep at any second now. 
"No..." Iris whimpered, she buried her face against Cane’s arm, as her mate hovered above her, kissing every inch of her face. "No more..." 
Their bodies tangled together, sweat glistened their skins, while out there the sun had already set and the sky had turned so dark with the moon hiding behind the gloomy clouds. 
"You are going to kill me..." Iris complained, she flinched when Cane pulled out slowly from her and she could feel something warm leaking from there. She was so exhausted, Cane was being so mean to her. 
Hearing that, Cane chuckled. He kissed her earlobe, which made her squirm, but she didn’t have the energy to push him away. 
"Stop it..." Iris protested meekly. 
"Don’t sleep, you need to eat first," Cane said, as he stopped torturing her earlobe and nibbled on her chin instead. 
"I am sleepy, I don’t want to eat..." Iris snuggled closer to his arm, she was hungry, but her sleepiness needed her attention more than her stomach. 
"No," Cane said, as he pulled away from his mate and stood up. 
Iris opened her heavy eyelids, unhappy because Cane was going away from her. He put on his cloak to cover his nakedness, as he walked toward the door to ask someone to bring their dinner. 
"Don’t sleep," Cane said as he walked back toward the bed and cradled Iris again in his arms. "The child in the orphanage wrote for you." 
Iris opened her eyes now and pouted. "You are just telling me now?" 
"We were busy earlier," Cane replied nonchalantly and Iris couldn’t find a word to retort that. Since when has this alpha become so shameless?! "Here." Cane fished out the letter from the cloak he was wearing, as he covered Iris’ naked body with the blanket.
###Chapter 587: WHY SHOULD I?
Chapter 587: WHY SHOULD I?
It was a letter from Joyce again, asking whether Iris could come and get the children out of the capital because the royal guards and warriors became more and more violent. The monsters appeared in the capital city more often now, but the royal warriors didn’t do anything about it, unless something happened in the palace. 
Because of that, while the people tried to defend themselves, the sorcerers in the capital city tried to create barriers for their safety. 
Many people died and those who tried to flee from the capital city were killed brutally. The children were afraid, the orphanage was not safe anymore after Trion and the others had left. 
Thankfully, Trion taught them how to send letters by hawks secretly, so the guards and warriors around the city wouldn’t notice it, but Joyce and the other children must be very careful about it and they couldn’t send letters as often as they wanted. 
At the end of the letter, Joyce wrote; please, help us, luna Iris... 
Her handwriting was so bad, it was almost like her little hand was shaking out of fear and helplessness, begging Iris to come and save them.
Iris stared at the letter with mixed feelings. She said nothing, but from the look on her expression, it was not that hard to tell what was in her mind right now. 
"We can’t go to the capital city yet," Cane answered the unspoken question. He pulled Iris closer and patted her back, as if he was trying to abate the turmoil inside of her. 
The most frustrating thing was; Iris knew that. She understood their situation and knew Cane couldn’t magically take the children away from the capital city, especially when the orphanage was located so close to the palace. 
Cane had been trying to avoid the power struggle in the palace and because Alan was on the throne now, things wouldn’t go well with them. Once they were in his hands, there was no way Alan would let them go, unless they died. 
You could start to imagine all the horrendous things that might happen to the people, who were loyal to Cane, once Alan got a hold of the alpha. 
What happened to those people that were tortured in the underground of Alan’s palace, was only a glimpse of what he was going to do to people, who stood by Cane’s side. 
They couldn’t even enter the capital city, let alone save those children. 
At least, not yet... 
Tears streamed down Iris’ face silently, as she tried so hard to suppress her emotions. She was so angry. She wanted to kill those people in the palace, especially Alan. If she could, maybe half of Cane’s problems would disappear too. 
She wondered how many wolf spirits she could kill if they marched to the capital city at this instant. She didn’t feel tired when she helped the warriors of the Howling Wolf pack to fight those mutineers. Maybe she could kill as many shifters as she liked. 
The idea enticed her... 
For a moment, that was the only thing in Iris’ mind that could soothe her anger. 
"You need to be cleaned up, let’s think about this matter later." Cane moved his body slightly away from Iris and scooped her into his arms. He could see how she was crying without sound and kissed both of her cheeks, but he didn’t tell her to stop crying. She needed to vent it out. It was fine for her to cry in front of him. 
On the other hand, Iris wrapped her arms around Cane’s neck and let him take care of her. This was not the first time he bathed her, more so, it was his responsibility, because he had exhausted her to the point she didn’t have any energy left to take care of herself. 
Reading the letter made Iris feel even more depressed and now, she was not only physically tired, but mentally as well. 
Thankfully, this time Cane didn’t try to pull anything, as he simply cleaned her up and asked someone to change the bedsheets, so when they were done, the bed was ready for them. 
After that, Iris didn’t eat much, even so Cane didn’t push her to eat more like he usually did. He only reminded her to finish Grace’s concoction, because he didn’t want her to risk her health with a lot of things that were going on and what they would face in the future. 
After the letter from Joyce, a week went by uneventfully, there was nothing worth noting aside from the new moon that happened on their second day they were here. 
But, Iris was there to keep the lycan in check. She cuddled the cursed creature to sleep and even though the beast was not happy, he didn’t dare to wake her up, in the end, he accepted his fate to be cuddled the whole night. 
While Cane was busy with the matters with the Diandem pack, Iris was busy training the lizard how to reach a certain place, so she could send letters to somewhere far away. She kept trying to figure out how this creature worked. 
Iris also checked on Joel and Zale, both of them made great progress. 
Joel could walk now and he had been so eager to start his training again, but Grace told him to give it a few more days, while Zale really impressed Zephyr. 
"Zale has a good instinct and attitude to read the situation." Zephyr stood in front of Iris in the corridor. It was only the two of them, while the rest of the warriors were running some errands for their luna and Aliana went to see Grace to ask for medicine, because Zale hurt himself when he practiced with a silver dagger. He was still young, thus his healing ability was still developing. 
From what they knew, Zale was only eleven years old now. Four years younger than Joel. 
At this moment, Zale was inside Zephyr’s bedroom, as he stayed in the same room with him, instead of sleeping next to Lil Thing, but occasionally, he would go to play with the bear, since the other warriors were so old and they were busy doing things more important than paying attention to him. 
"He is a hunter, it’s easy for him to track something down, maybe because he used to hunt when he was still in the Silver River pack." Zephyr laid out all the details of his observation on Zale, because Iris had told him that she wanted to know all the details. "He will become a great warrior within a few years." 
Iris listened to all of that and felt so proud about Zale’s progress, even though he was only with them for only a little bit more than a week. 
"Thank you, Zephyr, please look after him." Iris didn’t want Zale to be bullied by the other warriors and it seemed, Zephyr understood that, as he gave a stern warning to the other warriors not to bother the boy. Ethan did the same without Iris asking him. 
The gamma was impressed by how bold the young boy was, but he was still too busy to ’play’ with him, since the alpha had been killing him with a lot of work and without Oliver, Ethan was really miserable to finish all the assignments. 
"Luna," Zephyr called Iris, he looked a little bit hesitant to say his next words. 
"Is there something else you want to tell me?" Iris tilted her head, she leaned her back against the wall, as she stared at the end of this corridor, where she could see a lot of warriors were on training. 
"There is something I want to ask you." Zephyr decided to go ahead with his question, because it would be difficult to find such an alone moment with the luna again. 
Iris turned her head and shifted her attention toward the warrior. "What question?" She frowned and prepared herself for the question. 
Zephyr tried to find the right words to say, but the words blurted out of his mouth before he could think about it properly. 
"You must have heard what we were talking about you when we thought you couldn’t hear us, but why didn’t you tell the alpha about it?" 
This question had been plaguing his mind. Occasionally, the other four would discuss it and wait for the punishment from the alpha, dreading what kind of punishment they would get. Whether it would be their last night to be a warrior or keep their lives. 
However, after weeks passed and nothing happened, they became curious and confused. 
It was very obvious that the luna had not yet told the alpha about what they said, but the question was; why? Why didn’t she tell him? They should admit their words were not the nicest, especially when they gossipped she was barren. 
The alpha couldn’t be the one with the problem, even though they knew what happened with him, because he managed to get Sofia pregnant. 
The pack had been so worried the rumor could be true that the alpha turned infertile after the torture he had to endure in Mason and Gerald’s hands. 
But, their worries immediately vanished when they saw Sofia was really pregnant with the claim the alpha was the father of the baby in her stomach. 
Keeping the real father of the baby in Sofia’s stomach as a secret, he did not only fool the people out there, but also helped calm the members of the Howling Wolf pack. 
That was what Cane aimed for. 
"Why should I bother to tell Cane?"
###Chapter 588: IRIS’S FRUSTRATION
Chapter 588: IRIS’S FRUSTRATION
"Why should I bother telling Cane?" Iris didn’t change her expression when she questioned him back. "To give you more reasons to hate me?" 
Zephyr gulped down with difficulty, he felt so ashamed. He didn’t even dare to meet with those blue eyes of hers directly. 
"Don’t worry, I’m used to enduring everything alone. Your words were nothing compared to what I have heard my whole life. It’s not something new to me." Iris disliked herself right now. Being passive aggressive like this made her feel depressed. 
But it was Zephyr’s fault to bring up the topic to begin with. 
Iris tried to forget about it, since it only hurt her badly to know what they were thinking about her. She almost succeeded in pushing that hurtful moment to the back of her mind, along with the trauma and every other horrendous thing she had ever endured, but Zephyr touched the wound again. 
"Even though it will be nice if you can restrain yourself from insulting me, I can’t control the way you perceive me, nor can I change how you feel about me." 
This time, Iris gritted her teeth, feeling so mad for being reminded of it again. 
However, Zephyr didn’t see that, because right now he was more interested in staring at the floor beneath his feet, feeling mortified because of the guilt that ate at him alive. 
"You don’t need to talk about this anymore, it has been established that you don’t like me and I don’t have an obligation to like you either. Let’s be civil with each other." 
"Luna, if you let the alpha know about it, he will remove us from the position of your personal warriors. Why didn’t you do that?" Zephyr asked again, but he still didn’t look at Iris. He was physically taller in front of this petite luna. He was your typical warrior shifter with a bulky and tall body that could intimidate you. 
Yet, Zephyr felt so small and useless in the presence of this auburn haired woman who looked so delicate. 
"There must be a reason why Cane chose all of you. He must have trusted you so much and it will disappoint him to know he made the wrong decision. At the very least, we are on the same page in this matter; we don’t want to disappoint the alpha and burden him with unnecessary trouble when he already has enough on his plate. Right?" 
That was right, but all Zephyr could do was nod his head subtly. 
"More so, he would have found other warriors to fulfill the position and there is no guarantee the new warriors wouldn’t be the same." Iris sighed deeply. "I know and noticed the hatred from the warriors for me. Let’s be cordial, so we can coexist peacefully, that’s all I hope from you." 
Zephyr couldn’t hold it back anymore, he dropped to his knees and hit his forehead against the floor in front of Iris. 
"I ask for your forgiveness, luna," Zephyr said in a small voice. He knew his error and felt so ashamed about himself. The audacity of him to talk bad about the luna was beyond him when she was so graceful not to punish them at all. She didn’t even say a word to the alpha. 
Knowing their alpha, if he knew what they said, they wouldn’t only end up in the dungeon or be sent to chase after monsters in the Goffa mountain, they would have died in misery. 
Now Zephyr understood why the alpha genuinely cared for her. She deserved it and more. 
It was real. The way the alpha showed his affection toward her was real, because there were some people who didn’t believe it and thought the alpha just faked it for whatever reason he had to gain something. But, Zephyr could vouch that the alpha’s attitude toward his mate was real. 
"Forgive me, luna. I have stepped out of the line," Zephyr said, he felt so remorseful. He really wanted to beat himself up so badly for the way he talked about the luna. She didn’t deserve their nasty words. "I have directed my anger blindly toward you. I have been so blind to not be able to see past my hatred." 
Zephyr said solemnly with his forehead touching the floor, he bent himself so low to show her his submission. 
"Forgive me for all the pain I have caused you." His words dripped with contrition and grief. 
But, Iris didn’t budge, she stared at him with her impassive expression. If it was in the past, she would have cried and busied herself to pull Zephyr to his feet, but right now the only thing she felt was sadness. 
It took them long enough to see their error and herself to be in so much pain to receive their apology... 
If she could choose, she would rather not talk about it and pretend it had never happened. After all, she almost managed to erase such painful moments from her memories. 
And now, what Zephyr did, reminded Iris of Avid. She missed the warrior. She remembered every word he said when he thanked her that morning after he learned what Kaz and the other pack members had done to her. 
"You may stand up, Zephyr. It has already happened, let’s move on and don’t talk about it again." After all, Zephyr didn’t say as much as the other four warriors. That was why, Iris thought, she could be on good terms with him and chose him to be Zale’s mentor. 
"I swore, I will dedicate my life to protect you and keep you away from any harm." Zephyr didn’t say these words casually. 
"Live, and that will be more than enough for me. I don’t want anyone to die anymore." Especially not for her. She didn’t want their blood on her hands. 
============================ 
"They found Oliver’s body, Cane," Ethan looked distraught after he received the report. "From the looks of it, he was attacked by a monster and his body was torn, our people could only find a few remnants of his body." 
Cane remained stoic, but he said nothing, as he listened to Ethan ramblings. 
"This is my fault..." the gamma murmured. They parted ways on bad terms and now he was gone forever. There was no way for them to mend things over a drink or two. 
"The blame is on me, I was the one who gave him an order to return alone during this season." 
Ethan shook his head, still in denial, but he didn’t know how true Cane’s words were because the blame was really on him for Oliver’s death. 
"Send his remains back to the pack, let him rest in his homeland." Cane glanced at the bleak sky and closed his eyes. His grip on the edge of the table tightened, but when he opened his eyes again, they showed no emotions whatsoever. 
"Yes, yes... we need to bury him, so he can rest in peace." Ethan was too distraught, as he walked out of the study room and did what Cane told him to do. 
Another week passed uneventfully and Iris felt so dejected when she saw she got her monthly cycle again, she felt like she wanted to cry, feeling so useless. Asher said she was not a woman if she couldn’t conceive, maybe he was right... 
Even though the problem was with Cane, as a woman, she felt so useless to not be able to conceive yet. 
Maybe Cane was not the only one with the problem, maybe she also had the same issue? After all, Grace’s concoction did wonders to her body, so it was only natural if it gave the same impact to Cane, right? 
Iris bit her lip, she hated herself. 
Maybe what people said was right, because she was a runt, her body was not normal, her womb must be defected because of that reason. 
One thing Iris couldn’t stand was the disappointment in Cane’s eyes. She was so scared to the point her whole body was trembling. 
She had seen so many disappointed eyes, but if Cane gave her that look, it would haunt her every time she closed her eyes and plague her mind while she was awake. 
Tears streamed down Iris’ cheeks. Her whole body was trembling and currently, she was with just Haco inside the bedroom, while Celia was watching Joel train after his recovery. 
"Why are you crying?" Haco yawned. 
This old sorcerer was supposed to teach her something about magic, but in the middle of it, he fell asleep and Iris’ mind went wild. She tried to distract herself from the fact she found herself bleeding this morning, but truth be told, Haco was not a good distraction. 
"What is it? Why are you crying like that?" Haco frowned, it seemed, his mind was functional enough to be his grumpy self. "Some warriors bullied you? You can squeeze their spirits to death, what are you crying for?" 
Iris didn’t know whether she had to laugh or cry upon hearing what Haco said. "Are you going to turn me into a murderer?" 
Haco stared at Iris for such a long time, she thought he was going to fall asleep again, or forgot about their little conversation completely. 
But then, the old sorcerer spoke in a clear and firm voice. 
"If you think everyone has a heart like you, that’s going to fuck you up, Iris." Haco scrunched his nose. 
"I don’t think I have a good heart, Haco." She remembered how dark thoughts kept flashing in her mind recently. 
"Nonsense." Haco scoffed and Iris smiled sweetly at the old man. 
"I am sad, Haco."
###Chapter 589: KODA’S PLAN
Chapter 589: KODA’S PLAN
"What are you sad about?" Haco yawned again. He could sleep the whole day, and often skipped his meals. If it was not for Celia and Joel, who woke him up to eat something, he would go without eating anything at times. 
Iris pulled her legs up against her chest and rested her chin on her knees. Her blue eyes dimmed slightly, while Haco resumed to fiddle with the herbs on the table. Though he often forgot about a lot of things whenever his memories collapsed, he would get mad if someone touched his herbs. 
"I feel like a failure because I can’t get pregnant." Iris felt so bad to say that, despite the fact it was Cane, who had the problem, but as a woman, she felt so disappointed in herself. 
"If you can’t get pregnant, it is Cane’s fault." Haco glanced at her, while doing his thing. "If he can’t impregnate you, he will not be able to get any women pregnant," he said as a matter of fact. He knew the truth about Sofia’s baby and thankfully, his mind was sober enough to hold this conversation with her, since Iris couldn’t talk about this with anyone. 
Aliana was still unaware of Sofia’s baby’s father, or so Iris thought... 
"Maybe because I am a runt, so my body is not up for the task." Iris felt even more depressed when she said it out loud. 
"Nonsense. I think we have moved past ’the runt’ nonsense thing. You have the life essence of the first Serafim and haven’t we talked about the possibility that you are not your father’s daughter? Maybe you are not a shifter to begin with." 
They had touched this subject in the past, but without enough information related to the topic at hand, they could only drop it and not make any assumptions to create more confusion, until they got more insight. 
"My mind is not in the right place," Iris murmured. She hugged herself tightly, as if to prevent herself from falling apart. She was afraid to tell Cane that they failed again. 
"Iris," Haco said her name gently, he finally stopped what he was doing and looked at her. "If it is meant to be, it will happen. If you were destined to become pregnant with his child, it would happen at one point in your life." Haco extended his hand and grabbed hers. "You need to stop being so hard on yourself. Sometimes, things that you really hope for, will happen when you least expect it." 
Iris accepted his advice, but it didn’t help with her anxiety, especially when she remembered Grace was running out of the water magic stones and they needed them to continue making the concoction. The only place she knew where to get the water magic stones was in Lou’s guild in the Black Market. 
She shouldn’t have drunk alcohol at that time, maybe, just maybe... they had a chance, but she ruined it. 
Iris’ mind went so wild, she entered a rabbit hole... 
========================== 
"What now, grandfather?" Laluna asked Koda, her expression was so cold, as she held her son, who kept crying until his face turned so red. The pain must be so unbearable for the baby as his condition flared up again. "The Serafim can’t even heal him. What are we going to do now?" 
Koda asked her to address him that way because he wanted to show the connection between him and the baby and how close they were as a family. Those people out there loved a story like this, it would gain their sympathy. 
Koda had this hard expression on his face. He thought, with the Serafim here, everything would be fine and his great grandson would be able to be cured, but nothing happened, there was no progress and the curse was still torturing the baby. 
He was afraid one day it would take his life and by then, there was no reason for them to go against the royals. Because the baby was their sole reason to fight for the throne. That was how important this baby was. 
They couldn’t afford to lose him because everything would go down the drain and Alan wouldn’t be so benevolent to accept their pack back. 
"I heard the luna from the Howling Wolf pack managed to heal their warrior, who was deemed to be unable to walk again," Koda contemplated. He heard this from his men. 
It was not that hard to get the information, since the rumor about it had spread like wildfire among the warriors in the Howling Wolf pack. At first, Koda brushed it off as a mere rumor, but the recent information he got, proved how true it was. 
"That runt has healing powers?" Laluna narrowed her eyes, she remembered her encounter with Iris when they were in the palace and how sickly she looked. She couldn’t even say she had the ability to be a normal human when she got sick so often, but now she had healing powers? That was ridiculous. "That’s only a rumor, grandfather. You know better than to believe that." 
"Why not? We need to try everything and not pass any chance until we get the baby healed." Koda approached Laluna and took the baby from her arms to put him in his crib. 
The baby was still crying, but because there was nothing they could do to appease him, they chose not to waste their energy. It was good that he was at least crying because it meant he was still alive. 
Koda put his hand on her shoulder. "This will be the right excuse to bring Alpha Cane out from the south, since he has been refusing to come here to discuss the matter with the royals more specifically." 
Cane gave an idea how to deal with the people from the Holy Kingdom and how to get them to their side, but in the process, Cane made everything look as if he didn’t have any part in it. 
Yes, the credit could go to Alpha Colter and Koda, but if things went south, Cane would be left unscathed, since there was no trace of his involvement. 
Koda just realized it recently and he was so pissed, because he was being used, but at the same time, it was a fair game. None of them were innocent in this power struggle. 
"How? How can you call Alpha Cane when he has been refusing to come out of the south?" Laluna looked a little bit excited when they talked about the possibility of Cane coming to the Red Claw pack. It had been a while since she met with him... "Alpha Cane couldn’t care less about Alpha Colter." 
Koda caressed Laluna’s neck and traced his fingers alongside her jawline. "Yes, you are right." Koda’s voice turned into a whisper when he leaned over to kiss his late grandson’s mate’s ear. "But, the Serafim will be able to do the job," he said, licking Laluna’s earlobe. 
Laluna closed her eyes, her heart skipped a beat when Koda’s hand caressed her breast. She was still breastfeeding, so her breasts were bigger than normal. She looked captivating. 
"How... what will you do to make the Serafim call him here?" Laluna let out a gasp when Koda pushed her against the wall and pressed her body with his, as he started to grind himself against hers. 
"No. The Serafim will call for his mate." Koda took off his pants and lifted Laluna’s dress up. He was already so hard, while the baby was still crying in the background. "Knowing how much he is infatuated with that deaf woman, he will come along too. Who would have thought such a runt would be his weakness?" 
Koda ripped Laluna’s undergarment impatiently. 
"Don’t do this... someone can come," Laluna said weakly, she didn’t try to push him away, because she knew it would only aggravate him. 
"No one will come," Koda growled and pressed his lips against her, biting her lip and sucked on her tongue harshly. 
Laluna let him do whatever he wanted with her, because there was no point in fighting him. Everything went nasty after Koda saved her from the palace during the battle against the royals. She stayed in his tent during their journey back to the Red Claw pack. 
Koda then lifted her body up. Even though he was no longer young, he was still a warrior, a shifter, he had enough strength to match with her. 
In one swift move, Koda was already inside her, as he thrusted into her deep and hard against the wall, while Laluna wrapped her legs around his hips and held onto his shoulders. 
"Oh, you healed so well down there..." Koda growled, satisfied because it felt so good to be gripped so tightly. He pounded into her, while Laluna struggled to keep up with his pace, she started to feel the pain. She must be torn up again down there because of how rough he was. "It feels better than the last time." 
Koda buried his face against Laluna’s breasts, as he kept thrusting into her relentlessly. 
"Don’t make noise if you don’t want anyone to join us," Koda warned her when Laluna started to whimper. "Alpha Colter would love to have you in his bed too tonight, so be ready." 
Laluna felt there was a lump in her throat when she heard that. 
"Your mates will kill me if they found out about this," Laluna said breathlessly, she tried to endure it, while her son was still crying in pain. 
Koda chuckled when he heard that. "Those women will not do anything, you should be worried if you don’t satisfy me..."
###Chapter 590: ’THAT’ BOOK
Chapter 590: ’THAT’ BOOK
Iris was so gloomy and Cane thought it was because of her monthly cycle, which caused her to be in a bad mood. 
"There will be a festivity in the town tonight. Do you want to go?" Cane asked Iris, without even taking his eyes off the report he was reading right now. 
Both of them were having their lunch in the dining room along with the members of the three packs, thus it was a little bit crowded here. 
Cane prolonged his stay in this pack because he was waiting for the merchants from Karam to come. Usually, the merchants would come to buy the women and monsters, and a few children if he took a liking to them. 
However right now, Cane wanted something else to be traded, therefore, he was going to have a meeting with them. They were scheduled to arrive two weeks from now. 
Grory and Argean expressed dissatisfaction over how Cane wanted to change what they used to do in this pack, it could be seen clearly in their eyes and expressions when the alpha said he was going to stop trading women and children with the merchants from Karam. 
However, the beta and gamma didn’t dare to voice out their opinion. As for what Cane would trade in exchange for women and children, they were not sure because the alpha didn’t explain anything to them. 
If Ethan himself needed years and Iris’ helping hand to make Cane explain his plans to him, definitely Argean and Grory wouldn’t be able to make him say anything more than necessary after meeting just for a few days. 
"Going to the town? Tonight?" Iris’ eyes lit up. Cane didn’t allow her to go out of the pack house and it was a stern order from him to her personal warriors, thus none of them dared to go against him. 
Even Aliana didn’t dare to disobey the alpha. 
’The Alpha looks so scary, he will really have our heads if we disobey this one,’ Eron said when Iris asked him to take her out of the pack house once, because she wanted to see this pack and buy a few pairs of clothes for Joel and Zale, also Celia and Haco. 
Joel showed tremendous progress, he could shift into his beast without a problem and started his training, he was also able to read and write now, which he bragged to Eron and Dyne, as the two of them used to tease him. 
Celia was also learning how to read and write, since Iris didn’t have many things to do. 
Sometimes, Joel and Zale would train together with Celia and Haco as their spectators. Iris and Aliana would come to watch them as well occasionally. 
"Hm. Do you want to go?" Cane put more meat on Iris’ plate, as she munched on it like a chipmunk. 
"I want to!" Iris looked so excited and Cane was happy enough to see her full of spirit like this. 
He had been so busy and couldn’t spend time with her as often. He realized it immediately seeing his mate had been so gloomy lately. He wasn’t used to seeing her like that... 
"Can I buy clothes for Joel, Zale and Haco? Also Celia? I saw their clothes are too small for them and Zale also needs more clothes, he didn’t bring anything from his pack and has been wearing Joel’s clothes." 
Cane was speechless, instead of talking of buying something for herself, it seemed, Iris was way happier when she talked about what she was going to buy for the others. 
However, as long as she could smile like this and he was able to see her eyes lit up with excitement, it didn’t matter what the subject was. 
"Okay." 
"But, I don’t have any money," Iris said sheepishly. 
Cane couldn’t help but laugh. 
"Cane, I am serious." Iris scrunched her nose seeing Cane laugh at her. "I promise I will not spend much. I will just buy two for each." 
Cane didn’t realize it before because his mate had never been in a situation where she needed money, but now he realized he had never given her any allowance or bought something for her. 
"You don’t need to be worried about that. You can buy whatever you want." Cane caressed her cheek. He stopped laughing, as it dawned on him how he had neglected this matter, just because Iris had never mentioned it before. 
"No, I..." Iris was about to speak, but Cane cut her off. 
"Iris, I got the fortune of six packs, do you really think I can’t afford a few pieces of clothes for you?" Cane put a piece of meat into her mouth. 
Cane didn’t count the Silver River pack, because he left their fortune for them to manage, but even without that one pack, the other six packs were wealthy enough to match the wealthiest pack in this continent. 
Iris munched on her meat docilely now. 
Her mood had improved slightly. This would be the first time they went out together to relax after they returned from the capital city, since there were so many things that had happened since they left the palace. 
Within a year, so much had changed... 
========================= 
Summer almost ended and it was almost fall, thus there were so many festivities within the pack and the southern packs were well known to be so lively on such occasions. 
During fall, there would be monster transmigration again, but some of the monsters would lay dormant. It was a perfect time to have a long journey with a low risk of being attacked by the monsters, that was why the merchants from the Karam would come during that season. 
It was also during fall when Cane took his people back to their homeland, as it was raining during that time. But they were attacked by monsters. It was so unfortunate, since Cane thought their journey back to the Howling Wolf pack would be free from monsters. 
Fall also marked one year since the first time Cane saw Iris for the first time. Their meeting started with so much hatred, only filled with desire for vengeance. They started their relationship so wrong from all aspects. 
"Cover your hair, Iris. It is so easy to spot you within the crowd with your hair color," Cane said, as he pulled up the hoodie of her cloak and tightened it around her body. The night was rather cold now and Iris started to wear more layers on her dress. 
Her health had improved tremendously, but it didn’t mean she was able to withstand the cold night wind. 
"Okay," Iris said, as she peeked from under her hoodie. 
Cane didn’t want someone to be able to spot her so easily, because she could be an easy target if something went wrong in the festival. 
After that, a carriage took them to the town, but it was not one of the extravagant carriages Cane owned. It was a normal one, so they wouldn’t get unnecessary attention. 
Once they were there, Aliana approached Iris to walk with her, while Ethan and Cane walked behind the women closely. 
"Celia, Haco, Zale and Joel are here too, but I think they went to a different place," Aliana told Iris, as she walked close to her. "It’s so rare for the alpha to let us take a break, he usually will force us to work until we collapse." 
"Cane is not like that!" Iris protested, but when she saw how Aliana grinned, she realized this woman only teased her. She lowered her head, embarrassed. 
Iris was a little bit disappointed because she thought she would be with Cane alone, but as it turned out, she could see familiar faces among the crowd. In less than half an hour, Iris managed to spot her seven personal warriors. 
However, as the night progressed, Iris enjoyed Aliana and Ethan’s company, as the two of them kept bickering and competing in everything. There was no dull moment with the two of them around. 
"Do they always compete like this?" Iris grimaced when she saw how Aliana challenged Ethan in a drinking competition and neither of them were willing to give up. 
"More or less," Cane said, as he ushered Iris away from the crowd. 
"What about them?" Iris was worried, because Ethan and Aliana were clearly drunk right now, but then she saw Asher and Kian go closer to them. 
The festival was so lively, but as the night progressed, more and more people got drunk and it began to get wild. On the brothels’ balconies, there were so many women, half naked, waving their hands at the people below them, inviting men and women to come to their place. 
Iris was a little bit worried about what she would do if Cane took the initiative to enter one of the brothels, though if she were to think about it thoroughly, there was no way the alpha would even step inside. This must be her hormones that messed up with her mind like what happened recently. 
Instead of a brothel, Cane actually took Iris to a rather quiet building no one visited. 
"I noticed you have nothing to read recently, why don’t you buy some to kill the time?" Cane answered the unspoken question when Iris stared at him with confusion as he took her closer to this small one storey building. 
Iris knew Cane was an observant person, but she felt touched that he could notice such a trivial detail. She thought he was busy. 
"Night!" A middle-aged woman greeted them. "What book do you want?" She looked so charming and warm. 
Hearing her question, the first thing that crossed Iris’ mind was; ’that’ book, which made her blush.
###Chapter 591: IRIS’S LITTLE SECRET
Chapter 591: IRIS’S LITTLE SECRET
It didn’t go unnoticed by Cane when Iris blushed, but he couldn’t figure out the reason behind it. Oftentimes, she would have a strange response to some things and at that moment, he simply couldn’t understand what was in her mind. 
"I will wait here," Cane said, as he took a book and sat down on the chair near the door. He wasn’t really interested in the book, because the content could be so different from reality and now Iris was aware of that too, but still it was a habit of hers to read something because it gave her joy. 
"O- okay." Iris stumbled over her words, as she immediately skipped to the further row of the bookshelves. 
This place was not too big, there were only five rows of bookshelves here and the book collection must not be on par with the one they had back in the pack house, but Cane noticed there were a few old books here titles of which almost couldn’t be read anymore, the kind of books you shouldn’t put on sale. 
Cane opened the book in his hand and realized it was about black magic. He was rather surprised to find such a book here. Just like he thought, the books here were not common. 
Meanwhile, Iris went to the furthest row of the bookshelves with the middle aged woman, as she smiled at her the entire time. 
"Is there a specific book you want to read?" The woman smiled suggestively, as if she could tell what kind of book Iris was thinking about, as she slid a furtive glance toward Cane, who was now engrossed in the book in his hands. 
"Uhm..." Iris was a little bit hesitant, she licked her dry lips nervously and couldn’t help but turn so red, which made the woman chuckle. "I want... ’that’ book... Do you have ’that’ book?" 
"I know, I know what kind of book you want." She winked at Iris and walked past her only to return with three books in her hands. 
This woman had short hair, which she tied behind her nape. She was a bubbly person and Iris felt comfortable with her, even though this was their first time to meet with each other. She was not sure whether she was a shifter or a merchant, since Cane explained to her that this place was almost like a replica of the capital city, only on a smaller scale. 
The reason why Ethan was so against this pack to be part of their territory and put it on the same list as Silver River pack must be because he didn’t like how lecherous this place was. 
"I know you must be the luna of the Howling Wolf pack and that must be Alpha Cane." The woman grinned, as she handed the books to Iris.
Iris looked surprised this woman could tell so easily and she spoke so casually. 
"Hiding your hair didn’t do the trick when he didn’t cover his scar." The woman pointed at her own face, indicating the scar on Cane’s face. "More so, who else will the woman the Alpha bring if it’s not his mate?" 
She then proceeded to tell Iris how the women in this pack often gushed how lucky Iris was to have a man like Cane. 
"He must be the only alpha, who has only one woman." She winked at Iris again, but then she changed her tone and her voice became a whisper. "But, there is a rumor that Alpha Cane has another mistress who is currently pregnant back in the Howling Wolf pack, is that true?" 
Okay. 
Iris was not as innocent as she thought, well being with Cane for so long at least taught her a thing or two, thus she could tell this woman was just trying to fish for juicy material to gossip about. She must not only provide books, but also gather stories to tell. 
"I- I will take this book and some more..." Iris immediately cut off any chance for her to trick her to get more information that she didn’t need to know. "I will take more books, but can you hide these three first, so he will not know about them?" Iris whispered to her. 
The woman chuckled, amused by the young woman in front of her. "Sure." Even though she didn’t get the gossip she wanted, she was graceful enough not to press the matter further. She even generously gave Iris some tips. "Luna, this is only advice, but you really need to consider being more active in bed." 
Seeing Iris now, it was not hard to tell how she was the passive one in bed. After all, if you asked for tips and advice related to this matter, you could get a lot from the people in this pack, as they were very open about this topic. 
Yet, Iris was not ready for this openness and felt a little bit uncomfortable. 
"O- okay." 
"Being too passive is not fun, don’t let your man get bored with you." The woman then leaned over again. "If you want, I can introduce you to my friend, she can give you some tips and tricks on how to satisfy a man." 
Iris felt her face was so hot, she had never talked about this kind of thing with other people, nor did she get any advice on how to do it correctly. 
"Everything is good here?" Cane’s voice came from Iris’ behind and she almost jumped out of her skin, thinking her mate heard their conversation. 
Abruptly, Iris turned around and faced him. Nodding her head vigorously. "Y- yes, yes! I am just asking about a certain book." Iris didn’t lie, she was indeed asking about a specific book. 
"Have you gotten it?" Cane’s cold gaze was directed at the woman behind Iris, who was smiling sweetly at him. 
"Yes, I have, but I want to look for more books, can I?" Iris felt her heart skip a bit when she tried to get herself out of this awkward situation. Well, it was awkward for her, but the other two didn’t think the same. 
"Don’t take too long, it is already so late," Cane said. 
"Don’t worry, my bookstore is open all day and night." The woman looked cheerful when she spoke, even when the alpha ignored her. "He is very protective, isn’t he? If only all the men can be like him..." she gushed openly after Cane left. 
"I will look for other books," Iris said and then handed the three books to her again. "Please, don’t let him know I purchased them." Iris felt so embarrassed to ask this favor. 
Chuckling, the woman nodded with this amused smile on the corners of her red lips. "Don’t worry, I will give you a discount if you want to see my friend." That was the friend who would help her by giving tips and tricks. 
Iris didn’t answer that and immediately scurried away to find some ’normal’ books, so Cane wouldn’t get suspicious later. 
"Cute," the woman muttered, chuckling. 
After an hour had passed, Cane and Iris came out of the bookstore with two bags of books, while a carriage had been waiting for them outside. 
A guard immediately took the bags from Cane’s hand, while the alpha helped his mate climb the carriage. It was already so late, but the festivity didn’t seem to die down any time soon, if anything it became even wilder, as women went half naked on the streets with drunk men hovering around them. 
Cane didn’t like this pack, but it held so much benefit if you could look past it. 
Iris felt tired, she got what she wanted and more. She bought Celia a few nice dresses and found a few pairs of clothes for Zale, Joel and Haco. Not to mention the books. 
Now, snuggling in her mate’s arms, she closed her eyes, feeling satisfied. Her monthly cycle had almost ended and probably that was the reason why her mood got a little bit better. 
"Sleep," Cane said softly when Iris yawned against his chest, it was way past her sleeping time and his mate didn’t sleep so late. 
Iris adjusted her position to find a more comfortable spot against Cane’s chest and closed her eyes, as she tangled her legs with his, while Cane patted her head. 
It didn’t take long before Iris fell asleep and her breathing became even. 
However, once Iris had fallen asleep, Cane’s eyes fell on the two bags near him, which contained books that Iris bought. 
He could sense there was something weird. There was this subtle exchange between Iris and that woman in the bookstore. 
His instinct told him to check the books Iris had bought and that was what he did once they arrived at the pack house. 
It came naturally for Cane to carry Iris to their bed whenever she fell asleep like this, while the other two guards carried the things they had bought in the town. 
After Cane tucked Iris in, he went to check all the books, but there was nothing suspicious until he got to the last three books and he couldn’t help but widen his eyes. His expression turned stiff, he frowned and looked closely at the last three books, flipping the pages casually. 
For a moment, Cane didn’t do anything, he just stayed there with the books in his hands and then put them back like before. 
After discovering what the ’weird’ vibe he got earlier, he went to bed and cuddled his mate, who was very oblivious to the fact her little secret had been discovered.
###Chapter 592: THE LETTER FROM THE SERAFIM
Chapter 592: THE LETTER FROM THE SERAFIM
The next day Cane received two important letters: one each from the Red Claw pack and the Celestial Moon pack. 
Alpha Colter from the Red Claw pack informed him that the Serafim had heard about Iris’ healing ability and wanted his mate to meet her in person. The alpha’s letter came with a side note from Koda, where he asked Iris’ help to heal his great grandson because the Serafim failed to break the curse on the baby and if it continued any longer, they were afraid the baby wouldn’t make it. 
After all, this little Vemion was the rightful future sovereign of this continent. Their opponent wouldn’t let him live for long. 
On the surface, it would appear like Alpha Colter seemingly giving Cane a heads up about the summons from the Serafim, but there was no doubt it was Koda, who had suggested the idea to the Serafim and urged her to see Iris in person. 
More so, if the Serafim couldn’t heal his great grandson, he must be clinging onto any hope he could find to save him. In this case, unfortunately, they heard what happened to Joel. It was predictable, since what happened to the young warrior created a little bit of uproar among the warriors, as they overjoyed for him. 
Cane was not really happy with the letter. He could ignore Alpha Colter, since he owed himself a lot, but with the Serafim in the picture, it would be a bit difficult. Cane couldn’t take the risk of making an enemy out of the Holy Kingdom, unless it was necessary. 
Meanwhile, the letter from the Celestial Moon pack mentioned about the recent aggressive monster attacks. The attacks became even more frequent and it was overwhelming, especially when the royals saw them as their enemy too, because they housed Prince Kellan and protected him. 
Alpha Derick asked for help. He didn’t think the Celestial Moon pack would stand the vicious attacks by the monsters and the royals at the same time. 
"Tell Alpha Derick to hand over Kellan to the royals," Cane said to Ethan, his voice turned deeper and darker. He didn’t even want to write the letter himself. 
"You have suggested the same thing again, Cane." Ethan reminded him. "This is not the first time Alpha Derick asked this favor. He has sent similar letters a few times already." Though the wording was different, the gist of the letter was still the same. 
"Then he should know what my answer will be." 
"You will lose the Celestial Moon pack if you don’t help them." Ethan narrowed his eyes. "Or do you want to cut ties with Alpha Derick? He is your father’s old friend. You know how close your father was to him." 
"And then he didn’t help us for a whole decade of our slavery," Cane stated it in a matter of fact tone. 
"You know they have been battling with the monsters for their whole lives and Alpha Derick couldn’t send his warriors to help us. More so, it was too late for them." The distance was so great, in that case, they wouldn’t be able to come in time to be of any help to them. 
"Not even a single person to check on his old friend’s family and pack?" The simple question shut his gamma up. 
Sending a whole bunch of warriors would be hard, but sending a spy to check on them wouldn’t be that hard, right? After all, he had ten years to try and come up with something to give them a tiny bit of hope they needed in their darkest times. 
Ethan said nothing, he understood what Cane meant by that. Tactfully, he didn’t pursue the matter further and did what he was told. He sent the same reply that he had written a few times, since the request from Alpha Derick was still the same. 
The gamma didn’t hold any grudge against Prince Kellan, but he thought this was the best solution that should have crossed Alpha Derick’s mind, this should be his first option when the matter related to the monsters and the royal family had gotten out of hand. 
The Alpha should have given up Prince Kellan to the royals in order to save his pack and Cane couldn’t send his people to help because he was stuck with taking care of all the southern packs, which was not a lie. 
The next day, the letter from the Serafim arrived and the gist of it was what Cane had predicted. Iris was summoned to see her because the Serafim was wondering how a runt like Iris could have any healing ability. 
"Tell them to come down here, because the luna is not in good health and can’t take a long trip down to the west. The conflict between the Red Claw pack and the Golden Light pack will make the journey too dangerous for her." 
Ethan grimaced when he heard that. "This is the Serafim we are talking about, is it alright to straight up refuse her?" 
They were in the training ground, Cane was overseeing the training of the three packs’ warriors, as this was their first time to train together. 
The Howling Wolf pack warriors and the Bloody Moon pack warriors had bonded on their way to the Diandem pack, but the warriors from this pack seemed a little bit standoffish to accept that their pack had been taken over by a different alpha. 
Without any words from the current king about Cane’s status, they still couldn’t accept the very alpha, who had killed their alpha to be their new leader, especially when Alpha Adrian’s offsprings were still alive. Though they were still little, they could wait for another year or two for them to be ready to lead the pack. 
It was a tricky situation. 
"Will she send someone to ensure my mate’s safety when we cross the territory?" Cane gave Ethan a look. He didn’t want to be refuted. 
All the people in this continent knew that the Golden Light pack was not to be trifled with, where all the pack members were trained to be warriors, because they had been sending the people that filled the positions of the royal warriors for decades. It was not a simple task to fight them, they needed to be prepared for a full blown battle once they encountered them. 
Knowing how overprotective Cane was of Iris, Ethan didn’t say anything anymore and immediately did what he was told per usual. 
"Ah, Cane," Ethan said, he turned around and approached Cane again. "I forgot to tell you this." 
"What is it?" 
Ethan frowned, the next words were difficult for him. "Oliver’s remains have arrived in the pack, Kaz gave him a proper burial." There was still a lump in his throat every time he talked about Oliver. It would always bother him that they parted ways on bad terms. 
"Okay." Cane nodded in acknowledgement and glanced at Ethan’s complicated expression, as he patted his back and walked away, as if telling him that he didn’t need to be bothered by that. Cane knew what disturbed Ethan’s peace, but the truth must forever stay a secret. 
The letter from Cane reached Abby soon enough and she was not really happy with the rejection, though it did make sense. 
"We can’t take the risk to cross the territory and put the Serafim in danger," Liam said to Alpha Colter and Koda. "You must send someone to get the luna here." 
Koda and Alpha Colter were a little bit pissed off with this knight because he always talked in a commanding tone, and it didn’t sit well with their sense of authority with the positions they held in their pack. 
Not to mention the Serafim failed to cure his great grandson, it tainted the image of the Serafim in Koda’s eyes.
"I will talk to Alpha Nolan to send someone to escort the luna." Alpha Colter broke the silence between them. "I am sure, he will be more than willing to help, after all, it has been a while since he saw his son in law." 
From the territorial point of view, the Winter Moon pack was closer to the Diandem pack, thus it would save them the trouble to cross the Golden Light pack’s territory twice, if they sent their own warriors to fetch luna Iris. 
"Alpha Nolan from Winter Moon pack?" Abby asked. 
"Yes." Alpha Colter nodded firmly and Koda seemed happy with the solution. 
Alpha Nolan was the alpha of the Winter Moon pack, which was the former pack of Aria and Leane, Cane’s destined mate. 
"It will be a reunion for them," Koda commented under his breath and wrote the letter himself to be sent to Alpha Cane, once they got confirmation from Alpha Nolan that he would be the one to personally lead the warriors to meet Cane and his mate in the Diandem pack. 
The letter reached Cane and he didn’t seem to be happy with it. 
"They will be here within three to four days and the merchants from the Karam will arrive a week from now," Ethan said, pointing out the timeline. It was a little bit tight and he thought it would be a little bit hectic if Alpha Nolan came here when the merchants arrived, but there was one more problem. "Are you fine meeting with him?" 
Alpha Nolan was the father of Leane and it would bring back memories from the past. 
For a moment, Cane didn’t say anything, but then he told Ethan to prepare rooms for Alpha Nolan and his warriors. 
"Where are you going?" Ethan frowned when he saw Cane walk away after he gave him the instruction. 
However, the alpha didn’t answer his question and just kept walking away.
###Chapter 593: IRIS WAS CONFLICTED
Chapter 593: IRIS WAS CONFLICTED
Cane expected the Serafim to refuse to come down here because of the safety, or at the very least, alpha Colter would send his own warriors, but he failed to calculate alpha Colter and Koda’s movement, as they sent Winter Moon pack instead. 
It had been so long, since the last time Cane met with alpha Nolan. He should have been retired from his position as the alpha because of his old age, but unfortunately, he always got girls and now he had around fifteen daughters before he got a boy, who was now ten years old. 
This boy was the apple in his eyes, he treasured him so much and spoiled him senseless. That was the last information about the Winter Moon pack that Cane heard. 
Both packs were not really close even when Leane chose to stay in the Howling Wolf pack after she met with Cane, it didn’t improve the relationship between the two packs and actually alpha Nolan asked for the compensation because now Leana was taken to the Howling Wolf pack. 
He asked a thousand of magic stone as compensation and it felt like he just sold his daughter away, he couldn’t care less about a daughter, since he had many of them. 
That was why there was no communication whatsoever even when he learned his own daughter was killed brutally. There was no word from Winter Moon pack about it. 
Therefore, Cane thought, alpha Nolan wouldn’t care much about this matter, what he was curious about was the fact he chose to betray the royal and side with alpha Colter. There must be an interesting deal that play behind such decision, which Cane was not aware of. 
And right now, the first thing that Cane did when he learned about alpha Nolan’s arrival within a few days was to let Iris knew about this. She needed to be aware of their situation. 
After asking a guard about Iris’s whereabouts, he found her was watching Zale and Joel sparing, beside her were Celia and Aliana. The little girl was actually pretty comfortable to hold Iris’s hand and talked to her. The same girl, who would be scurrying away the moment she saw Cane, because the alpha was too intimidating and he looked like he was always frowning. 
The last statement was the only thing she said to Iris and Aliana, which made both of them laughed. 
Cane stopped for a while and when Kian was about to let Iris knew he was there, he waved his hand to stop him, as he stood a few steps away behind his mate, while Aliana and Celia were to engross with the sparing between Zale and Joel to notice him. 
Cane stared at Iris’s joyful expression, as she cheered for both of them, knowing they wouldn’t hurt each other and put the other beast in danger. 
The ray of sunlight fell on her hair and glinted in her blue eyes, those blue color remained Cane of the sky above them, so pure and clean, maybe that was the reflection of her soul... 
Every time Iris was laughing and cheering, Cane smiled with her as well. It was therapeutic to see how she could still find something joyful in this messed up situation. 
She was so warm and full of life. Her laughter was his favorite sound to hear. 
Cane was not sure since when he felt this way toward Iris, but surely, the event when the lycan managed to take over his consciousness there was something snapped inside of him, as if there was this wall that had crumbled and it let him to feel deeper. The lycan enhanced the bond between them. 
But, for Cane, there was more about it. This feeling was more than the bond they shared together. 
Iris was akin to light in the end of his dark tunnel, she was the first warm that blanketed you after a cold day and her presence was the first thing that you would be grateful for even in your worst day. 
Meanwhile, the sparing had ended and Joel won against Zale, which made the young boy was not happy at all. He shifted into his human form and Iris approached the two of them. 
"Are you two, okay?" She asked gently. 
"I am fine, luna," Joel said. 
"Fine," Zale replied curtly and Joel ruffled his hair. 
"Be more polite to the luna," Joel reprimanded him lightly and then noticed the alpha, as he greeted Cane, which made Iris noticed Cane’s presence and went toward him. 
"What are you doing?" Iris smiled brilliantly to him, feeling so happy to see him here, since he had been very busy with a lot of things. 
Cane pulled her closer and kissed her lips in front of dozen pairs of eyes. "I missed you," he whispered against her lips. 
Joel immediately covered Zale’s eyes and Aliana did the same to Celia. 
"Ehem," Aliana cleared her throat. "There are underage children here." 
Hearing that, Iris immediately pushed Cane away, blushing. She didn’t mean to show such affection so blatantly in front of the children, yet the alpha didn’t care much about it. He took his mate’s hand and walked away from there. 
"Walk with me." 
"Okay." 
Iris followed Cane docilely, as he slowed down his pace, so she didn’t need to run after him. 
"Don’t you think they are being more and more affectionate toward each other?" Eron asked Aliana. "If this is a year ago, I will never believe the alpha will look so normal like this." 
"He has never been like this to Aria," Dyne chimed in. 
"Just be happy for your alpha," Aliana said lightly. Honestly, she also didn’t believe Cane would change so much like this. They thought, they would never get to see this side of their alpha again after what they had gone through. 
But, with the mention of Aria, it reminded Aliana of what Ethan had said. Someone had dug the place, where they buried her and they couldn’t find her body. 
There were a lot of assumption about this, but the topic had never been discussed again because they had other important things that needed their attention more. 
However, Aliana wondered what actually had happened there... 
Meanwhile, Cane took Iris to walk leisurely in the garden. This pack was actually very beautiful and there were a lot of variation of flowers, more than Iris had ever seen in her whole life. 
"Is there something bothering you?" Iris asked after they walked for ten minutes and Cane had not yet said a single word. 
"Now you can tell?" Cane raised his brows, his lips curled in amusement. 
Iris grinned and tightened her grip on his hand. "You are easy to read like an open book," Iris teased Cane with the same words that he used when he described her long time ago. 
Somehow, this made Cane laughed, as his mate’s expression was very mischievous. He pulled her into his arms and hugged her for some time. Feeling the beating of her heart against his chest and her scent that engulfed him.
He couldn’t decide whether he like the warmth from her body the most or how her soft, silky curls between his fingers. 
"What is bothering you?" Iris felt so safe when Cane hugged her like this, there was no place she would rather be than in his arms. 
"Alpha Nolan will come within three or four days." 
"Alpha Nolan?" Iris frowned, she was not familiar with that name. 
"He is the alpha from the Winter Moon pack," Cane said. 
"Oh." Only then Iris remembered and realized the gravity of the situation. Alpha Nolan was Leane’s father and she was not sure how to respond to this. "Are you... in bad term with him?" 
Cane buried his face against the crook of her neck, squeezed her body tightly. She felt so small, but comfortable. "Not really. You can say I am in a ’fine term’ with him, but if I can choose, I would rather not to meet with him." 
Cane became more open with Iris. He talked about his feeling more often and let her understood how he processed something or a certain situation, though it was not all, but it was way better than when he didn’t say anything at all and made her obliged his decision blindly. 
"Why does he come here?" 
Cane closed his eyes and savored her scent, her skin was so soft and supple, as he ran his fingers down her spine. 
He told her about the letter from the Serafim and how her healing ability had reached her ear. Now, the Serafim wanted to see her in person. 
Cane also told Iris about the curse on Koda’s great grandson, who they named after his father; Vemion. 
"Do you think you can lift the curse?" Cane asked, he opened his eyes. He was more curious about this answer than anything else. 
Iris thought about it for a while. "I am not sure, but until now, there is no curse that I can’t lift... I purified all the dark magic stone that Haco gave to me without even thinking about it." Iris contemplated for a while. "I think I can." 
Cane’s expression became a little bit complicated. 
"I will cure the curse if I can." 
"Iris, you need to know about this." Cane pulled away from her and stared into her eyes. "The Serafim can’t lift the curse from the baby and if you can help it, I don’t want you to do it." 
"Do you want to make the baby suffered?" Iris was conflicted.
###Chapter 594: HER CONSCIENCE COULDN’T ACCEPT THIS
Chapter 594: HER CONSCIENCE COULDN’T ACCEPT THIS
If the Serafim couldn’t lift the curse, it meant Iris would be put under unnecessary attention if she managed to do it. 
All souls in this realm knew the power of the Serafim and how her power was so different from the magic user. She had the purest soul and power from all, but if the current Serafim couldn’t lift the curse from the baby and Iris actually could do the thing that a Serafim couldn’t, it would bring attention to her, which was something Cane didn’t want. 
The power that Iris held grew stronger after the provocation from lady Cyan, it almost like the shield had been broken and the stream of power that had been held back came to the front. Iris was still learning how to handle it and with Haco current’s condition, it didn’t help much with her progress and it seemed, she needed to figure it out on her own. 
Yet, Cane was not sure how the Serafim and the Holy Kingdom would react if Iris could save the baby from that dark curse. 
"Cane, this is a baby," Iris looked conflicted. She understood what Cane was worried for, but her conscience couldn’t stand it. She couldn’t bring herself to ignore it. 
"Yes, and that the baby that has been cursed, but the Serafim couldn’t do anything about it." This was not about moral, but more about a conflict of interest. 
Iris took a step back, as she was thinking so hard. She had been warned about a potential situation like this and she got the first taste of disagreement upon such situation when they were in the Silver River pack. 
Iris knew it would be so hard if she wanted to keep walking with Cane in this path and she was willing to do it. But it seemed, it was harder than she expected. She had overestimated herself. 
The question was; how far Cane could go? 
"Cane, you promised me you will not harm innocent people, children..." 
Iris needed space, as she took another step back and Cane didn’t try to crowd her with his presence. He gave her time to think and process her feeling. 
"I was not the one, who cursed the baby." 
Technically, that was true, Cane didn’t harm the baby, he only was not willing to help. He didn’t want to expose Iris’s ability more than this. Even now, Cane was still contemplating his decision to get the Holy Kingdom involved in this situation. 
Only if he learned about Iris’s ability sooner, he would be more careful to get the Serafim joined in this mess. At that time, he only thought about the lycan within him and the risk was only on him, but it seemed, he had put Iris in danger more than he did himself. 
"Cane..." Iris wanted to speak, but she couldn’t find the right words to say. 
"You have promised me, Iris." Cane reminded her again and Iris knew he was right. "We still don’t know whether you can heal the baby or not." Cane offered a compromise to ease her guilty feeling. 
"But, if I can, I still can’t help the baby, right?" 
"Yes." Cane nodded and his honest answer didn’t help at all.
"Cane, if the baby died, it would be my fault." Iris lifted her head and stared at Cane. He hated it to see her like this, but he was firm with his decision. 
"If the baby died, the blame would be on me." 
Iris pulled her hair anxiously, her habit whenever she felt uncomfortable. "Cane, I feel like I am dying." 
Cane took a step closer and Iris didn’t move away from him, so he closed the distance between them and hugged her carefully. He didn’t say anything and listen to what she was saying about how awful she felt. 
Iris wished she couldn’t heal the baby, so she could feel less guilty, but then it didn’t make her feel better either. 
They stayed like that for a while with Cane held her tightly, as if he was trying to keep her whole and not to fall apart. 
In a perfect world, the baby would live and survive, but unfortunately, this world was not like that. The baby wouldn’t be suffered in the first place, if it was the perfect world, he lived in. 
At night, Iris was having trouble to fall asleep and Cane put more effort to help her relax and get comfortable. Only after past midnight, his mate finally could close her eyes and her breathing became even, though there was still this small crease between her brows. 
When Cane was about to sleep, there was this knock on the door, which alerted him. He immediately got off the bed before the noise woke Iris up. 
"What is it?" Cane asked darkly, he closed the door behind him and found Haco was pacing back and forth. 
"I am sorry, alpha, but the sorcerer wanted to see you, he said there is something important he needed to tell you." One of the warriors said in apologetic tone. 
Cane Dismissed the four of them and Haco approached him, the old sorcerer mumbled something under his breath, as if he was repeating something, in order not to forget about it. His memories started to deteriorate pretty fast recently. 
"What happened?" Cane asked when Haco stood in front of him with worried expression. He was two heads shorter than him, only slightly taller than Iris. 
"I need to tell you something important before I forgot about it again," Haco said hastily. "Don’t cut me off, don’t ask question and just listen. Do it after I am done because probably I will never remember about it again." 
The sorcerer was well aware of his condition, that was why he didn’t waste his time to come to Cane despite it was being so late at night and demanded the warriors to knock on the door to call him out, or else, he would create more commotion to get the alpha’s attention. 
That was why, despite their fear to disturb the alpha and luna’s rest, they clenched their teeth and knocked on the door. 
"Say it." Cane’s annoyance had disappeared, now he looked very serious, as if he was going to talk about an important deal. 
"There is a forbidden scripture that I had read when I was in the Holy Kingdom about the swords Iris saw in her dream and the one that the Serafim showed her," Haco started. 
========================== 
"Why I can’t cure the baby?" Abby stared at the gloomy night sky, it reflected her mood so well. From the look of it, there would be storm tonight. "This Serafim’s power is for nothing." Abby was so upset of herself because she couldn’t do anything about the baby even when she wanted to. 
She had exhausted herself and had to be bedridden for a day, but there was no improvement from the baby. In the beginning, she could ease the pain a little, but now it seemed her power didn’t have any affect on the little one. 
The more she was trying, the more she disappointed on herself and now she could see how alpha Colter, Koda and princess Laluna looked at her differently, even though they didn’t outrageously mistreat her or disrespect her, but she could feel it. 
"You don’t need to worry," Liam said gently, he sat down next to Abby and peck her cheek. 
Like usual, it was only the two of them alone inside this bedroom. From the outsider perspective, among the other five knights, Abby was closer to Liam, but only a handful of people, who knew what actually happened behind the close door. 
"The curse must be the strong one. If you can’t destroy it, no one can." 
Abby looked conflicted, her bright, red color hair looked like fire, but her face was so pale like ghost. She leaned her head and rested against Liam’s shoulder. 
"I feel so useless, Liam," Abby said in small voice. "I am not as strong as my mother and I can see the disappointment in her eyes when I don’t grow up to be a strong Serafim like her." 
"Serafim Rose was only worried about you, she is not disappointed in you," Liam reassured her. 
"You don’t need to say such nonsense, I can see how she wished it was my healthy older sister, who took the role." Abby frowned. "I wished the same thing." 
"I don’t agree with you." Liam cupped her face between his palms and looked at her deep into her blue eyes. "If you were not the Serafim, I will never have a chance to see you." 
Abby smiled softly. "You are the best thing that happened in my life, Liam." She kissed him softly, but he deepened the kiss by holding her firmly. 
============================ 
Iris opened her eyes and she was surprised to see Cane was still by her side, usually it would be Aliana, who greeted her. 
"Good morning," Cane said, as he pecked her lips, but Iris immediately moved away and covered her mouth. 
She was embarrassed, worried about her morning breath, but Cane simply didn’t care about such trivial thing. 
"You are still here." 
"You are not happy?" 
Iris pouted her lips and immediately went to the bathroom to clean herself. 
"Iris, Haco came by last night." Cane had been waiting for her to wake up to talk about this. Thus, once she returned from the bathroom, he brought up the topic. "He talked more bout the sword and he also told me to give you this."
###Chapter 595: DARK THOUGHTS
Chapter 595: DARK THOUGHTS
Iris approached Cane and then sat on his lap, as he handed her a small, blue pocket. She opened it and found a few small balls inside. 
"What is this?" Iris asked, picked one small ball and smelled it. It didn’t have any smell, but when she was about to lick it, Cane stopped her. 
"It’s poison," Cane said. He took the small ball and put it back inside the blue pocket. "But, it’s not fatal until you mixed it with a certain food." 
"Poison?" Iris widened her eyes. "Why did he give me poison?" 
However, instead of answering her question, Cane stared at her. 
"Cane?" Iris frowned when she received such intense look from him. "What is it?" 
"Haco said you ask for it," Cane blurted it out, because that was what the sorcerer told him. "Now, I want to know why do you need poison?" 
Cane could see a flicker of a complicated thought in her eyes, as she remembered something. 
"Haco told me that you asked him to make a certain poison that couldn’t be detected. He didn’t remember the detail of it, but it stuck in his mind and he only felt the obligation to make it." Cane took the small blue pocket from her hand. "Iris, why do you need poison for?" 
The alpha didn’t seem to mind when he learned his mate was a little bit violence with an elaborate poison, but he only wanted to know why she wanted a poison in the first place more so, for whom that poison she intended to give. 
Iris lowered her head. "I didn’t mean to ask Haco to make me a poison..." she said in small voice, she didn’t think what she said at that time stuck with the sorcerer. It did make sense now that Haco had been working on this for as long as she remembered, so this was what he did when he fiddled with the herbs... 
"Hm?" 
"I was... not in the right mind at that time and only blurted it out because I feel so down." 
Cane adjusted her position on his lap and pinched her chin, so she could look at him. "Tell me, what is it." 
"I..." Iris bit her lip, she looked like she was going to cry. "I swear Cane, I didn’t mean it. I was only rambling at that time because Haco was not himself and I thought he wouldn’t remember what I said. I swear I was not serious with what I said and I only vented out my frustration." 
Sometime, when you felt so low and was very frustrated, your mind went so wild and all you wanted was to get it out of your system, talked it out, until you felt better. 
However, her thought was so dark at that time and Iris was afraid to talk about it to someone else, therefore, judging Haco condition and how he would forget whatever she said, since he was not really himself, Iris thought it would be fine if she vented it out on him. 
She didn’t mean it. She was not serious when she talked about it, she even forgot about it if it was not for Cane’s reminder and how he surprised her with this poison. 
"I swear, I didn’t mean it, Cane..." Iris gritted her teeth, feeling very guilty to even have such kind of thought. 
"Iris." Cane stopped her rambling by kissing the tip of her nose. "I trust you. Now, tell me what happened?" 
Iris was hesitated for a while, because she didn’t think this was something she could talk about, but she was also aware that Cane wouldn’t drop the topic until he got the answer. 
"Sometime... recently, I have this dark thought..." Iris gulped down with difficulty when she tried to elaborate her way of thinking when this dark thought came to her mind. "I can’t stop it... it just came to my mind..." 
Cane listened to her patiently, as Iris tried to string her words coherently to tell him what was in her mind. She kept saying she didn’t mean every violence thought that kept appearing in her mind at the end of her each sentence. Her words jumbled up because of how nervous she was, while Cane caressed her tensed back to keep her calm. 
"... at that time, I felt like I want to kill him." Iris was shaking when she finally admitted it. 
"Who is ’him’ do you mean here?" Cane kept his tone even. 
Iris gulped down with difficulty to shallow back her nervousness. "...Oliver," she said in a whisper. "I hated it when she blamed me for the lycan inside you, I hated it with the way he looked at me, I hated it when he told me how I ruin your life, I hated it when he said I am not good enough for you that I will never be a good mate and..." Iris was a little bit hesitated when she said the last one. "...Aria is better than me." 
After that painful day when they lost so many warriors because lady Cyan launched an unexpected attack on the Howling Wolf pack, Oliver had been very hostile toward Iris. They encountered each other several times and he would always whisper such hateful words to her. 
Iris had never said anything about it to anyone, because she was afraid to be judged and deep down, it started to get into her head that what he said was right. Everything was her fault and she hated herself for it, for thinking that way when she knew she didn’t do anything wrong. 
But, the way Oliver kept reminding her how she was not good enough and how hateful she was, it reminded Iris of the way Mason always spoke to her. How he demeaned her and how helpless she was. 
It started with that and it spiraled into a dark thought that frequently would come to her mind whenever she was triggered, especially when she learned she held such power to kill every shifter who wronged her.
The temptation became so great recently, more so after she got a taste to kill a lot of shifters during the attack from Silver Warrior in the Silver River pack. 
"I wanted to kill him, but I didn’t want anyone to know about it. I was thinking if I killed him with this kind of poison, people would think he got food poisoning and no one will suspect me." 
Therefore, the time when she asked Haco to make an elaborate poison that would only react after you ate a certain food, she had this vicious scheme in her mind. 
"The thought just came to my mind, Cane, but I don’t mean it..." Iris looked down, she felt so embarrassed to even have this kind of thought. "I didn’t think Haco would remember that." 
That was why, he had been fiddling with the herbs. 
Actually... 
It was such a well thought scheme, something that Cane would immediately approve if someone suggested such idea to him, in a certain situation. It was very cunning and using poison had never crossed his mind, since this method usually used by woman to poison their love rival. It was a common practice among the mistresses to use this method. 
However, for men, they used to use different tactic. 
"I felt so bad when I heard Oliver’s death, because I don’t feel sad at all... I feel relief and I feel so bad for having such feeling. I am sorry..." 
Still, it came as a shock for Cane when the idea was from his sweet mate. He didn’t know her mind could be so dark. She was not like this. Did the hatred from his pack member had changed her so much? It must have affected her more than she showed it to him if she was having such cruel thought to kill Oliver and even had it planned, though it was a raw plan, but it was a brilliant one... 
"I am sorry. I didn’t know what I was thinking... I thought Haco would never remember it." 
Iris felt so afraid, she didn’t dare to see Cane’s eyes. Would he be disappointed on her? Would he judge her? Would he hate her and felt so disgusted with the way she was thinking? He must have felt like he had been fooled. He thought she was so innocent and pure, but actually she had this devilish thought... 
"I am sorry, please don’t hate me..." 
"Stop apologizing to me, Iris." Cane pulled her closer, as he cradled her in his arms, while she curled herself and cried. She felt so bad about herself. "If I hate you for having such thought, you must not want to breath the same air as me if you know what is in my mind, Iris." 
Yes, it shocked Cane to learn Iris had such thought, but it was obviously not enough for him to hate her. If anything, it eased his guilty conscience for what he had done to Oliver. 
"You need to be crueler than that for me to even think to hate you, even so I still want you," Cane said gently. 
Iris cried even harder when Cane said he still wanted her, because she always thought no one wanted someone like her, she was never enough. Oliver said it to her, which confirmed her thought. 
"It’s okay." Cane kissed the top of her head, while Iris cried her heart out. "Tell me whenever you have such dark thought, okay, maybe I can use them in my plan." 
"Cane!" 
How he could tease her at time like this?!
###Chapter 596: ANOTHER NEWS FROM HOWLING WOLF PACK
Chapter 596: ANOTHER NEWS FROM HOWLING WOLF PACK
"Master, when will she wake up?" Letto asked Dexter, he glanced at Aria’s sleeping face. She still looked so pale and he couldn’t tell whether she was alive or dead, because theoretically speaking, she had long died. It was against the nature for her to be alive. 
"Soon," Dexter replied curtly, he stared at Aria’s sleeping face. His expression didn’t show anything, but there was this complicated look on his eyes when he stared at the woman. 
"Master, your father will be upset if he learned you still keep her around," Letto whispered to him. The body had grown taller now and became more talkative, but he immediately shut his mouth with one glance from his master and didn’t bring the topic again. "Master, your sister wanted to see you. She has been screaming and throwing tantrum because you have not yet come up with the cure for her eyes." 
The aftermath with the lycan left Cyan blind and some time, she would have this breakdown every now and then because of how frustrated she was for not being able to see anything, especially when their father neglected her, as he focused on the baby. 
Things didn’t look so good for her, but Cyan should have known by now that her father wouldn’t give a crap about her. 
"Send Osana to accompany her, both of them are a good friend, right?" Dexter looked nonchalant. Now Cyan had lost their father’s favor, which had never been there in the first place, Dexter didn’t care much about her. 
Letto grimaced when he heard the order. "Lady Cyan might kill princess Osana." The cursed princess and a blind mistress, both of them were not a good combination, as they had this bad temper. 
"She can do whatever she wanted with her." Dexter waved his hand to dismiss the young boy. 
Meanwhile, on the other part of this palace, inside the king’s bedroom, one could smell the thick scent of blood in the air, but none of the warriors became suspicious of it, they had this same stern look on their faces. 
After all, this was the warriors that had been handpicked by the head of sorcerer to guard the king’s palace. 
However, if one came inside the king’s bedroom, there would only be a cruel sight that would greet you. 
The baby had grown up so much within a few weeks, he looked like a seven years old boy, while his skin started to turn normal. 
But, what more terrifying was the fact his face started to form almost like Alan. This terrified the king so much, as he started to put two and two together... 
============================= 
After their conversation that morning, Cane decided he would keep the poison and Iris didn’t mind it at all. She didn’t mean for Haco to take it seriously in the first place, thus she didn’t that. 
On the fifth day, the entourage from the Winter Moon pack arrived in the Diandem pack and was a long entourage that consist of at least four hundred warriors and seven big carriages. No wonder, it delayed them by a day to reach this pack. 
"Are they going to attack us or what?" Ethan whispered to Cane, as the two of them stood in front of the gate of Diandem pack, waiting for the entourage to arrive, after they got the information they were only a few hours away. "Why alpha Nolan bring so many people with him? I think a hundred or two will be enough to escort Iris and you to reach Red Claw pack." 
Cane didn’t say anything to respond to that, but he knew what the reason for it, it was for a show of power, the same thing that the king did when he arrived at the Howling Wolf pack before. 
The entourage stopped a distance away from the entrance gate and one of the warriors opened the carriage, where an old man came out and walked toward Cane. 
His hair had turned white, but he still had this stern look and intimidating aura surrounded him, aside from looking a little bit old than the last time he saw him, there was nothing had changed about alpha Nolan. He was still this arrogant and standoffish person, who had traded his daughter for hundred of magic stone and then gone. 
Now this man was willing to come to Cane to escort him to the Red Claw pack, there was no way he came with a pure and good intention to keep them safe. 
"Cane," alpha Nolan called Cane once he stood in front of him. "It has been a while since the last time we saw each other." His voice was deep and demanded attention, his presence was so strong, some of the warriors that Cane brought with him furrowed their brows, as they could feel this intimidation. 
"Alpha Nolan," Cane greeted him the same. "It has been a while, indeed." 
"You have grown up so much, Cane. I saw you were still a young boy the last time we met." 
"And I am an alpha now, I prefer to be addressed as such." Cane subtly corrected alpha Nolan and told him how he wanted to be addressed with his title, because it was very disrespectful for not addressing the other alpha with their title, unless the two of you were extremely close to drop the formalities, but heaven knew how ’close’ Cane and Nolan were. 
"Very well." Alpha Nolan was tactful enough not to make a fuss over trivial thing. "Alpha Cane." 
"Thank you." 
They only exchanged a few pleasantries words, but Ethan felt so tensed during this short time. It was a good thing Iris was not there, because Cane wanted to feel the situation first. 
After the tensed exchanged, they opened the gates and let the entourage from the Winter Moon pack to enter the pack. 
Argean and Grory didn’t seem to be happy about this because they hated it when there was another stranger came into their pack and stayed there, as if it was their place, but they couldn’t do anything in their current position and situation. 
On the other hand, inside the pack house, Aliana stayed with Iris in the bedroom, while the luna was playing with her lizard, which was not so little anymore, in truth, it had grown so much. Iris was so happy to see her pet was healthy. 
"Do you know anything about alpha Nolan?" Iris asked, she fed the lizard with a piece of meat and caressed its spine. The color of its skin had turned slightly yellow and a little bit scaly. 
Aliana sat next to Iris, but she frowned to see the lizard. She didn’t like something with scale. 
"I don’t really know about him. I can count with a handful of time when he visited our pack even after Leane became the luna of the pack and stayed with us, he rarely came to visit his daughter." Aliana didn’t know much about alpha Nolan aside from what people already knew about him. "I think he is a fine alpha and his pack is pretty well off too. 
"Oh..." Iris mumbled. 
Aliana nudged her cheek. "You don’t need to worry, alpha Cane didn’t take you with him because he must want to see the situation first. He doesn’t mean to neglect you." 
"Yes, I know..." Iris knew, but somehow, she felt like she was being left behind. "I am hungry..." she said in small voice. 
"Do you want me to get you something to eat? Or do you want to eat here?" 
"Let’s get something to eat," Iris said. She felt a little bit stuffy to stay inside the bedroom for a whole day. 
More so, there was no way Cane would bring alpha Nolan to the kitchen. The kitchen and the other important rooms were in the opposite direction, thus she wouldn’t bump onto each other. 
"Okay, let’s go!" Aliana looked happy to go out. She was even happier when Iris didn’t bring the lizard with her, because the thought of touching that scaly thing made her shivered. 
Outside, the seven warriors immediately followed the two of them. 
"Where are we going?" Eron asked, he looked very sleepy, as if he was going to sleep anytime soon. 
"You look awful," Aliana commented, as she frowned at the warrior. "Wash your face!" 
"You don’t need to follow me all the time, it must be very boring for you all," Iris commented, she felt bad because these seven warriors didn’t have anything to do aside from following her around. "Cane will not be here until evening, I think you can go and find something else to do." 
"No way, I am going to stay," Dyne protested. He didn’t want to get into the alpha’s bad side anymore, twice was enough more than that, he would get someone else to replace his position. 
"Don’t worry about that, luna, we are having fun. More so, having a lot of things to do is not really interesting. It is nice to follow you around," Kian said with light tone and Iris narrowed her eyes because his words sounded so fake. 
"Where are we going?" Asher asked again. 
"To the kitchen, the luna is hungry," Aliana replied. 
"Of course, we will go with you!" They said it at the same time. 
Later that day, they received a report that Sofia was going to labor. She was starting to feel the pain, but the baby had not yet come out. 
At this point when the report arrived, she had been in pain for half a
###Chapter 597: THE TENSION OF THE SITUATION
Chapter 597: THE TENSION OF THE SITUATION
"Of course, we will go with you!" The seven warriors said it at the same time. 
If they were going to the kitchen and the luna was hungry, there would only be one thing that happened and they wouldn’t miss it for anything, after all food was a life! 
Iris laughed to see this and she felt a little bit better, as the seven warriors were rambling about random thing related to food. She felt a little bit closer with them. 
Later that day, not only they welcomed the entourage from the Winter Moon pack, but they also received a report that Sofia was going to labor. She was starting to feel the pain, but the baby had not yet come out. 
At this point when the report arrived, she had been in pain for half a day. 
Ardand, the previous head of healer, who supposed to be retired by now, had been called to come because they were afraid something went wrong with the baby and the mother, since the other healer didn’t have the same ability like Grace or him. 
"What happened with her? Why the baby has not yet come out?!" Redmond barked to Ardand in distress. "She has been in pain for half a day now! Can’t you do something?!" He felt like he wanted to fight anyone at this point, they were so useless for not being able to get the baby out of Sofia’s stomach right away. What a bunch of quack! 
Maria had been staying by Sofia’s side and Kaz had been running around to prepare for the birth of the baby. The head of the steward looked extremely thrilled to welcome the alpha’s firstborn. 
He gathered people to help him with the preparation and right now, all the people were busy under Kaz’s command, but neither of them really cared about Sofia’s predicament, all they were thinking was the baby. 
"Breath, Sofia, breath, you must be strong. You will deliver the baby safely. The alpha will be happy to know you give him his firstborn," Maria kept whispering to Sofia the same thing over and over again, which didn’t help and it irked Redmond to the bone, he felt like he wanted to kick this old woman out, but then he didn’t want to cause a scene when Sofia needed people, who could console her now. 
"I think there is complication, we need to do something about it," Ardand said. His brows furrowed after he checked on Sofia and the baby. 
"What about the baby? The baby is alright, right? The baby is fine?" Maria asked in concern. 
"The baby is fine for now, but if this continued, both of them might be in danger." Ardand took a deep breath, the crease between his brows deepened. "We need to get the baby out as soon as possible." 
Redmond even more frustrated when he heard that. He pulled his hair. "Why do you think you were called to come here, Ardand?! Of course, you must do something!" 
Ardand didn’t appreciate Redmond’s tone. "I just arrived, okay, I just informed a while ago. It’s your fault for not informing me earlier if you want this to get fixed sooner!" 
"Blame that old hag! She was the one, who insisted not to have you here!" Redmond pointed his finger at Maria, who was still trying to console Sofia with the same nonsense. At this point, Sofia’s face had turned so pale and her lips had become blue. 
Maria glared at him for putting the blame on her. "Having a male healer in a delivery room is a bad omen!" she shouted back. "You shouldn’t be in this room too, you bring a bad luck!" 
They still believed that man should stay out of the delivery room and not to watch the woman in pain during the labor, because it could be a bad luck. 
However, Redmond was so fed up. Fuck with bad luck! He would be wherever he wanted! 
"If there is a bad luck here, it’s you!" Redmond roared angrily at Maria, he was on the verge of deciding whether he had to rip her limbs or immediately killed her. 
"Enough!" Ardand raised his voice, he glared at Redmond and Maria. It seemed the hatred between the two of them had ran so deep. "Shut up both of you!" The old healer was truly enraged at this point. "We need to focus on how to give her a safe delivery! Maria, go and find the herbs I need and you, Redmond, go and fetch more hot water! Tell Kaz to stop with the preparation for the baby and help here too! That stupid old man! What is he thinking!?" 
Redmond didn’t bicker, he immediately rushed out of the house and shifted into his beast to get that stupid steward’s ass to his house and helped there, instead of making a futile preparation in the pack house for the baby. 
Meanwhile, Maria immediately got a bunch of list of the herbs she needed to get in order to help with Sofia’s critical condition, as Ardand stayed with her, he tried to channel healing power to give more strength for the mother and the baby, while the other healer waited for his other instruction. 
It was a hectic day and everyone was very tensed, since they assumed this would be a moment they had been waiting for. The heiress for the pack, the alpha’s firstborn. Of course, they would be caught up with a joyous moment. 
But, before the euphoria, they needed to make sure the baby was safe first. 
Sofia kept crying because of the pain, though Ardand’s healing power helped to ease the pain, but it was not enough to make it painless for her. 
"It’s hurt..." Sofia whimpered, as she looked at the old healer by her side with pitiful eyes. She was no longer able to cry, there was no more tears to be shed, because she had been in pain for almost a day now. 
"Be strong, Sofia." Ardand started to be worried. 
"Red... Redmond..." She was in so much pain. "Wh- where is he? Why he is... is not here...?" 
============================= 
"You are really in a good term with the head merchant from Rosantine guild, apparently," alpha Nolan said, as he walked with Cane. He nodded at the white bear that took a nap under the shadow of the tree not too far from them. "That his pet, right? I have never seen it, but I heard he has a white bear. Is he here? I would like to see him." 
Cane glanced at Lil Thing, the bear would sleep anywhere it liked and wouldn’t wake up even when those children of alpha Adrian climbed on top of its body. 
"He is not here, he still has some business to be done in the Riverside pack." This small talk really annoyed Cane. They acted like they were an old acquaintance that had not yet seen each other for long. 
"But, his pet..." 
"The merchant gave the bear to my mate," Cane replied. He knew sooner or later the topic about Iris would come up and alpha Nolan was having this roundabout conversation to feel the situation, but it started to irk Cane to no end. 
"Right, where is your mate?" Alpha Nolan’s eyes lit up when Cane mentioned Iris first, he acted like he forgot about it, even though his main goal to come here was to escort Iris to meet with the Serafim. 
"I have mentioned in the letter that she is sick. Her health is not good recently because of the long journey." Cane lied smoothly, as easy as breathing. Because right now Iris was healthy enough to have a small party inside the kitchen with the seven warriors, Aliana, Joel, Zale, Haco and Celia. 
"It’s a pity, I really want to see her." Alpha Nolan turned his head at Cane and smiled. "I really want to see a woman, who has captured your heart and replaced my daughter’s position." 
Alpha Nolan came prepared and he had heard enough information that mentioned how Cane favored his mate so much to the point, he abandoned his mistress, who was currently pregnant with his firstborn. 
He wanted to see it firsthand how much this man favored that runt. 
But it seemed, that information he had received was true. He tried to put that woman away from this mess, from him. 
"Because we need to go to see the Serafim soon, I think we need to make a preparation and get more healer to come with us." Alpha Nolan went ahead with his plan. "We will leave within two days, so you need to be prepared for that." 
Cane smiled, something that he rarely did, but it didn’t touch his dark eyes at all. "I have never said I will agree to leave that soon." 
The way alpha Nolan spoke it was more like a command than a suggestion. Just like the other alphas saw Cane, since he would be the youngest alpha of all the packs, they didn’t take him seriously, especially when he just got his and his people’s freedom from slavery. 
"We will leave after my mate gets better." Cane stopped walking and opened the door to alpha Nolan’s bedroom. "I hope you have a good rest. I will have someone to call you for dinner." 
Alpha Nolan raised his brows. This was not the young boy he met a decade ago, who was infatuated with his daughter. 
However, he was tactful enough to read the situation. "You are so kind. I will let my healer to check on her."
###Chapter 598: THE BORN OF A NEW LIFE
Chapter 598: THE BORN OF A NEW LIFE
"You don’t need to be worry about that, alpha Nolan," Cane replied calmly. "Our healer is more than capable to handle my mate condition, there is no need for you to be bothered by this." 
Alpha Nolan was as calm as ever. He nodded. "Good. If after the second day your mate is still not ready for a long journey, maybe you need to consider to replace your healer." Alpha Nolan patted Cane on his shoulder. "Don’t surround yourself with incompetent people." 
"Thank you for the advice." 
With that, Cane nodded and left alpha Nolan. The alpha of the Winter Moon pack was right, he shouldn’t surround himself with incompetent people. 
Once Cane managed to free himself from alpha Nolan, the first thing he did was to look for his mate, but he couldn’t find her inside their bedroom. Well, this was not the first time. 
"Where is the luna?" Cane asked the guard, who already had the answer for that, because they knew the alpha would look for her. 
It didn’t take long for Cane to find his mate was laughing heartily to hear hilarious story from Dyne, Celia was sitting next to her and Zale was standing behind her. 
"Alpha!" Aliana waved her hand when she noticed Cane. 
Iris turned her head and her smile was so bright when she saw him, which brought a soft smile to Cane’s lips as well. His gaze softened, but Celia immediately scurried away when the alpha approached the luna. The little girl still felt so intimidated by Cane’s presence. 
The laughter died down and the atmosphere became solemn. 
"You can continue, I will have a talk with Haco for a while," Cane said. He came to get some alone time with his mate, but to see her was being comfortable with the other, he thought it would be nice for her to bond with his personal warriors and new people. So, they would know her better. 
After all, he would get her for himself when the night came. 
"I will see you later. Don’t roam around." Cane kissed the top of Iris’s head. 
"Okay." 
Haco frowned at Cane, he was no longer fiddling with the herbs, but he was not happy to talk with him and missed the detail of the story that Dyne was telling them. 
Yet, he plopped down from his chair and came with Cane outside the kitchen. 
"And then..." Dyne continued with his story after the alpha closed the door and all of their focus was on him, while Celia came to sit next to Iris again. 
=========================== 
It was another agonizing hour for Sofia when she drank the medicine that Kaz had concocted for her, the pain didn’t subside, if anything it only got worst. She felt like her stomach was being squeezed and stabbed harshly. She felt this urge to push. 
"Get out from here, Redmond!" Maria barked at him harshly. "What are you doing here?! There is no man supposed to be here!" 
"That healer is a man if you are so blind to see!" Redmond glared at Maria, while pointing his finger at Ardand. "Enough with your nonsense!" 
"He is a healer! It’s different! Why would you be here in the labor of the alpha’s firstborn!? This is not appropriate!" This time, it was Kaz, who backed Maria up. He was standing at the door, urged Redmond to go out. The two of them were adamant for Redmond to leave the room. 
It was not that Redmond didn’t want to leave, he had had enough with their nagging, but Sofia was holding his hand tightly and he couldn’t pry his hand away from her, as she looked so afraid. 
More so, they wouldn’t be able to predict how they would react, when they saw the baby didn’t have a pair of golden eyes, the absolute sign that the baby was Cane’s child. 
Sofia must have known about that too, that’s why she didn’t want Redmond to leave her side, just in case the situation was out of hand. In the midst of her agony, she was worried about her and her baby’s safety. 
Even though, there was still this tiny bit of hope in her heart that the baby would have the golden eyes that belonged to the royal family, which further proved she was indeed carrying alpha Cane’s child. Her life would be easier in that way, yet she clung onto Redmond right now. 
"Enough!" Ardand roared angrily once again, he glared at Redmond. "Go out!" 
"I will not leave, so you better start what you need to do. If something happened to the baby and the mother, you will need to explain it to the alpha himself!" Redmond hated it, but he needed to pull the alpha card in this situation and what irked him even more was; it did work. 
Maria huffed and puffed, but she didn’t say anything anymore, while Ardand immediately close the door and only people, who were relevant to help during the labor would stay inside the bedroom. 
"I- It’s hurt..." Sofia cried, as she leaned her head against Redmond’s arm, while he wiped her sweat. 
The sight made Maria so mad. This was not propriate for Sofia to be so close with another man, but she couldn’t voice out her dissatisfaction, because they were in this critical situation. 
"You can start to push now!" One of the healers said, she checked on the opening. "I can see the baby’s head!" 
Maria held Sofia’s other hand, while she encouraged her to push. She couldn’t wait to see the baby. 
The sun was almost set out there and the rich red light from the sky spilled into the room, through the window. Sofia’s pale face looked even more concerning under the light. 
Redmond didn’t even realize when he started to kiss her forehead, to give her some comfort. 
At this point, Maria had gone to help with the healer to check on the baby because the process took so long, the baby should have come out by now if they already saw the head. 
This was the first time for Redmond to be in this situation. Seeing how much Sofia was in pain, he couldn’t even process his own feeling. 
The room was filled with the thick scent of blood and it was almost suffocating and the atmosphere was very tensed. 
"It’s okay, you can do it," Redmond whispered to Sofia’s ears, as he held her hand tightly and alternate between wiped her sweat and nudged her face. "You are strong, Sofia. You can do it. You will be alright. It’s okay. I am here." 
Redmond didn’t even know what he was talking about, the only thing in his mind was how to comfort her and let her know that she was not alone. He was not really good to find a nice word to say... 
"I- it’s hurt... It’s hurt..." Sofia whimpered, her breathing became shallow and her grip on his hand loosened. 
"Stay with me, Sofia. Stay with me..." Redmond tried not to panic, but he couldn’t. He started to bark at Ardand and the other healer to get the baby out of her stomach quickly. 
Meanwhile, it didn’t like the other healer didn’t do anything and became so idle, but this was the most difficult labor they had ever handled. They had tried their best. 
"Push again, Sofia! Push again!" Maria encouraged Sofia, as she was no longer care about how inappropriate the way Redmond behaved right now. 
It was so frantic and chaotic and Redmond felt like his heart skipped a beat when he heard the first cry from the baby. 
"It’s a boy! It’s a boy!" Maria cried in joy when she wrapped the baby in her arms. The little one was covered with blood and they needed to cut his umbilical chord first before they gave him to the mother. "It’s a boy! The alpha’s firstborn is a boy!" She shouted again to let the people outside of the room to know. 
But they already heard the crying sound from the baby and now they erupted in joy. None of them asked about how the mother was. 
However, during the celebration and how the joy filled the air upon hearing the heir of the pack had been born, as the room filled with laughter, prays and the crying sound of the new life, not long after that, Maria shrieked. 
"Arrgghh!" Maria almost threw away the baby from her arms, but thankfully, one of the healers caught the baby and reprimanded her. 
"What are you doing?! You almost hurt the baby! Be careful!" 
"That... that... the baby..." Maria stuttered, her finger pointed at the baby, as if the little one had turned into a monster. 
It was a cue for Redmond. He knew what Maria just realized that made her freaked out. 
"The baby! The baby doesn’t have golden eyes!" Maria screamed. She was hyperventilating and was in denial. "No way! There is no way! The baby should have golden eyes! That’s not the alpha’s child!" 
From outside of the room, the joyful cheer died down, while Kaz knocked on the door when he heard Maria was screaming earlier. 
"Maria! What happened! What happened with the baby!" Kaz asked through the closed door. 
"The baby is not the alpha’s! This baby is not the alpha’s baby!" Maria screamed back, answering Kaz’s question. "This woman deceived us! We have been deceived!" Maria howled painfully. 
"What?!" Kaz immediately barged into the room. 
Meanwhile, the healer, who was holding the newborn baby stared in disbelieve when the baby’s eyes were not the color they expected.
###Chapter 599: THE BORN OF A NEW LIFE (2)
Chapter 599: THE BORN OF A NEW LIFE (2)
If the baby was the alpha, he should have the golden eyes for a few days until the color faded away and his natural eyes color appeared. That was why you couldn’t deceive the royal descendent. 
However, this baby didn’t have the golden eyes! The newborn has dark brown eyes! 
"There is no way... there must be a mistake here..." Maria was too shock to be coherent, as she stared at the baby with horror in her eyes. 
However, how could there be any mistake when she was the one, who held the baby first once he came out from Sofia, still bleeding and crying. There was dozen pair of eyes that witnessed it, there was no way the baby could be swapped. 
But, how? How the baby didn’t have golden eyes?! 
"What do you mean Maria?!" Kaz barked, a few people tried to hear the conversation inside the bedroom, as they craned their neck to see what happened inside. 
"The baby is not the alpha’s... no golden eyes..." Maria mumbled, as she kept shaking her head, as if by doing so, she could change the reality she was facing right now. 
"What?! No way! You must be mistaken!" Kaz entered the bedroom and marched toward the healer, who was holding the baby. "Let me see!" 
The healer showed the baby in her arms, that was still bleeding and crying. "The baby doesn’t have golden eyes, Kaz." The healer confirmed what Maria said. 
However, the head of the steward didn’t believe it until he saw it with his own eyes. Upon closer look, you could see the baby indeed had different eyes color than they all expected. 
"This... what is this...?" Kaz staggered back and fell to the ground, he opened his mouth, as if he was about to say something, but there was no word that came out. He was too shock to utter a single word, while his finger pointed at the newborn baby. "No. No. No... this is not happening..." 
Meanwhile, Redmond had enough with their antics. He approached the healer and glanced at the baby, but he didn’t dare to carry this fragile, grumpy little thing. 
"Are you not going to clean the baby?!" he growled at the healer, who was still flustered. 
"Oh... yes, I- I will clean the baby..." The healer immediately went to clean the baby and swaddle him in a warm blanket. 
"What about you!?" Redmond roared at the Ardand and the other healer. "Are you not going to help and stand there like a fool, while watching her bleeding to death?!" 
Ardand and the other healer were still in shock to learn the baby was not the alpha’s, they couldn’t think straight at this point and only followed the motion, as they helped with Sofia and tried to stop her bleeding in order to save her life. 
Outside of the room, the joyful cheer and pray had died down, everything was so quiet, it was so eerie, as they blinked their eyes in confusion. 
So, the baby was not the alpha? The baby was really not the alpha’s firstborn? Shouldn’t she give birth to the heir for the pack? That was what they believed all this time. That was why they accepted her with opened arms and readily welcomed her as part of the pack. What was happening here? 
The healer moved quickly to change Sofia’s dress and cleaned her up, as Ardand channeled his healing power to keep her alive after such gruesome experience and hours of agony, it left Sofia powerless. She was extremely exhausted, but her eyes looked around, trying to see her baby. 
"My... my baby... where is my baby..." Sofia asked weakly. After such commotion and how Maria and Kaz reacted, she knew, there was no way the baby was alpha Cane’s. She was not pregnant with his baby and the man that night was not him, it was Redmond... 
She thought, she would be so sad and depressed, but after life and death experience she just endured, she couldn’t care less about the father. She only wanted to see her baby. This little thing had put her through hell, but she didn’t think she minded it... 
"Give her the baby." Redmond glared at the healer, who was holding his baby. He peeked to see the little thing had calmed down and sucked on its tiny fingers, seemingly wanted to cry again. 
At the same time, Kaz snapped out of his reverie when he heard Sofia’s voice, as if he just realized the gravity of the situation and finally came to his senses. 
"Swindler... a fraud..." Kaz mumbled under his breath and then his eyes fell on the baby before he shifted his hatred toward Sofia, who was still laying weakly on the bed. "Slut! You are a slut! How dare you to deceive us by saying you were pregnant with the alpha’s child! How dare you to give birth to this bastard?!" 
Kaz’s body was trembling when anger coursed through his veins, he charged forward as he shifted into his beast, he was ready to kill Sofia with his own hands. He would rip her apart for deceiving them, for deceiving him! 
He had endured all the pain to side with her when the alpha didn’t want to recognize the baby as his, he had offended the alpha by siding with her and incurred his wrath. He had been in dispute with the luna because he believed this slut was carrying the alpha’s firstborn. 
But now when the baby was here, he was not the alpha’s! Who knew, who was the baby’s father! It could be alpha Gallot’s or some random men she met! Either way, it didn’t make things better! How dare she claimed to have the alpha’s child?! 
Kaz and the other people had endured the punishment and stayed in the dungeon for weeks, they even offended the luna and what they had gotten?! He even lost his position that always be his pride because of this! 
He thought it would be worth it, since he chose the right decision to stand by the future alpha of the pack, but he was so wrong. Completely wrong. 
Kaz’s beast rushed toward bed, where Sofia was still lying tiredly. 
Everything went so fast and they didn’t expect Kaz to be so livid, until this old steward had the intention to kill Sofia, thus when they watched Kaz shifted into his beast, they were too shocked to react in time. 
But, a grey beast knocked him out before he could harm Sofia. The grey beast was bigger and stronger than the brown one, which was no other than Kaz. He was too old to tangle in a fight with a warrior in his prime. There was no way he could fight Redmond in his beast’s form, neither he stood a chance if he was in his human form. 
The grey beast roared dangerously at the brown one, warning him to back off, or else, he would have ripped his limbs one by one, pieces by pieces. 
Maria whimpered, she was trembling, while shaking her head. Tears streamed down her face and she looked like she had gotten older by a few decades now. 
She was a mess, everyone was the same. 
The brown wolf shifted into his human form again and whimpered, because his body knocked on the wall and left a huge dent there. Ardand immediately came to him and check on the old steward. 
"Ho- how dare you to attack me!" Kaz wailed. He was in so much pain. "I am going to kill that slut! That whore has deceived us! Step back, Redmond! Or else, I am going to kill you too!" 
It was laughable. His threat wouldn’t work when he was the one, who needed the healer after such collision. 
Redmond shifted back into his human form and barked at the healer. "What are you doing?! Give the baby to her!" his anger was uncontrollable when he heard the baby started crying, while he stalked toward Kaz, who was still laying on the floor, holding his broken arm. "Do you want to kill me? Do you have the skill to do that?" 
"You bastard! You should kill that woman and that baby to show your loyalty to the Howling Wolf pack!" Kaz barked back, while Ardand tried to make him stopped talking to no avail. 
The old healer could see the situation had escalated quickly and neither of them could think clearly, as they were too engrossed with their emotions. 
"Loyalty?" Redmond repeated the word in mocking tone. "My loyalty is with the luna, not to this pack, you idiot old thing!" 
That was true. It was Iris, to whom he pledged his loyalty to, not the alpha or this pack. He couldn’t care less about this bunch of stupid people! 
"Redmond!" Kaz growled viciously at him, he was very angry, he wanted to kill this warrior from the Blue Moon pack, who had defended the slut, who had deceived him. 
But then, a realization crossed his mind, which he didn’t pay close attention before. The baby’s eyes had the same color like Redmond’s beast. 
Was that... it couldn’t be, right? 
"Don’t tell me..." Kaz was shaking, he was trembling with this new realization that just hit him. He was having a hard time to breath and Ardand kept telling him to calm down. 
"Redmond! Don’t take it too far! You shouldn’t defend the swindler, who had deceived us!" People from the outside of the bedroom started to make commotion. 
"Back down, Redmond! This is none of your business!"
###Chapter 600: THE BASTARD
Chapter 600: THE BASTARD
"What are you talking about with Haco." Iris was walking back with Cane toward their bedroom after she had fun chatted with her seven personal warriors and the other. She looked happy and it could be seen in her eyes, who she walked lightly beside her mate. 
Cane held her hand tightly and watched how radiant his mate was. "The sword," he replied curtly, as he intertwined their fingers together. 
"Did he remember more about it?" Iris became curious and interested to know more about their conversation. 
"No." Cane shook his head. He had tried to ask Haco, whether he could remember more about the swords. 
However, instead of remembering anything about it, Haco actually didn’t remember their conversation that night at all. He claimed he had never met Cane in the middle of the night. When he mentioned about the poison, the sorcerer even more confused, he declared, he wouldn’t be so evil to create a poison for Iris. He also didn’t believe she would ask him such thing. 
’It will be more believable if it’s you, who asked me to make poison rather than your innocent mate. Don’t be ridiculous and framed your own mate.’ That was what Haco said. 
Well, without Iris’s confession about her frequent dark thoughts, he wouldn’t believe it too. 
Cane had told Iris that Haco gave a little bit more explanation about the sword, but there were so many missing pieces that they still needed to figure out. 
Haco told Cane that the sword was located in the Andelus Continent, which made sense, since the Holy Kingdom was in the same continent. From what Haco could recall the location of the five swords had been missing in the same year the lycan occupied his body. 
How could the location of the swords be lost? Because the map showing the place had been stolen. 
And by now, it had been five decades since these swords were last seen and visited by the Serafim. From the scripture that Haco read, the swords could absorb the dark influences from the Serafim and purified her power. Therefore, the Serafim would be often visiting the place. 
But, they needed to have the map of the location to find it, since the place was akin to a maze and you would get lost in it, even if you had gone back and forth, you would never find the location of the swords without the map. 
In that case, since the map had gone missing, the recent generation of the Serafim was not able to purify themselves and probably this was the cause of why the power of the current Serafim declined greatly. The last statement was only Haco’s wild guess, but if one was thinking in that way, that was more than a possibility. 
"The life essence of the first Serafim is within me, no wonder I keep seeing the swords," Iris muttered. Those swords were created by the first Serafim after all. She then glanced at Cane. "Haco only mentioned five swords?" 
Cane nodded. "It is either he didn’t remember it, or there is no mention about the sixth sword in the first place." Cane caressed Iris’s cheeks and tightened the cloak around her shoulder. The wind was rather cold. 
"From what the Serafim showed me, the sixth sword was created in the very last second, as if she didn’t really think about it and only did it out of impulse. I am not sure why she decided to make the lycan as the last sword." 
Iris could feel the emotions of the first Serafim and it was very complex and complicated, let alone her thought, based on that, she was not sure what the cause of the sudden decision. 
"I think, we really need to see the current Serafim to know more about it." 
Cane was not thrilled with the idea. The problem with the Serafim was an entirely different matter. Just because the lycan chose him as his vessel and the first Serafim’s life essence was within Iris, it didn’t make them must jump into the affair with the Holy Kingdom. 
Though, Cane was well aware, this problem would come knocking on their door sooner or later, especially with that mysterious man named Rei, who would be a constant scourge that plagued Cane’s mind. 
His grip on his mate tightened every time he remembered the speed of that man, which even the lycan couldn’t be on par with him. The thought vexed Cane. 
"Let’s thing about all these issues one at time," Cane said. He pointed there was more pressing issue they needed to deal with first, such as the upcoming winter and now there were hundred of thousand people they needed to feed. 
It was not the problem with money, because with the fortune that those dead alphas had gathered, they had more than enough to feed them all, but the problem laid on how they could get enough grain, since the southern land was not blessed to be fertile enough to grow anything edible. 
The fertile area would be the area around the capital city and east continent, which was; Winter Moon pack and Moon Dew pack, even so it wouldn’t be enough to feed the whole pack in the south. 
Therefore, they relied heavily on the merchant. This was one of the reasons why Cane couldn’t leave Diandem pack before he met with them to discuss about grain and also why he didn’t abandon this pack right away, since he saw the benefit in it, though Ethan disliked this pack so much. 
Iris was right, they really needed to see it with their own eyes to decide whether they wanted the pack or not, because it would be different by being here in person and received the report, which someone else’s perspective could be mixed in it. 
"What were you talking about with alpha Nolan?" Iris changed the subject. She had been wanting to ask about this, but only now she could gather the courage. 
"Nothing important," Cane said shortly. Alpha Nolan was the last person he wanted to think about at this moment, let alone to have a conversation about him. 
"Oh..." Iris was familiar with that tone. Cane didn’t want her to pry further, because he didn’t want to talk about it, in which she fell silent. 
A few moment later, before the two of them could spend their time alone behind the closed door, Ethan came to inform them that Sofia had given birth to a son. 
"The plan is in the motion now," the gamma said. 
============================ 
Sofia held her baby tightly against her chest, the pain had subsided a little bit, but she was still very weak. She felt like she was about to fall asleep, but the crying sound from the baby in her arms and the dangerous growl from the beast that guarded her closely against the raging mad of so many warriors from the Howling Wolf pack kept her awake. 
At the very least, there were six beasts, which was the warriors of the Howling Wolf pack, demanded Redmond to step aside, as they wanted to execute Sofia for deceiving them. 
They were in deep impression the baby would be the next alpha in line for their pack and they actually would see the Nortern family would have another member aside from the alpha. 
However, their hope was crushed completely when they learned the baby didn’t have the golden eyes they expected to see. 
Yet, Redmond in his grey beast, didn’t back down at all, even though he was outnumbered by these warriors. 
The room was small, if the fight broke out, there was no way Redmond could protect Sofia and their baby. They would tend to get hurt and the only thing he could do right now was to kill the time until the beta arrived. 
Therefore, he could only let out a warning growl at them to back off, without really trying to attack them first and initiate the fight. The situation wouldn’t be on his favor. 
Redmond cursed Jace within, as he was so late! 
Maria was still crying, she was hyperventilating, while Kaz had these thousand possibilities ran through his mind right now about the baby, as he kept staring at the baby and the grey beast back and forth, but he was afraid to say it, because it would sound so final. 
And the old steward was still trying to hold onto his shattered hope that he could be mistaken and the baby was the alpha’s, or else, he couldn’t face the error of what he had done. 
He had endured the alpha’s wrath and lost his position as the head steward for nothing! 
The baby was still crying and the beasts were growling, but then Jace appeared with a dozen of warrior on his own, which suffocated this small house. 
"SHIFT!" Jace commanded to his warriors and then glare at Redmond because he refused to shift. His instinct didn’t allow him to lower his guard, as he kept his position in front of Sofia and his son. "Shift, Redmond. You don’t help at all by being stubborn like this. Shift." 
The grey beast snarled, but then he shifted into his human form, as Redmond glared at Jace, as if telling him he was so fuck up to be late at this critical moment. 
"Beta Jace! The baby is not the alpha’s..." Maria wailed. Her tears streamed down her face and she was in so much shock. She was in denial right now. "That slut has deceived us... The baby is not the alpha’s firstborn... The baby is a bastard!"
###Chapter 601: THE NEWBORN AND THE PUNISHMENT
Chapter 601: THE NEWBORN AND THE PUNISHMENT
"That slut gave birth to a bastard!" Maria roared angrily. She was so mad, she was having a hard time to breath. She wanted to rip that woman’s face with both of her hands. She wanted that swindler to die! 
She had dedicated his time and energy to help her throughout the pregnancy and even risked everything to offend the luna of the pack, but for what?! She actually conceived someone else’s baby and wanted to pass it as the alpha’s! How vicious and stupid this woman was to think she could do it! 
"You must kill that woman and hang her head on the spike! Hang here there!" Maria stood up, her eyes blazed with rage. 
Yet, her rage was nothing compared to what Redmond felt at this moment when he heard how this old hag cursed at Sofia and his son! 
His blood boiled and he was seeing red. Anger ghosted under his skin, as his body trembled. He was about to shift again and shred Maria to pieces for saying something like that! 
However, Jace saw it first and he jumped between him and Maria, just in case Redmond got his anger out of control. 
"SHUT UP!" Jace roared, his voice demanded their attention, slightly distracted them from the hatred that was so thick in the air. "Sofia had deceived us by trying to pass the baby as the alpha’s firstborn! She has committed a grief crime for doing so!" 
"Yes! That’s why she needed to be killed!" 
"Hang her head!" 
"Lash her to death!" 
"Maim her limbs!" 
All of them shouted angrily, suggesting the cruelest punishment possible that they could think of. Of course, they had a lot. The slavery taught them how to be cruel and they had gone through the same thing in the past, watching their fellow pack member died in the most horrendous way. 
Hearing how they wanted to kill her, Sofia hugged her crying son tightly, she was so afraid as she cried as well. She didn’t mean it in this way. She didn’t mean to deceive them, she wanted the baby to be the alpha’s too. 
But right now, the alpha was not here and the only person, who stood by her was only the father of her child. Redmond had his back faced her, those broad shoulders were so tensed and she could feel the anger that rolled off his body. Weirdly, she found a little bit comfort in it. 
At the very least, Redmond was not going to back down, he promised to make sure she would be alive. The alpha had spared her life too if she was willing to cooperate. 
And now, the baby had been proven was not his, Sofia was left with the only option she had to keep her head intact. 
"ENOUGH!" Jace snarled at all of them, forced them to shut their mouth, as he glared toward all the people in the room. 
Ardand and the healers had scurried away, as they were too afraid to say anything related to this problem. Compared to the warrior, they were not very vocal to show their disappointment and anger. 
"This situation has been informed to the alpha and we will wait what punishment she will receive!" Jace growled at them all, but this answered didn’t satisfy them. 
"We need to kill her, beta!" 
"There is no need to wait for the alpha! We know the rule! The alpha will kill that woman eventually!" 
"Kill her!" 
"Kill her!" 
"We must uphold justice!" 
This was a nightmare, this was the most horrendous situation Sofia had ever experienced, this was even worst than when the pack was being attacked by the people from the Blue Moon pack and the royal warrior. 
Surrounding by people, who wanted to kill you was horrifying, Sofia couldn’t help it, but wet herself. She didn’t even realize it... 
"Do you want to go against the alpha’s decision again!?" Jace barked at them viciously. "At first you tried to say how the alpha is so heartless to leave a woman, who was pregnant with his child alone! Have it crossed your mind the alpha wanted to make sure the baby was his before he claimed anything?! But you bunch of idiot jumped right away into a conclusion and claimed the baby as the alpha’s!" 
Maria and Kaz lowered their head, they were the loudest people, who wanted to kill Sofia, but now they didn’t even dare to see the beta when his angry glared fell on the two of them. 
"And you two! You rallied the people behind you and claimed her as the alpha’s mistress when the alpha didn’t say anything about it! You are so lucky to have your head still intact after countless time disregarding the alpha’s decision and humiliated our luna!" Jace walked toward the warriors. "Now you want to disregard the alpha again!? By deliver the punishment without his permission?!" 
Silent fell so hard inside the room, as they stopped screaming cruel thing how to kill Sofia. 
"If you feel disappointed, that’s what you got when you don’t think with your head and only listened some rubbish! You listened to Kaz that the baby is the alpha’s, even though he had never put his claim on the baby, neither to this woman!" 
Kaz was shaking, he felt his chest tightened when he heard the truth in Jace’s voice. The alpha had never said the baby was his, he had never regarded Sofia as well. Not even once he acknowledged Sofia. Kaz should have seen that. Cane was not so heartless to neglect his own flesh and blood... 
"And now you want to go ahead and disregard the alpha again?! If you listened to Kaz more than our alpha, why don’t you go ahead and make him your alpha instead?!" 
Jace’s last statement sent them to their knees, as they were trembling in fear. They wouldn’t be so brazen enough to do such a thing, the thought would never cross their mind at all, because it was too harebrained. 
"We will not dare to do such thing, beta!" 
"We will not dare!" 
Kaz and Maria pressed their forehead against the floor and they looked so pitiful when fear washed over them, as the flashes of what they had done appeared before their eyes. 
Now they could see how wrong they were, the memories of what they had done scared them to death. The audacity they had was appalling. 
"SCRAM ALL OF YOU! Before there is any word from the alpha, no one of you will do anything to her and the baby or else, I will count that as a betrayal and death is the only thing that suit a traitor!" Jace was enraged, his voice made them scrambled on their feet and immediately left the house. 
"Nice speech," Redmond said sarcastically. "It will be great if you grace me with your presence earlier before they started whining." 
"I didn’t think the situation would be that bad, I was writing a report first." 
"Yeah. Can’t you see? I almost killed all of your warrior and they begged for my mercy?" Redmon didn’t stop with his sarcasm. 
There was only the three of them inside the bedroom with the crying baby and Jace’s people were outside of the house, guarding this place, just in case the other warrior tried to barge in, which highly not likely after how Jace grinded them with his harsh words. 
Jace rolled his eyes dramatically. "A ’thank you’ will be nice for saving your ass, though." 
"What should I thank for? Your people created their own illusion and now they are angry because reality kicked them in the ass. What delusion people you have in your pack, Jace." 
Jace closed his eyes, he tried not to be provoked by Redmond’s annoying words and changed the subject. 
"You will go with them to the Riverside pack and wait there until further instruction from the alpha. A carriage will be here later at night." 
"Okay," Redmond said without feeling enthusiastic at all and then glanced at the baby in Sofia’s arms. "Can you do something to stop the baby from crying? How could that little thing have a loud voice?" He frowned. 
"You are the father, why don’t you carry your baby and calm him down?" 
Redmond was deep in thought. "I have never carried a baby before. That thing is too fragile." 
"’That thing’ is your baby, Redmond." Jace shook his head. In the end, he called someone to get a healer to take care of the baby. 
"The baby must be hungry," Nea said, she was the healer, who had cleaned the baby before. "You need to feed him first, Sofia." 
Sofia was too exhausted, she didn’t know what to do. "I- I can’t hold the baby." 
"Let me help you," Nea said and brought the baby closer to her, as she pulled down the collar of her dress. "Let the baby latches on your breast." 
Redmond was flabbergasted, he had never seen a baby was being fed before, but it was Jace, who dragged him out of the bedroom. 
"What are you staring at?" 
"What?!" Redmond protested, he wanted to say he was the father, so what the problem with him watching his son was eating, but then the complain died down in his throat. 
It didn’t take long before the baby stopped crying and fell asleep. Half an hour later, Nea came out and informed them that the mother and the baby had fallen asleep. 
"But, I need help to clean her up, because I think... uhm. She wetted herself," she said sheepishly.
###Chapter 602: THE NEWBORN AND THE PUNISHMENT (2)
Chapter 602: THE NEWBORN AND THE PUNISHMENT (2)
"I can’t believe it... the baby is not alpha Cane’s..." Nala said breathlessly, as Lou thrusted her from behind very slowly. This merchant was so annoying, even when they were making love, he could find a way to annoy her to no end. 
When Nala begged him to go faster, he would go even slower, which made her so mad, but she needed to keep her anger in check, just in case this eccentric merchant would kick her out and stopped taking care of her. It could happen, since he was very unpredictable. Nala couldn’t read this man at all. 
The more she tried to study him, the more confused she was. 
But when Nala asked him to slow down a bit because she couldn’t take it, he went even faster and then pulled out from her and finished it himself, which left her hanging with sexual frustration. It happened often, but sometime, when he was normal enough, the sex with him was not that bad. No, it was actually great, because he could be a considerate partner... 
However, the problem was; this merchant was so rare to appear normal. 
"Hm... that damned alpha..." Lou whispered to Nala’s ear, he was vexed by the news. Cane must have planned all of this, that was why he didn’t care about that pregnant woman, who claimed the baby was his. 
He had never paid attention to the woman, who conceived his firstborn, instead of being happy, he actually neglected her. But then, knowing that alpha, Lou had this feeling that everything had been predetermined. 
Cane rarely did something out of impulse or had no meaning at all, there must be more into it. 
"Lou, faster please..." Nala whimpered, this man drove her crazy, but then she freaked out and growled in anger when Lou actually pulled out from her and finished it himself. "You bastard!" Nala was very frustrated with him at this point. 
"What?" Lou smirked, he tilted his head, as he cleaned himself. "I don’t want you to get pregnant. I do you a favor, you should thank me." 
"If you don’t want me to get pregnant, you shouldn’t have fucked me in the first place! More so, I drink my tea! I don’t want to get pregnant with your child too!" 
"Ouch! That hurt my ego. Many women begged for my offsprings, for you not to bear my child, there must be something wrong with your head." Lou stared at Nala innocently and she hated it when he acted all na?ve. It didn’t suit him at all. "And for reminder, it was you, who were the one offered yourself to me, remember? If you don’t like it, you can go. I have never told you to stay." 
With that statement, Nala clamped her mouth. This merchant must know she had nowhere else to go, that’s why he could say something like that so easily, knowing she wouldn’t go anywhere. 
"Sometime, you need to take care of yourself, you know." Lou winked at her and then drank his alcohol. It was almost midnight. 
Meanwhile, Nala sat on the bed, her body was so hot, she felt very uncomfortable with this built up tension, but she was no longer in the mood to do anything about it and this feeling was so suck! 
"Oh, I see you heal well. The medicine worked." 
"Yes, thank you," Nala said with hard edge on her voice. She was grateful for Lou’s attention about her scars, but this merchant so weird. She had never met someone like him before. 
Yet, there was time when her heart was so warm when he paid attention to small thing she said, which was something no one had ever done to her before, such as; when she said she felt like she wanted to eat a certain meal because Sabian brought her the same thing again and again, and the next time, the meal was exactly how she wanted. 
Lou was also generous with his gift, as he adorned her with rare diamond whenever he was in a good mood and she said the right thing that cheer him up. 
"Hellooooo." Lou waved his hand in front of Nala’s face, because she didn’t respond when he spoke with her. "Did the tension is too much for you to shut down your brain?" 
"Wh- what?" Nala was thinking about another thing, she missed the question. "What did you say?" 
Lou frowned, he approached her on the bed again and pulled away the blanket that covered her nakedness. "I told you we are going to leave to the Riverside pack tonight, two hours from now. You need to pack your thing." 
"Oh..." Nala didn’t hear that, but then her eyes widened when Lou caressed her inner thigh. "What are you doing?" 
"Sexual tension is not good for your brain, you become stupid. I will give you a hand here... or a finger." Lou was so casually when he talked about it and inserted one finger against her opening, which made Nala gasped. 
"N- no need." Nala tried to push him away, but she couldn’t help it, because it felt good. "You are going to back away." 
"Promise, I will be good." Lou inserted one more finger, which sent Nala to edge and he kept his words to be good until she got her release. "You are a handful..." he complained. 
========================= 
"Do you think by staring at the baby he will miraculously get up and walk by himself to the carriage?!" Jace was so stressful with this warrior. He had been waiting out there for a few minutes, while Redmond supposed to go inside and get the baby, but he had not yet come out. 
When Jace found him, he was staring at the baby that stared back at him with his sweet smile. 
"We don’t have time for this, Redmond! You delay our departure!" Jace was so upset now. Redmond had carried Sofia to the carriage and they were ready to leave to the Riverside pack, but here he was, staring at his newborn. 
"I told you I don’t know how to hold a baby!" Redmond protested. He had told Jace countless time he didn’t know how, but the beta thought it was very ridiculous for him to not know how to hold a baby. 
"Damn it, Redmond. You are the father, at least, give it a try!" Jace pushed him away and carried the baby himself. During their slavery, there were so many women gave birth to the child they didn’t want it. Some of them graceful enough to take care of the baby, even though the baby was a constant reminder of the nightmare they had to go through, while the other was not so kind with that baby... 
Therefore, it was common thing for the men in the Howling Wolf pack to know how to hold a baby, based on that, Jace could do it with ease when he carried the baby in his arms. 
"What are you staring at? Do you want to stay here?" Jace walked out of the bedroom. 
"How can you hold the baby easily?" Redmond followed behind him, amazed by Jace’s skills. 
The beta rolled his eyes, because it sounded ridiculous. "Instinct." 
"Do you think I don’t have instinct?" Redmond frowned, but they were already in front of the carriage and Jace gave the baby to Sofia, who was laying down on the bed, her face was still pale, but she looked better than before after resting for a while and eating. 
"Nah, you are only a little bit dull some time." 
Redmond and Jace turned their head to the source of the voice and found Lou was approaching them. He raised his hand in greeting, while behind him, a woman followed. She was Nala and Jace almost forgot about her existence, since he almost had never seen her after the attack. He thought, she had fled somewhere. 
But now, seeing her with Lou, he remembered unimportant report that mentioned she was with the merchant. 
"What are you doing here, Lou?" Jace narrowed his eyes, especially when he saw there was a carriage behind the merchant. "Going somewhere?" 
"I am going to Riverside pack. I will check on the tunnel." Lou shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. 
"You should have gone two days ago," Redmond pointed it out. "Why are you still here?" 
"You are so rude," Lou said with a frown. "I am tired, okay. I need to rest too after working so hard to keep this pack away from the monsters that lurked in the mountain. They are being so mean and active because winter will come soon." 
"And now you chose to go to the Riverside pack at the same time with me?" Redmond scoffed. "Do you think I will believe you if you said this is a coincident." 
"I never said this is a coincidence. I did go at this time on purpose." 
Jace held Redmond’s shoulder and pushed him back. He knew, they would only waste their time to bicker over nothing. "Go now, Red, you need to reach the Riverside pack as soon as possible." 
"I heard the baby is not the alpha, so it’s true?" Nala chimed in, she stood next to Lou and the merchant clicked his tongue because he didn’t like it when a woman got into his business. "So, where are you going? Shouldn’t the alpha punish that woman?" Nala ignored the heated glare that burned her cheek from Lou. 
"That’s none of your business, go and fuck around with someone else if you have free time!" Redmond growled. He had enough for people wanting to kill Sofia.
###Chapter 603: REDMOND JUNIOR
Chapter 603: REDMOND JUNIOR
It was a long and tiring day and Redmond didn’t have any patience left to deal with Nala’s nonsense. This was the kindest words he could think of among the other obscenities and insults that swarmed in his mind right now. 
Especially to this woman without status. Without her father, she was nothing and the king as her backup, she was literally nothing. 
"I wonder, why do you keep her alive when her father was someone, who wanted to kill your alpha and created trouble for your pack?" Redmond threw a nasty look at Nala, which made her flinched. This warrior had a sharp tongue when she didn’t attack him at all. "Seriously, I wonder how your alpha gave out punishment. For a daughter of a traitor to be alive and still talking, it’s way too merciful." 
It was not that Cane didn’t punish Nala, he simply didn’t care about this woman to the point, her existence was forgotten. More so, she was only a pawn and had no value whatsoever. There was no information that Cane could dig from her neither she was important enough to be used, she had no connection to anyone powerful, which meant she couldn’t be utilized for any plan in Cane’s mind, based on that, her existence was not a concern. 
"Nah, you know the alpha is very twisted, he even mated with his enemy’s daughter," Lou remarked the fact that Cane not only didn’t punish Iris for her father’s sin, but he adored her now. 
However, when the merchant said that, he pulled Nala behind him, but he squeezed her wrist tightly, until she grimaced in pain to warn her to stop spouting nonsense. She had caused unnecessary trouble. 
Yet, Lou was curious why this warrior was so livid when Nala suggested that? It did look like he was ready to snarl and kill someone for hinting to kill that swindler. 
Interesting... 
Redmond flared up and Jace held his shoulder to keep him from shifting into his beast. "What now? You fuck her? You two like a pathetic lover!" It was so clear with the gesture that Lou showed to him. 
"What now? You fuck her? So, you are angry because she insulted your baby’s mamma?" Lou mimicked what Redmond said. He tasted the water and the reaction from the warrior brought a small smile on the corner of his lips, but he tightened his grip even more when Nala was about to speak, too shock with what he was hinting at Redmond. 
Nala gritted her teeth and sucked in cold breathe, she felt her wrist would snap if Lou put more pressure. How could this man be so strong? He was not a shifter! 
But with the pain, Nala couldn’t speak anything, she had to endure it until the conversation was finished. 
"Enough!" Jace roared. He could sense the merchant was trying to feel the situation and he would be damned if he got something from this exchange. "Go to the carriage now, Redmond! You will go to escort her to the Riverside pack!" 
"Don’t you dare to give me an order!" Redmond snarled at Jace, but he went to the carriage and start riding away with a few warriors that Jace had prepared to go with him. 
Some of the warriors, who were there and didn’t know any detail about the whole situation, were confused why the beta told them to go to the Riverside pack. What about the punishment? Why the alpha let go of someone, who had fooled him? But, actually, it was them, who were fooled, because Cane had never once showed any indication he accepted Sofia and her baby... 
"What? I can’t go to the Riverside pack now?" Lou asked Jace innocently after the small entourage that took Sofia away was out of their sight. "I have work to do, you know. I am busy. More so, I can go with them, since we have the same destination. The more the merrier, don’t you think?" 
Jace was speechless. It was so tiring to deal with Redmond and Lou at the same time. "I thought you are tired, you should have gone to the Riverside pack two days ago when you finished your job here." He reminded Lou of the same thing again. 
"What? I can’t take my rest? I am ready to go now." Lou frowned, he was unhappy. 
"Take one more day to rest, to make sure you are ready to work again. I don’t want to overwork you." Jace wanted to delay this merchant, at the very least, he shouldn’t tail Redmond’s entourage. 
Yet, the beta should have learned by now that he couldn’t do that to Lou. 
"Don’t you dare to give me an order, beta Jace." Once again, Lou mimicked Redmond’s reaction and then turned around with Nala close to him. He literally tossed her inside the carriage and slammed the door, as he told Sabian to start moving. 
Jace watched how that red carriage took the merchant away from the pack. 
"Should we stop him?" One of the warriors approached Jace. He watched the entire exchange and thought they should stop the merchant if the beta told him not to leave. 
Jace scrunched his brows, shaking his head. "No. Let him go." 
Having worked with him during his stay in this pack, as he put the magical device to prevent the monsters from coming to their pack, Jace learned Lou’s character well and it was safe to say that it would be a futile attempt if he were trying to stop him from leaving. 
More so, the alpha wanted the tunnel to be done before winter came. 
Right after the red carriage left and Jace was about to go back to the pack and write his report to Cane, Kaz approached him, he was panting and looking around, as if he were searching for something. 
"Beta Jace, I heard you will take the slut to the Riverside pack? Why would you do that?" Kaz asked incredulously. The news about Sofia was leaving to the Riverside pack was too sudden, more so, it was in the middle of the night, most of the people were sleeping peacefully at their houses without realizing the slut had gotten away and now she was gone. "Where is she now? Is she still inside the house?" 
Jace’s eyes hardened when he stared at this old steward. Good thing he was going to retire soon. 
He had known Kaz for so long, but he had change so much and he was no longer the person he once respected. He disliked the people, who questioned their alpha’s order and blatantly disrespecting him. 
"Go back to the pack house, Kaz," Jace said, trying to keep his calm. 
"Beta, where is that slut!? Why the alpha let her go? Will she get the punishment?" Kaz couldn’t stop rambling. He rushed here immediately, as soon as he heard the news. He couldn’t sleep, he couldn’t drink, he couldn’t eat because of this heavy feeling in his chest. 
"You have crossed the line again, Kaz. Whatever the alpha did, he didn’t have any obligation to explain things to you." Jace stared at him sharply. 
Kaz flinched slightly. He was muddleheaded with so much grievances. The more he thought about his action, the harder it became. 
"Th- that’s not what I meant..." Kaz stuttered. 
"Do your job well and teach Carla all the things she needs to know, you still have five more months before you retired. At the very least, you need to respect the alpha’s last order for you." It was so rare for Jace to talk so sternly at Kaz, therefore the old steward was slightly taken aback and couldn’t utter a single word, especially when Jace reminded him of Cane’s last order, the words stung really bad. 
However, when Jace was about to leave, Kaz gathered his courage and asked sheepishly. 
"Beta Jace, may I know when the alpha and the luna will return?" His voice was so small, like a whisper. 
"I don’t have any idea," Jace answered truthfully and then walked away. 
Meanwhile, on the way to the Riverside pack, Redmond stayed with Sofia in the carriage, as he frowned watching the baby latched onto her breast. She was feeding their son. 
"He just ate two hours ago, why he keeps eating? Is that normal? It’s time to sleep, right?" Redmond couldn’t understand this little thing. His body was so small, but he ate too much. He was only a few hours old by now. 
"Babies don’t follow such routine," Sofia said. She stared at her baby softly. She couldn’t believe he came from her. He looked so pure and unreal. This blissful feeling was hard to describe. 
"So, when he will sleep? Will he keeps eating every hour?" Redmond was so curious, it sounded so dumb for him to not know anything about it. 
Sofia closed her eyes and gathered all of her patience, Redmond had been asking her these silly questions for hours now, since they left the Howling Wolf pack. He had been grumbling because Lou followed them and he couldn’t shake him off. 
"I don’t know and yes, Nea said he will be hungry all the time." Sofia tried to be calm, because the baby could feel her agitation and now, he scrunched his brows, uncomfortable.
"You need to feed Redmond Junior with meat, drinking milk will not make him full." 
"Pardon me?" 
"What?" 
"What silly name you called my son with?" 
"What? Redmond Junior. We need to call him with something, right?" 
The baby started crying and Sofia had enough. "Get out!"
###Chapter 604: HARMLESS PERSON
Chapter 604: HARMLESS PERSON
Shiver ran down Nala’s spine when the merchant showed such strong hostility toward her. This was the first time, he glared at her very viciously, as if he was going to strangle her to death. 
Nala feared for her life when she was in the hand of the king, but this was different kind of fear when the easy going Lou looked so menacing like this. She didn’t dare to raise her head, neither she had the courage to breathe a little bit louder. She wanted to disappear and make him stop staring at her, it was very suffocating. 
While Lou said nothing, the silence was heavy. 
"Lou, I am sorry..." Nala said in small voice. She was so scared out of her wits right now. All the possibility came to her mind and she couldn’t help, but thinking the worst and the worst thing possible that could happen was; this merchant killed her, because that’s how it looked like. 
"Next time," Lou finally talked, but his voice sounded like a growl. "Next time if you were going to butt on in a conversation, remember that I am going to toss you out on the street or feed you to the monster. Understood?" 
Nala nodded vigorously. "Y- yes, understood." 
Next time. 
She could breathe in relief right now because it meant Lou gave her another chance and she would make sure she didn’t blurt out anything without his permission. 
"Sit outside, I don’t want to see your face!" Lou growled and slid down to sleep on his bed inside the carriage, while Nala clambered out to sit next Sabian, as the old man controlled the horses. 
She tightened her cloak around her body because it was a cold night. 
Sabian glanced at her, felt a little bit pity because Lou was so harsh, but then he understood his master better. When he was in a fault mood, it would be better if you stayed away from him, because he could do something irrational. 
"Here, drink this. You will feel a little bit warm," Sabian said, giving Nala his waterskin that filled with alcohol. 
Nala accepted it and he was right, it made her body felt a little bit warmer, but her heart was still so cold, she was still shaking in fear. 
Meanwhile, the other carriage ahead of them was as quiet as the night, since the baby had fallen asleep. 
Redmond was kicked out of the carriage by Sofia because his question agitated her, but once there was no sound from inside, he went to check on the woman and the baby and found out the two of them had fallen asleep. 
With a frown, Redmond stared at the baby, he pursed his tiny lips and clutched onto Sofia’s front dress. 
The red hair warrior kept staring at the little one with complicated gaze and then raised his hand to nudge his cheek with his finger. It felt so soft and squeezy, but it made him deepened his frown. 
The softness of his cheek was so strange and he was not familiar with it. 
"So, this is the thing inside her stomach..." Redmond murmured to himself and then immediately scurried away when the baby creased his soft brows, he was afraid this little thing cried again, so he stopped bothering him and stayed beside the coachman. "Ride the carriage slowly, I will get a headache if the baby woke up," he warned the warrior beside him, looked unhappy. 
"I still can’t believe it, the baby is not the alpha," the warrior started talking, because the night was so long and he needed to voice out his grievance, unfortunately, there was only Redmond there. "We are really waiting for the new member of the Nortern family." 
Redmond scrunched his nose, the topic irked him. "Ck. You believe your alpha unconditionally, but when he didn’t even want to claim the baby and the woman as his, you made assumption and foolishly believed your own imagination. If there was someone at fault it would be you and your stupidity." 
The warrior glared at him. "It’s easy for you to talk like that because you don’t care." 
Redmond shrugged his shoulder. "You are right, I don’t care. Your alpha doesn’t care, then why do you care?" he scoffed. 
"Because this is my pack and the bloodline of the alpha is very important." 
"So, are you going to accept all those pregnant women knocking on your door one day and claiming that they are pregnant with the alpha’s child?" Redmond looked at the warrior beside him disdainfully. 
"We assumed that woman was pregnant with the alpha’s child because Kaz believed that!" he retorted a little bit angrily, but Redmond had none of it. 
It was such ridiculous excuse. 
"How stupid. If you believed the old maid and the old steward’s words more than you believed your alpha, you should make them your alpha and luna, they make a great couple actually." 
========================== 
As much as Cane didn’t want for Iris to meet with alpha Nolan, he couldn’t prevent them to not meet with each other for too long, especially when this alpha had actively sought her out. 
On the third day he was in the Diandem pack, he ’happened’ to bump onto Iris and her warriors as she was on her way to see Zale because Zephyr said he was sick after training under the rain yesterday. 
Yes, the rainy season had started. 
The young shifter would get sick easily because their healing ability had not yet fully developed, especially for a young one like Zale, who used to be underfed and now he trained himself excessively because he wanted to prove himself to Iris. 
However, on her way to see him, she bumped onto alpha Nolan. 
"Auburn hair and blue eyes," Alpha Nolan remarked. "You must be Iris, the luna of the Howling Wolf pack, Cane’s current mate, right?" 
The unnecessary word of ’current’ didn’t go unnoticed by Iris. If he meant ’current’, it meant there was a previous luna before her, which was very true, since it was his daughter. 
"It’s a pleasure to meet you, alpha Nolan," Iris said politely, while the seven warriors behind her tensed up. They knew the story about this man more than Iris did and the complication of his appearance here. 
There was no explanation to why the alpha didn’t allow their luna to meet with him and Iris also was well aware of that. 
But to think they would bump onto each other right now felt very suspicious to say this was only a coincidence. More so, the alpha was away to take care of something with Ethan. 
"You look well." Alpha Nolan stared at Iris closely. This was the first time they met each other and from what he heard the new mate of Cane was a runt and she was deaf. 
But, when he arrived here, he heard she was able to hear now and performed healing ability. This was why she was called to the Red Claw pack to meet with the Serafim there. 
It would be such a blow for the Holy Kingdom if this runt was able to cure the curse on the baby, while the Serafim couldn’t. 
"Thank you for your concern and medicine, I am feeling better now." Iris tried to keep her composure, despite the tension in the air. She handled it well enough. 
"Did you drink the medicine?" Alpha Nolan raised his brows. Amusement danced behind his eyes when he heard that. "I don’t know that Cane could be very careless to actually give you the medicine. An alpha shouldn’t have done that and he should be more careful." 
Iris pressed her lips lightly, she knew this alpha was trying to drag Cane down in front of her and his people. 
They received the medicine from alpha Nolan and Cane checked it with Grace, just in case this alpha was up to something and had a hidden intention to harm his mate, but even after the healer confirmed the herbs were alright, Cane still tossed it to the fireplace. 
However, there was no way Iris would tell alpha Nolan about that. 
"We have our healer to check on the medicine." She was not lying when she told him this. "More so, Cane will not be so rude to throw your genuine gesture." Well, Cane was indeed very rude in this case. 
Iris defended her mate for being called reckless. They just met for a few minutes, but he already pissed her off. 
"After all, you were his destined mate’s father." 
Iris knew this was what Alpha Nolan wanted to talk about and it would be better if she just ripped the bandage off and started the topic, since it was inevitable. 
Hearing this, alpha Nolan’s eyes glinted with amusement. He didn’t think the rumored runt could be this standoffish in front of him. Wasn’t she supposed to be a docile one? She looked so small for shifter, she stood at least a head and half shorter than the seven warriors behind her, but you couldn’t overlook her presence. 
Her auburn hair and her blue eyes were very distinguished, but there was more than that. 
"This is very presumptuous to think that way." Alpha Nolan smiled, he looked polite and respectful. "But, I wonder one thing, have you ever met with the Serafim from the Holy Kingdom?" 
Iris shook her head and told him, she only knew her name. 
"Both of you look so similar, especially with your blue eyes. I wonder if your mother was from Andelus continent." His eyes scrutinized her carefully.
###Chapter 605: LEANE’S FATHER
Chapter 605: LEANE’S FATHER
Her origin was a question now ever since they discovered the complicated fate between the lycan and how he recognized the first Serafim’s life essence inside of Iris, which they strongly believed that was the reason why Lu chose Cane to be his new vessel after Haco. 
Her father was alpha Gerald and everyone knew about his bloodline, since he was the alpha by birth, but then there were not many people had knowledge about her mother and as long as they know alpha Gerald took fancy of her, impregnated her and then she died because of illness when Iris was one year old. 
People didn’t pay enough attention to her mother or her origin because even though she was a luna, she was not alpha Gerald’s destined mate, neither her personality made her stood out among the other women alpha Gerald had at that time. 
Just like Iris, her mother was so timid and didn’t speak if it was not necessary. 
Therefore, there was not many people knew about where she came from and why Iris had her auburn hair and blue eyes. What Iris learned about it was because she got it from her maternal grandmother, yet, no one had ever seen any shifter with the same color of hair and eyes like her. It was very particular. 
"I wonder about the same thing," Iris replied casually. "My mother died when I was so young and I don’t even remember her face. People said she was beautiful and kind." 
Alpha Nolan nodded. "I have never met your mother, but seeing you, I am sure you took after your mother, because Gerald was not a kind person when he was alive." He glanced at the seven warriors behind them. "They can vouch for that." 
Iris could feel it when this alpha subtly nudged the sensitive topic between her and the people in the Howling Wolf pack. 
This was not the first time and obviously enough, it wouldn’t be the last. 
"I am glad Cane killed him. He deserved that," Iris responded nonchalantly, which took alpha Nolan by surprised. 
Even though she didn’t like her own father, but for someone so timid like her to admit that openly, it still looked out of character of her, but then upon closer look, alpha Nolan could see he had underestimated this young luna. 
"You are so cold for someone, who is talking about the death of their parent." His voice was even, but there was something he tried to hinting. 
Iris gave alpha Nolan her sweetest smile, knowing what game he was playing. "He has never been a parent for me. He never saw me as a daughter, so it will only fair if I have never seen him as a father either." Iris tilted her head. "After all, most of the father will cherish their son more than their daughter, right? They saw their son as someone, who will carry their bloodline, while the daughter will only be seen if they held some value." 
Iris sighed dramatically. 
"Some of them even sold their daughter away, as if they were only a mere commodity. Those people are truly the lowest creature, same like my father." 
Iris didn’t even hold back when she badmouthed her own father and all of them knew what she was trying to say, because it was well known how alpha Nolan treated the mate bond between Leane and Cane as a bargaining chip to get as many magic stones as he could. 
The seven warriors tried to hide their smile of how smooth Iris handled the situation with alpha Nolan, they worried for nothing. Their luna was still as sweet as ever, but surely, being with their alpha taught her a thing or two of how sharp your tongue could be. 
On the other hand, alpha Nolan didn’t look bothered at all. He had so many experiences under his belt to react negatively to such comment, all he did was smiling at Iris, but you wouldn’t be able to read what was in his mind. 
Instead of reacting to Iris’s statement, he focused on the original topic. 
"You must see the Serafim and you will be able to tell how familiar the two of you are." Alpha Nolan continued the topic as if there was nothing happened. "Someone might mistake you two as siblings." 
"When the time comes, I will see her sooner or later, after all, that’s what your purpose to come here, right alpha Nolan." Iris was a little bit wonder, how similar the two of them until alpha Nolan said something like that. 
"That’s right." Alpha Nolan agreed. "You can go now if you like, you look healthy enough for a long journey, we don’t need to wait for Cane to give you permission to leave." The way he talked about it, as if Iris’s every movement was controlled by Cane and it painted him in a bad light. 
"Oh, Cane didn’t forbid me to go, I only don’t want to go if he didn’t come." 
This alpha from the Winter Moon pack was old, but shifters were built differently, even when they aged, they would still look intimidating and the way he carried himself would make you think not to mess up with him, he appeared to be kind and an easy person to talk to, but Iris remembered what Cane had taught her. 
’People like Alan and king Aeon are people, who are easier to read and handle than the people, who appeared so calm and collected, because you will have a hard time to read their true intention.’ 
And alpha Nolan belonged to the latter. 
’Every man in high position has their own ambition and will scheme their way to achieve it, while men in lower rank will trick and cheat to raise in rank. You can’t believe them.’ 
In another words, Cane taught Iris not to believe anyone so easily, even he himself had his own plot and scheme under his sleeves. 
"Since you look so well now and we apparently meet here by accident, why don’t we have a walk, while we are talking to know each other more?" Alpha Nolan suggested. He looked harmless and talked to Iris in fatherly tone. 
Zephyr was about to chime in and politely reject the offer, but Iris had answered him first. 
"It will be my pleasure," Iris said, smiling sweetly. 
If it was in the past, she would have been flustered and didn’t have any idea what to do, but being with Cane for a year taught her a lot of things. More so, she was not as clueless and defenseless woman as before. 
She could protect herself and kill this alpha if she felt she was in danger. This ability really boasted her confidence and as someone, who used to be threatened in her entire life, this was very liberating to be able to stand head to head with your interlocutors or someone, who had every intention to intimidate you. 
Alpha Nolan approached Iris and both of them walked together around the pack house. She told him that she was going to see Zale and Lil Thing and this interested the alpha more. 
There was nothing to hide about her healing ability, since the Serafim had heard that and alpha Nolan also had seen Lil Thing before. 
However, Eron didn’t go with them, as he went away to report this to Cane. 
"This is interesting to know that you are more powerful than the current Serafim, luna Iris," alpha Nolan said casually, as if he was not hinting at anything. 
"You make another presumption, alpha Nolan. It will consider an insult for the Holy Kingdom if someone misinterpreted it," Iris replied solemnly. "We all know how words can be twisted when there are so many lips talked about it." 
The six warriors behind Iris looked at each other, as they shared a secret smile among them to hear how their luna could talk smoothly with a seasonal alpha like Nolan. Indeed, their alpha’s influence had rubbed on her eventually. 
Iris was right, the word could be twisted and the last thing they wanted was to be on bad term with the Holy Kingdom. This was Cane’s main concern too when he said he didn’t want her to cure the baby. Iris was still conflicted about that decision... 
"My apologize again, luna Iris." Alpha Nolan was so polite, it was almost thrilling to see a person like him didn’t look down on her like the other alphas used to do. "You are right. Words can be sharper than claws and destructive enough more than a cursed beast." 
Iris pretended not to hear the last statement about the cursed beast, because right now the lycan was feared by all the people more than the monsters after the death of the king. 
But, in twisted way, she couldn’t imagine people feared Lu, who always seemed moody and clingy whenever he took over Cane’s consciousness. It didn’t make sense in a way. 
Thankfully, alpha Nolan didn’t try to be a nuisance anymore, as he watched closely how Iris healed Zale with her white lights. 
"I just learned this," Iris replied to alpha Nolan when he asked, since when she learned healing power. Before, he could only purify the black magic, but now Haco taught her how to improvise her power whenever he was not so sleepy and senile. 
But their conversation didn’t last for long because not long after Cane came and the room was very suffocating with two alphas gave off the feeling of domination. 
"Alpha Nolan, may I know what are you doing here?"
###Chapter 606: HIDDEN INTENTION AND SCHEMES
Chapter 606: HIDDEN INTENTION AND SCHEMES
"Alpha Nolan, may I know what are you doing here?" Cane asked darkly, his black eyes fixed on the man in front of him. 
"I only want to greet your new mate, Cane. You don’t need to be so hostile. It’s not like I am going to harm her with a lot of warriors that you put around her." Alpha Nolan shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. "She said she will show me the bear and I am so interested to see the creature." 
"I will show it to you," Cane said curtly. 
Seeing this, alpha Nolan chuckled lightly. "Luna Iris, you should get used to the alpha’s overprotective nature. He did the same thing to my daughter too. He was even willing to give up hundred of magic stone for Leana to stay in his pack." He clapped back with the way Iris talked to him earlier. 
What alpha Nolan was trying to hint was so clear as day, he compared Iris and Leana. No, he wanted to say the treatment Iris received was still not on par with the way Cane treated his daughter. He tried to subtly create a discord between them, to see how this couple would react. 
"Are you trying to remind me of how you tried to sell your own daughter for a couple of hundred magic stone? Because that’s the attitude you showed my father when you suggested the price for Leane to stay in the pack," Cane replied. He looked so calm, that kind of calm before storm and this room was too small to be able to withstand it. 
Cane stretched out his hand and pulled Iris to his side, while the warriors looked so tensed outside of the room, they were ready to jump and secure Iris and Zale if things went south, because they believed their alpha would be able to handle alpha Nolan. 
But surprisingly, the young boy didn’t show any sign of fear at all, he stared at the two alphas back and forth. He felt a little bit better, but he still looked pale, yet his eyes shone brightly when he watched the tension situation before him and this didn’t go unnoticed by Cane. 
Strangely, this young boy had a gut bigger than some full fledge warriors. 
"Oh, you misunderstood me, Cane." Alpha Nolan still conveniently forgot how to address Cane properly. "I thought that was a decent amount for a betrothal gift for my dearest daughter. I have never thought you will see it as me selling Leana away to you." 
Iris could sense how tensed up Cane was. It was not like him to be so riled up, he had been very adamant for her not to meet with alpha Nolan and here they were, cramped in a small room with a subtle of hostility and bitterness in the air. 
"Stay away from her, Nolan," Cane warned him sternly. Since alpha Nolan refused to address him with his title, Cane didn’t see the need to be polite with him when he didn’t receive the same respect. 
After saying that, Cane positioned Iris in front of him because he didn’t want her out of his sight, but before he could leave, alpha Nolan reminded him again. 
"I can see how the luna is already healthy now, don’t you think this is the right time to leave to the Red Claw pack? I don’t like to receive letter after letter about when we are planning to go. Alpha Colter can be so whinny." Alpha Nolan nodded at Iris. "She is healthy enough to perform healing power on that boy. I think if you don’t want to leave, I can take her just fine with me. After all, the Serafim asked for her, you don’t need to come with us." 
Cane pushed Iris lightly outside of the room and the other warriors immediately surrounded her to walk her away from this brewing storm between the alphas. 
"She is my mate, I decided where she will be." The merchant would arrive and Cane needed to deal with them first before they marched to the Red Claw pack. "She is not going anywhere without me." 
Alpha Nolan smirked. "There." He clicked his tongue. "You show your weakness, Cane. You did the same mistake again when you show how much you are being affectionate with your mate. You put the target on her head. Both of us know the basic rule of this world, when your enemies couldn’t take you down, they will start looking for your weakness and you flaunt her around." 
Alpha Nolan shook his head. 
"You and your father are the same; na?ve and stupidly in love. That’s the reason why the Howling Wolf pack fell from its grace a decade ago." Alpha Nolan approached Cane. "Don’t start to complain about me not helping you in the past, because its your pack and she was your mate, if you failed to protect them, then its your fault to begin with. Keep showing your affection toward her and you will see how she died because of it." 
His words really hit the nail on the head. 
Men from the Howling Wolf pack were different, as they still held their old tradition faithfully to be only with their destined mate and most of them performed fidelity. They were also more affectionate with their mate. 
Therefore, this was a glaring difference of behavior, which most of the shifters saw it as weakness. 
"Cane, this is a fatherly advice for you," Alpha Nolan softened his voice when Cane didn’t say anything. He looked affected so much by what he was saying earlier. 
The death of Leane still left a huge hole in his heart, especially when he was reminded that was his fault when he already felt that was indeed his mistake for not being able to protect her and their son. 
"Take more mistress, so your enemy will not focus on the woman you really favor, it will keep her safer, especially when she can’t protect herself. We are going out to battle the royal and the dark sorcerer after all. If you really care about her, you will know what to do." 
Alpha Nolan’s eyes glinted with victory when he saw the way Cane was deep in thought. He patted his shoulder and then left the room, but once alpha Nolan disappeared, Cane’s eyes hardened, there was a flicker of wickedness in his black eyes, as a vicious smirk appeared on the corner of his lips. 
Iris couldn’t protect herself? 
A year ago, Cane would believe that, but right now, he knew his sweet mate could end their lives if she wanted to. For the better or worse, she had the lycan wrapped around her slender fingers, not to mention how she could strangle your wolf spirit by only thinking about it. That was what Iris told him about how she helped them during the attack from the Silver Warrior. 
Cane was still trying to figure out what Nolan’s true intention was, but he was sure with one thing; he wanted to sow discord between him and Iris, but what for? 
"Alpha, you don’t think to take a mistress, right?" Zale suddenly opened his mouth, he didn’t look happy and he didn’t even bother to hide it, how pissed he was to think his luna would be cheated on. 
Cane almost forgot about this little boy inside the room, until he spoke with his hoarse voice. 
"What if I do?" Cane usually didn’t engage in this kind of conversation, but this young boy was very interesting. He was not afraid to die, he didn’t even give a shit that he was the alpha. He was so brave, but borderline dumb. 
His bravery could get him into trouble if he didn’t know how to read the situation and Cane didn’t want such person to be around his mate, yet still, he praised this young boy’s gut. 
A low growl vibrated from the young shifter, as his eyes turned menacing, such eyes shouldn’t belong to a boy around his age. 
"Are you going to kill me now?" Cane raised his brows. It was interesting to know what kind of answer he would give him. 
"I will not be able to kill you now, but I will find a way to do it if you really take a mistress." Zale openly showed his hostility. 
"Very loyal, huh?" 
"Luna Iris saved my life and gave my little sister a proper burial, I will dedicate my life for her. My life belongs to her." 
"I don’t think she wants such burden." 
Zale gritted his teeth. "I will not be a burden for her!" 
"Listen Zale," Cane called his name, instead of degrading him with the fact how young he was, which showed, he talked to him equally. "I praise you for your bravery, but if you don’t know when to shut up and read the situation, you will bring my mate into unnecessary trouble if I let you stay with her. So, its either you learn how to control your anger, or I can kick you out from her side."
"I will not go anywhere!" 
"Control your anger, Zale. If you let people see through you, you are done." This young boy had potential, he was so loyal to Iris somehow, but his attitude was even worse than Redmond. "Come to me when I am free, I will teach you a thing or two." 
After saying that, Cane left the room, leaving Zale dumbfounded with his parting words. He didn’t think the alpha will spare his time for him. What he was going to teach him?
###Chapter 607: THE ENRAGED OF THE YOUNG WARRIOR
Chapter 607: THE ENRAGED OF THE YOUNG WARRIOR
By the time Cane approached Iris, she was with Lil Thing, thankfully alpha Nolan heed his warning and left her alone, at least for now, because it was easy to see that he would try again to find a way to talk with his mate. 
"Is the bear dead?" Cane stared at the sleeping bear, this creature only lived to sleep, eat and play. Of course, he could tell the bear was sleeping, but one could wish, right? 
"Cane, you are so mean," Iris complained, as she rubbed the spot where fur started to grow on Lil Thing’s wounds. "Lil Thing has helped us a lot, be nice to it, okay." 
The seven warriors watched the interaction between them and they couldn’t help, but bewildered to see their alpha was actually being scolded. 
On the other hand, Cane said nothing, he stared at the bear for a while and grabbed Iris’s elbow to help her stood up. "Walk with me," he said. 
Iris followed him to walk toward the training ground, they needed to cross this area to reach the pack house, because currently they were in the warrior’s quarter. 
The growling sounds and the barking of people could be heard in the distance, as almost all the warriors were fighting against each other, either in their beast form or in their human skin. 
Most of them was the warrior from the Howling Wolf pack, Bloody Wolf pack and Diandem pack, but there were some warriors that Iris just saw for the first time, they must be the warriors from the Winter Moon pack, joining in the training. 
Among these people and beasts, Iris could find Joel, he was fighting against a man bigger than him in their human skin. A crease appeared between Iris’s brows, as she halted her steps to watch. The look of worried on her face. 
Noticing Iris stopped walking, Cane followed her line of sight and immediately knew what made her anxious. 
"He has recovered well. He will be able to handle him." Cane put his hand on Iris’s back to ease her tense. 
"It’s not fair. The man is obviously older and stronger than him. He just recovered, he shouldn’t have strained himself." Iris was upset because the match was not fair. 
"Strength is important, but it’s not the only aspect to win a fight." Cane glanced at Iris, who gave him a disapproving look. "Watch and you will understand." 
Iris wanted Cane to stop the fight, but they already started it. Somehow, she saw Joel as a little brother and became so attach with him. She didn’t want anything bad happened to that sweet young soldier. No, she didn’t want anything bad happened to the people she cared. 
"Don’t do anything," Cane warned Iris, as if he could read what was in her mind right now. 
"I will not," Iris replied defensively, but both of them knew that was questionable, since she was still weighing her decision if that burly man really did hurt Joel. 
Not to far from them, Joel fought the man bravely, there was not an ounce of fear in his clear eyes, as he focused on his opponent. He looked calm and collected, as he dodged the attack. He didn’t fight back and the only time he did, he almost got his opponent and clawed the area around his neck. 
The man was stronger than Joel, but the young warrior was way more agile than him. He moved and dodged with ease and attacked at the right time with wonderful precision. 
Iris gasped and clutched her chest when Joel missed his opponent’s attack by a hair. The young warrior’s face was almost clawed and surely it would leave damage on him. It seemed, his opponent had become frustrated and now he was mad, his attack became even more lethal and it didn’t feel like a training anymore. 
"You need to ask someone to stop this," Iris said. "It is very obvious he is going to kill him." She tugged Cane’s front clothes to get his attention, while Ethan, as the judge, didn’t do anything. The gamma’s eyes fixed on them, but he didn’t seem like he was going to stop this anytime soon. 
"Just watch, Iris," Cane replied simply, as he rubbed her back, yet it didn’t help. 
Iris looked around her, all the warriors had stopped with their training and watched the battle between the youngest warrior and the warrior from the Winter Moon pack, gradually, their focus were solely on them. 
Iris’s seven personal warriors watched with seriousness on their expression, but neither of them tried to stop the fight. 
This was very new for Iris to watch the warriors were training, but most of the time they were very civil and there was no hostility, neither killing intent involved, not like this one. 
"Cane..." Iris whimpered, she screeched when a harsh punch landed on Joel’s face and he stumbled back, but quickly regained his footing and dodged the next attack. 
"Don’t do anything, Iris." Cane put his hand around her waist right now and squeezed it as a warning for her not to do anything and as a result, the alpha got a glaring look from his mate, for a second, Cane even thought Iris would attack him instead for stopping her. 
But then a second later, there was this long and painful roar that split the heavy atmosphere and the tension in the air, as the man dropped to his knees, holding his neck that was bleeding profusely. 
Somehow, when Iris threw Cane a dagger look, Joel managed to get to his neck and harm him, which the end of the fight. 
Grace immediately came to check on the wounded warrior, as people from the Howling Wolf pack cheered for Joel. 
Kian and Asher exclaimed their excitement, while Dyne and Eron teased the young warrior, even though because of the distance, Joel must not hear them. 
Only then, Iris sighed in relief, she didn’t realize how tense she was until now. 
"He is young, but he is a good warrior," Cane simply said, but when it came from him, it was a rare praise that would make Joel had a hard time to sleep because of how happy he was to be praised by the alpha, only if he heard this. "Let’s go." 
Cane took Iris’s hand and continued to walk toward the pack house. 
But before she left the area, Iris could see Joel walked toward his opponent and hatred glinted in his clear eyes, it was a shocking sight to see because a moment ago, when he was in a fight, he looked so calm and collected, as if there was nothing could disturb him. 
But right now, he showed so much hostility that Iris didn’t think he could have. 
From the distance, she read what the young warrior said; 
’Don’t you dare to badmouth my luna again, or next time, I will slit your throat.’ 
Iris was taken aback, because someone as sweet as Joel could say something very vicious like that. Based on that simple statement, she could figure out what happened. This warrior from the Winter Moon pack must have talked bad about her and this triggered Joel. 
This was not something new for Iris and she was already used to it, but still, having someone stood up for her and was angry on her behalf was a very pleasant feeling. 
A small smile appeared on the corner of Iris’s lips, while her heart became so warm. She felt like she wanted to cry and think how silly she was to cry over something like this. 
Iris shook her head and followed Cane. 
"What did he say to you?" 
"Nothing important," Iris replied in small voice. She shook her head and Cane stopped walking, he pinched her chin and lifted her head to look at him in the eyes. 
"What is it, Iris?" Cane asked calmly. 
Iris knew she was not a good liar, especially in front of her mate, thus she told him the conversation between alpha Nolan and her. The alpha didn’t really attack her or openly show his ill intention, but a few remarks from him was enough as the evidence that he wanted to sow discord between her and Cane, for what purpose? They still needed to figure it out. 
"What do you think about that?" 
"Nothing." 
"Iris." 
Iris sighed deeply. "I feel so bad to think I am only a replacement for you and you are with me because of the mate bond between us and whatever thing that bound us together." Iris didn’t blatantly talk about Lu, but Cane understood. "With Leane it’s love, but with me, it’s more like an obligation." 
Iris felt bad to think that way, but the more she felt bad about it, the worst her feeling became. 
"Don’t be silly, you are not an obligation." Cane leaned over and captured her lips gently, while the seven warriors suddenly took extreme interest to the nature around them. 
The next day, the news about Sofia arrived and this caused an uproar among the warriors and people there, as it turned out the woman didn’t give birth to alpha Cane’s child. The child didn’t have the golden eyes that represented the bloodline of the royal. 
All the warriors were so angry with how they were deceived. 
Meanwhile, Cane set his plan in motion, as he sent a warning letter to alpha Gallot, demanded his explanation, since he was the one, who sent Sofia to his pack. 
But, as a reply, there was a letter from the palace. 
King Alan demanded Cane and Lou’s presence in the capital city.
###Chapter 608: THE CHANGE IN THE SITUATION
Chapter 608: THE CHANGE IN THE SITUATION
"Beta Jace!" Maria rushed toward Jace when she saw him. She has been so depressed because of the revelation and only now she came out of her bedroom. She looked haggard. 
Jace stopped walking and turned around to face her. 
"What is it, Maria?" He was going to take care of something, he didn’t have a lot of time to deal with her if she was going to pester him about Sofia’s punishment like Kaz did. 
There was a deep crease between Jace’s brows, he was being impatient. 
"Uhm... I only want to ask something." She looked uncomfortable when she mentioned this. She averted her eyes and stared at her fingers. 
There you go. 
Jace thought her question would be the same like Kaz, after all they were on the same page regarding Sofia a few days ago. 
"I don’t know when the alpha will deliver the punishment for her, okay, so you can stop asking me about it." Jace really didn’t have time for that. 
"No, no, that’s not what I want to ask!" Maria said hastily. She grabbed Jace’s sleeve to prevent him from leaving. "I only want to know... uhm, when the alpha and the luna will return?" 
Jace rolled his eyes. He knew why Maria asked this question. The old woman must be very guilty toward their luna and to make it up for her, she wanted to start treating Iris nicely. Kaz had asked the same question too. 
The beta wanted to rub it on her face for not treating Iris the way she deserved in the first place, but he didn’t have a heart to do it when he saw how she looked extremely remorseful. It was Maria’s luck to talk about it with Jace, if it was Hanna or Redmond, both of them would have eaten her alive with their harsh words. 
"I don’t know, Maria. There are a lot of things to be taken care of out there. A year or two, maybe..." 
Maria grimaced when she heard that. A year or two was so long... 
"If you happened to send a message to the alpha, can you include this to the luna too?" Maria fished out something from her pocket and it was three red leaves. "It’s a good herb for body. The luna used to be very sick, right? Can you give it to her?" 
Jace wanted to say that Grace was there and with how overprotective Cane was with his mate, there was no way he would let anything bad happened to her. More so, Jace was sure Iris was in her best condition right now. 
However, he still accepted it. 
"Okay. Anything else?" Jace took the three leaves. He was not sure what were they, but Grace must be able to tell. 
"No. No." Maria shook her head. "Only tell them to take a good care of themselves. I pray for them." 
Maria still felt a little bit awkward to wish a good thing for Iris alone, thus she generalized her pray. 
Jace nodded and then left, but Maria didn’t feel better. She felt devastated because she couldn’t make up for her mistake when the person that she had been wronged was not even there. 
This was a gruesome feeling. 
Meanwhile, in the Diandem pack, the rumor about Sofia spread like wildfire. 
"That slut was not pregnant with the alpha’s child!" 
"We shouldn’t have believed it when she appeared and claimed herself to be pregnant with alpha Cane’s firstborn!" 
"Kaz and Maria made it seem real!" 
"I can’t believe it we have been deceived all this time!" 
"I feel so bad to even be happy for the alpha when he didn’t even want to claim the baby as his in the first place, until it was proven!" 
"I know, right? The alpha didn’t want to claim the baby and the woman, but it was Kaz and Maria, who treated that slut as if she was the alpha’s mistress!" 
"We shouldn’t have jumped into a conclusion so fast." 
The uproar of the news about Sofia’s baby spread among the warriors, not only the Howling Wolf pack, who talked about it, but the other warriors from different packs also had something to say related this matter. 
One could only imagine what kind of chaos that was brewing in the Howling Wolf pack. The anger from the people there and how they wanted to shred Sofia to pieces to even dare enough to fool them. 
Thankfully, she was no longer in the pack, because it was really not safe to be surrounded by wolves that salivated to eat you alive. The only thing that held them back was the fact the alpha had not yet given them the order for the execution and now the said woman had been secured to different pack with the baby too. 
"People is talking about Sofia and the baby," Aliana said, she let Iris knew what was going on with their surroundings, just like what Hanna always did, as both of them kept Iris on the loop and updated her with the latest news and situation. 
Aliana was struggling with her hair. Even now, she still couldn’t get a grip of how to style her thick and curly hair, while Iris stared at her through the mirror. 
"You don’t seem surprise." Iris observed Aliana’s expression, she talked about it lightly. Albeit Aliana had never stated she believed Sofia, but there was no trace of surprise whatsoever on her face. 
Aliana glanced and then grinned at Iris through the mirror too. "Ethan told me." Which meant, she had known about it beforehand and who was the father of the baby. "I hope the baby doesn’t have red hair, it will be the easiest thing to tell who is the father." 
Iris chuckled. She missed Redmond nagging and wanted to know how he handled the baby. Maybe this time she could annoy him, like he used to do it with her. 
"Now people already knew about it, I am sure they will start to come around and see how wrong they have been, especially how they wronged you." Aliana gave up. She pulled up Iris’s hair and tied it, as an accessory, she put a blue ribbon on it to match her eyes. This has been Iris’s style lately. 
"They despised Sofia now, but it doesn’t mean they will like me all of sudden, Aliana," Iris replied. "I am fine with how thing now." She had Zale, Joel, Zephyr and a few people that she knew cared for her genuinely and that was enough for her. 
"Thing will get better." Aliana clapped her hands, done with Iris’s hair. 
"I hope." 
Yet, the truth was; thing didn’t get any better, because a message came from the palace, where king Alan demanded Cane and Lou’s presence. 
The problem was; because the capital city had been attacked by monster lately and it was further proven that the magical device the merchant had built didn’t work, the king would punish the merchant and Cane was summoned because Lou was currently working for him. 
The king wanted to know if there was a conspiration behind it, especially when the previous king died in the Howling Wolf pack. The investigation about it would be held. 
"This is ridiculous!" Ethan growled. He slammed his hand against the table out of anger. "That brain damaged king accused us of what? Conspired with Lou and killed the previous king?! While the real culprit is them!" 
Half a year ago, Cane was summoned to the palace because Ethan attacked Alan, who was the crown prince at that time, but now the alpha was summoned again because Lou couldn’t do his job right. 
"Like father like son. Why would they like to summon you to come to the palace?" Ethan grumbled. 
Currently, the two of them were in the study room and Cane had been very quiet ever since he received the message, the gamma wished Iris was there, so she could ask him what was going on inside of that brilliant head of his alpha and what kind of plot he was currently brewing now. 
"Cane, what are you going to do with this?" This must be the third time for Ethan to ask the same question. "My dearest and lovely alpha, at least tell me what are you going to do!" 
Yes, Cane explained a little bit more to him lately, but it didn’t mean there would be time when he fell back to his old habit. 
Cane finally gave the gamma his attention, but the corner of his lips curled in disgust with the way Ethan addressed him. 
"Where are you going now?" Ethan was dumbstruck when Cane was about to leave the room without giving him any explanation. He didn’t even say a word to him, as he left him in his dissatisfaction. "Ugh! Sometime I hope this is the lycan! At least, I know what he is going to do!" 
If it was left to Lu, the lycan would surely raise a war with the royal and annihilate all of them. 
Meanwhile, the alpha went to his bedroom to look for his mate. He thought, he wouldn’t find her there, since she loved to roam around and currently it became a habit of her to rebel against him. 
But, Cane found his sweet mate was reading near the window, her brows creased and her eyes fixed on the book she was reading. She looked very serious, until she didn’t realize Cane approached her and looked over her shoulder to see what she was reading. 
"Do you want to try that position?"
###Chapter 609: MAPLE LEAVES
Chapter 609: MAPLE LEAVES
Somehow, recently Iris had been desired for her mate more, she wanted his attention and to touch him ever so often, but unfortunately, Cane was always busy. 
The alpha would comeback late at night and left before she woke up, there were only a few interactions between them during the day and Iris tried to focus on something else, but Cane’s absence frustrated her. 
And this afternoon, she didn’t wish to do anything. She only wanted to be alone, since she was too tired to go out. Her mood has been low lately. 
Thinking Cane must be busy right now, or so she thought, she held herself back from looking for him. 
A few days ago, Iris overheard one of the mistresses of alpha Adrian spoke about how she could get pregnant. No, she actually read their conversation from afar. 
The gist of it was; their position when they did the deed could raise a possibility to get pregnant. 
If it was not because of how embarrassed it would be, Iris would have approached them and asked them to elaborate further, but her timid self was still there and to think she would ask such thing only made her face turned into crimson color, which confused Aliana. 
She thought, her luna was sick or something to see how red her face was. 
Therefore, the only solution Iris had in her hand right now was these books that she bought from the book store a few nights ago during the festivity. 
Who would have thought, Cane would come and catch her red handed with the book in her hand... 
"Ah!" Iris screamed, she jumped out of her skin to hear Cane’s voice. She immediately threw the book away, as if that thing had burned her hand. 
She swore, she loved to hear his voice and his voice was still her number one favorite, and how she had been craving his presence, but right now she didn’t want him to be here. 
"Where are you going?" Cane easily caught her body, as he sneaked his arm around her waist and held her tightly, he pulled her closer until her back was against his chest. His arm was very secure and Iris couldn’t retaliate. 
Of course, Iris’s first instinct was to flee from him, from this room and dig a hole to bury herself. It was simply very embarrassing! 
"Let’s read the book together," Cane said against her neck, as his lips barely touched her skin, sending goosebumps to her stomach. 
"N- no... I- I am done..." Iris stuttered. Her body felt very hot. She wished to be anywhere, but here. "L- let me go..." she whimpered. She was so close to cry. 
"You are done reading that book?" Cane reached out his other hand to get the book, but Iris kicked it away. "I don’t know that you are very feisty, Iris," Cane chuckled to see how red his mate became. "If you have done reading it, why don’t you tell me what is it about?" 
Heaven! 
Did he try to kill her?! Because sure enough, Iris felt like she was going to die! 
She struggled to get away from him, but if Cane determined for her to be in his arms, there was nothing she could do to change that. 
"Let me go..." Iris whimpered. 
"And where do you want to go exactly?" Cane started to kiss her nape and nibbled there lightly, which made Iris less determined to get away from him. 
He missed her. He knew that he had been very busy lately with the merchant was already here and alpha Nolan kept nagging him to go to the Red Claw pack, especially now when he was summoned to the palace. 
Even blind people could see it was a trap and it was still questionable, whether he could go out of there with his life or not once he stepped in the capital city. 
Yet, he dismissed everything and went to find his mate. A lot of things jumbled up in his mind and he wanted a few moment alone with his mate to clear his head, only to get this pleasant surprise. 
"I..." Iris bit her lip when she felt Cane’s hand brushed her ribs close enough to touch her breast. He was teasing her! "I want to check on Zale..." 
"Hm... what do you want to check?" 
"His training with Zephyr..." Iris gasped when Cane cupped her right breast and caressed it, her body felt very hot and she couldn’t think clearly. This was what she wanted, she would love to this moment and it would be perfect without the incident of the book. 
"You know nothing about training, Iris," Cane pointed it out. 
Iris let out a whimper out of frustration. Could he not embarrassed her more than this? 
"I know! I know a few things...!" Iris screeched. She became very defensive now her bluff was being exposed. 
However, Cane flipped her body swiftly, so she was laying down on her back, while he hovered above her. In this position, the alpha took the liberty to watch how miserable his mate was, she looked like she wanted to cry, but he had not yet done with her. 
"I will show you something interesting. Do you want to see?" Cane caressed her cheek and felt how hot her skin was. She looked so beautiful and red was really her color, it reminded him of maple leaves. 
She was beautiful and brave, but also reckless and her random thought was what made her so attractive, some time, he simply couldn’t understand what was in her mind. 
"No, I don’t want to see..." Iris pouted her lips, she was unhappy to be pinned down on the sofa, or maybe that was how she wanted to be seen, since Cane could smell her arousal, more so, she was not a good liar. 
Despite what she said, Cane showed it to her anyway. 
He raised his hand and from his fingertips, there was this dark wisp. The same wisp that Iris noticed the first time when they were in the palace. Her eyes widened, she was not sure whether this was a good sign or not. 
"Cane...?" She blinked her eyes when the dark wisp fluttered in the air. "You... that dark wisp, are you controlling it?" she asked in whispery tone, as if afraid someone would hear her, despite the fact they were only alone in this room. 
"I am trying," Cane murmured. "Some time, it is hard to control. After all, it is the lycan’s." Cane flicked his fingers and the dark wisp followed his instruction, it swirled and then fluttered in the air, as though it was a living creature, while Cane watched his mate, whose face filled with astonishment. 
And then with another flick from his finger, he made the dark wisp to pick the book from the floor and put it in his hand, only then the spell was broken and Iris freaked out again to see that damned book. 
Cane was very cunning, she knew that, but how could he do this to her?! 
Moreover, it was not the first time and sure enough, wouldn’t be the last. 
"Now, tell me which one do you want to try?" Cane lazily opened the book, propped his body with his elbows, so he wouldn’t crush his delicate mate under his weight. 
"Cane!" Iris was speechless. She wanted him to stop, but Cane didn’t look bother at all. 
"What is wrong to desire your mate, Iris?" Cane’s voice was so calm, he treated this as something normal. He didn’t tease her and talk casually. "I will like to do it if there is something you wanted to try." 
"That’s... that’s not my book..." Iris made a desperate attempt to be innocent. "I found it... somewhere." 
"Okay." Cane nodded, he kissed her nose and her forehead. "So, which one do you want to try?" Cane casually flipped the book, which showed provocative position during love making. 
"Don’t even think to try this." Cane’s voice slightly darker when he saw the image of three people. He stared at his mate sternly, who shook her head vigorously. "I don’t share, Iris. You are mine and I don’t share what is mine. Understood?" 
Cane’s voice was demanding, he was very serious with this and Iris nodded. No matter how wild and lewd her thought lately, it never crossed her mind to do it with other people than him, neither to add one more person. 
The thought of it alone made her stomach churned. 
After getting the assurance he wanted, Cane started to flip the pages casually. His demeanor changed in an instant, as he looked calm and collected. 
"Do you want to try this one?" Cane asked and Iris shook her head. "This one?" Iris shook her head again, but the alpha was extremely patient with his timid mate. "This one?" 
The image showed another provocative position and this time, Iris didn’t shake her head, she bit her lip and averted her gaze. It seemed, he got what she wanted. 
"Okay, this one then..." Cane said softly, as he put away the book and kissed the hollow on her collarbone. "You don’t need to be embarrassed to tell me what you wanted, Iris. It’s normal and there is nothing to be embarrassed about. You need to tell me what you like and dislike, so I will not hurt you." 
"You do not hurt me," Iris retorted sheepishly, her heart skipped a beat when Cane lifted her dress. 
"At least, I want it to be more pleasurable for you." Cane captured her lips and swallowed her soft whimper.
###Chapter 610: CLINGY IRIS
Chapter 610: CLINGY IRIS
Iris softly mewled in Cane’s arms, her body felt very sore, but delightful, she could feel all the traces that her mate left on her body, imprinted on her skin and engraved in her heart, as she was contented and pleased. 
Her eyelids were so heavy and she flinched when Cane pulled out of her, as something warm trickled down her thighs. 
"Don’t go..." Iris whimpered when Cane moved away from her, but she didn’t open her eyes, she reached out her arms and hugged his neck again, while the alpha softly chuckled against her neck. "Don’t go..." 
"We need to clean you up, okay?" Cane whispered to her ear and nibbled on her earlobe, which made her squirmed and shook her head. "I will prepare the bath." 
"No." Iris frowned like a stubborn child, she opened her eyes lazily and pouted her lips. "I will come with you." 
"You need to get up if you want to come with me." Cane kissed her nose, eyes and forehead. He couldn’t get enough of her. He realized that he had been neglectful of her, since the merchant arrived and he had a hard time to come into an agreement with them and get what he wanted, while at the same time, he had to deal with alpha Nolan too. 
The alpha would have found a way to meet with Iris again if he didn’t put more guards around his mate and gave a strict order to the warriors not to let him come closer to her again. 
"Okay." She agreed, but didn’t make any attempts to move, instead she closed her eyes, was about to fall asleep. Right now, she was very clingy. 
"Iris?" 
"Hm?" 
"You smell so good." Cane buried his face against the crook of her neck. She smelled so sweet and addictive, as if she was a drug and he was addicted to it. 
Iris moaned when she felt Cane’s tongue licked her collarbones, she was full of anticipation if they were going into it again, though her body couldn’t keep up with the desire, but if she could, she wanted this more. 
She felt delightfully satisfied when there was nothing between them, when his skin met hers and she could feel the rhythm of his heartbeat, as her own matched it. This was the most vulnerable moment, where they showed their raw feelings and tried to understand each other in different way. 
"We need to take a bath," Cane growled, because he remembered he had a meeting with the merchant to talk about grains. 
"Are you going to meet the merchant?" Iris asked lazily, didn’t want to wake up at all. 
"Hm." 
In the end, Cane carried her to the bathroom and let her sat down, while he prepared for the bath. His mate looked so tired and sleepy, she even almost fell asleep and stumbled. 
"I am sleepy," Iris yawned when Cane put her into the tub with warm water before he sat down behind her. 
"I can see that." Cane pulled Iris closed to him and let her leaned against his chest, as he washed her body with soap. Her perk nipples were so red and sensitive when he touched them. "Sleep, I will take care of you." 
Iris yawned, she snuggled against him to find a comfortable position, but somehow, she turned her body and kissed him instead. She was sleepy and clumsy, the kiss merely her nibbled on his lips, which made Cane chuckled. 
"Be good and don’t move around." Cane steadied her body again and cleaned her up, but when Iris was about to touch him, he caught her hand and pushed it away, but he rewarded her with a kiss when she opened her eyes and felt hurt to be rejected. "You are too tired, Iris, you can’t take it." 
Iris pouted her lips and wrapped her arms around his waist instead and kissed his chest. 
"Be good." Cane patted her head. 
Iris knew Cane was right that she wouldn’t be able to take it if they were going to do it again, but somehow, she wanted it more. She blamed her desire on the book that she read. She shouldn’t have read that book too often, because she started to imagine a lot of dirty things with her mate, which she would never admit it. 
The thoughts were too embarrassing, dirty and lewd, which surprised her, because she didn’t think she would have such kind of wild imagination. 
"What happened?" Cane asked when Iris’s body became tensed. 
"Cramp..." Iris whimpered against his chest and Cane caressed her back to soothe it. 
Even without doing anything they spent almost an hour to take a bath and once they were done, the water had turned cold and the sky had become dark. 
Cane tucked Iris in, at the same time, he heard his gamma’s voice, reminding him that they needed to go to meet with the merchant. 
"I will ask Aliana to bring your dinner, okay?" Cane leaned over to kiss her nose, but Iris pointed her lips too, wanted to be kissed there, which Cane happily obliged, yet she pointed her forehead, her chubby cheeks and her chin. "I will kiss every inch of your body all over again when I return okay?" Cane chuckled to discover this side of his mate. This woman was always surprised him with her endearing quirk. 
Cane had kissed her during their passionate moment and he didn’t mind to do it all over again if it could make her happy, but he needed to go now. 
"Okay," Iris said sheepishly, it was her bold attempt to make Cane stay with her a little bit longer, because she still missed him even after a handful of climax, he gave her. 
"Sleep, Iris." Cane kissed both of her eyes and then her nose again, as he ruffled her hair and then walked away from the room that filled with the smell of sex. 
Aliana almost had a hard attack when she stepped in with dinner later, she opened all the window and let refreshing night wind to wash away this suffocating scent. 
"Are they going to kill me?" Aliana grumbled, as she picked all of their clothes on the floor and found the book, her eyes widened in disbelieve to see such thing. "What? Who bought this?" 
She couldn’t imagine the alpha bought such book and showed it to his mate, but then she couldn’t even imagine the sweet and innocent luna to be the one, who bought it. She was too timid for something so bold, especially when Aliana saw the content. 
"Damn... who bought this book?" She was dying with curiosity, more so when Iris barely woke up when she ate her dinner, which made her unable to tease her and figure out about that mysterious book. 
On the other hand, Cane the meeting didn’t go well, the merchant gave unreasonable prices for the grain, knowing their predicament and the shifted of power in this pack and the whole pack in the southern kingdom. They really took advantage of him. 
Even after late at night, the merchants were still persistence with their price. 
"Are they crazy?!" Ethan was exasperated, his face was so red because of how angry he was. "They took advantage of our situation!" 
It was not that they couldn’t afford to buy it, but the price simply ridiculous. It almost like they were being robbed under the broad daylight and they had to be grateful for that. 
Now the merchants gave Cane ten days to give them the answer, whether he wanted to buy the grain from them or they would sell it to the royal, once they did that, the pack in the south wouldn’t have enough grain for the upcoming winter, not to mention there was some pack that went through famine at this moment, so they needed it more even before the winter came. 
"Cane, what are you going to do?" Ethan walked beside Cane, after their unsatisfying meeting, they crossed the garden to reach the pack house, since the merchant stayed in the town. Dealing with the merchant was another level of headache. 
"Is there news from Lou?" Cane asked about Lou instead. 
"Oh, I forgot. He sent a letter that arrived this evening." Ethan pulled out the letter that the merchant had sent them. "He asked you to think of the solution, since you will come with him to the capital city. He said; it will be a trap, but you can’t ignore the summon from the king, unless you want to openly oppose him." 
Cane was silent for a moment. "Tell him to come to catch up with Redmond and his entourage. I will meet with him here." 
Redmond and a few warriors had left the Riverside pack and marched to Diandem pack a day earlier, but with their speed, especially because there was Sofia and the baby, Lou would be able to catch up with them within a day or two. 
Ethan narrowed his eyes. He felt there was something fishy about it and couldn’t help, but blurted it out. "You want to use Lou to deal with the merchant?" 
Cane didn’t give an answer for that question, but knowing the alpha, Ethan knew he was right. "Brilliant!" Ethan almost jumped in joy and hugged Cane because with Lou dealt with his fellow merchant, he didn’t need to get unnecessary headache to face them. "I am really proud to have you as my alpha! I really do love you, Cane! I am willing to die for you!" 
Ethan was about to hug him, but stopped because Cane gave him a stern glare.
###Chapter 611: HEAVEN!
Chapter 611: HEAVEN!
After such draining meeting with the merchants, the only thing that Cane wanted was to go back to his mate and slept peacefully next to her. He wanted to bury his face in her hair and breathed in her scent. 
His heart was in the right place the moment he opened the door and found her sleeping peacefully, while Aliana sat on the chair, guarding her. 
"Alpha," Aliana greeted him, she immediately stood up and stretched her body. With Cane was here, her night duty would end and she could go back to her room and sleep. 
"Did she eat her dinner?" Cane asked, as he approached Iris and stared at her sleeping face. If there was one word that could describe her right now, it must be serenity. 
"Yes, but not much, she was very sleepy and tired." Aliana gave Cane a meaningful look with a smirk on the corner of her lips, but he didn’t dare to bring up about the book. She might be cheeky with Iris and her brother was Cane’s beta, but she held the utmost respect for this alpha. 
"Hm." Cane nodded. "You can leave." 
Aliana didn’t need to be told twice, she immediately rushed out of the room once Cane leaned over and kissed his mate’s lips gently. It was almost very scary to see how gentle the alpha was, because she thought, she would never see this side of him again, especially when there was nothing change with the way Cane acted whenever Iris was not around, he was still that cold and collected person, which could make you trembled with only a glare from him.
Once it was only the two of them, Cane undressed and cleaned himself before he came to bed and sleep peacefully next to Iris. 
Yet, his sleep was not as peaceful as he thought it would be, because a few hours later, he was woken up with Iris kissing his lips. 
His mate was half awake when he found her nibbling on his lips. She didn’t seem to realize what she was doing, but when slightly pushed her away, she let out protest noises. 
"Iris?" Cane caressed her back and smoothened her tangled hair, while he let her did whatever she wanted with him. It didn’t take a genius to figure out what she aimed and what she really wanted from him, because it was as clear as day, just like how clear those merchants wanted to fool around with him, that his mate wanted to be intimated with him. 
They had done it this afternoon and Iris clearly still not yet recovered fully from it, but here she was, wanted another round of it, as she tried her sloppy attempt to get under his pants. 
"Are you in heat?" Cane asked softly against her lips, but she didn’t answer that, she bit his lips when he didn’t reciprocate her kiss. 
Heat for shifter would come in random time, sometime, it only happened once, therefore, it was hard to predict when your mate would go through a heat, it even more unpredictable when your mate was not a shifter. 
Cane indeed needed his sleep, but he wouldn’t turn down this pleasant surprise, though he was still unsure how to proceed it when Iris didn’t seem to be fully conscious. 
"Iris," Cane called her name again to get her attention, but she had slid down her hand under his pants and touched him there, driving him crazy with her bold action. 
That was it. There was no way Cane could sleep peacefully when she freely touched him like this and now, she broke the kiss, but she climbed on top of him and straddled him. Her blue eyes looked so misty under the light of the pale moon in the night sky and her auburn hair looked slightly darker. 
She was a devastatingly beautiful with innocent face, but her action right now screamed the opposite when she started to kiss his neck and trailed wet kissed along his jawline, like he used to do it to her. Apparently, she paid close attention to what he did to her body and now she tried to apply it to him, leaving the alpha speechless. 
"No..." Iris whimpered, protested when Cane was about to flip her body and fuck her to oblivion for waking him up like this, yet she didn’t want to. She didn’t want to be pinned down, because right now, this was her favorite position. She wanted to be on top of him and got the control of it, as she set the pace... 
======================= 
"Good afternoon!" Aliana greeted Iris when she opened her eyes and met with her mischievous gaze. For some reason, she looked annoyed, but also helpless. "I thought you are going to sleep through day and night and here I am thinking what should I do to spend time in this room." 
"Good morning..." Iris greeted Aliana with hoarse voice. She felt very tired and hungry, her body was so sore and warm, she couldn’t understand why she had not yet recovered even after sleeping the whole night. 
Maybe Grace really had run out of magic stone and the concoction was a normal one. 
"Good afternoon," Aliana emphasized it. "This is already afternoon, you skipped breakfast." 
Iris rubbed her eyes and groaned when the light from the sun hit her sight, she curled her body again on the bed. "I am hungry..." she whimpered. 
"Of course, after such vigorous afternoon and late night sex and then skipped your breakfast, I bet you must be famished." Aliana clicked her tongue and pulled the blanket away from her. "Come on, let’s get something to eat from the kitchen, you need to exercise your body more, if you want to have enough stamina to do it the whole day and night." 
Iris didn’t understand what she was talking about, but she begrudgingly got off the bed and went to the bathroom to clean herself. 
"You almost got the alpha into trouble because he overslept, you know." Aliana helped Iris to undress herself, only then she saw a lot of red marks on her breasts and stomach. 
"What is this?!" Iris was panic to see them. 
"What do you mean ’what is this’?" Aliana chuckled when she watched Iris’s reaction. "You don’t have a great healing ability, luna, so try to tell the alpha not to get carry on if you don’t want to be left with this." 
Aliana waved her hands on her body. 
Iris blushed vigorously, even her flat stomach turned red in. "But, these red marks were not here yesterday." 
"Then it must be happening during night." Aliana chuckled. 
"Night?" Iris frowned. She didn’t recall what happened last night. 
"Luna, I can smell the sex the moment I entered the room this morning and what else the reason of why the alpha overslept when he had an important appointment with the former beta and gamma of this pack?" 
Yet, Iris was adamant to deny it. "We didn’t do anything last ni..." she stopped in the middle of her sentence because a few flashbacks came to her mind and in an instant, her blue eyes filled with dread. "Heaven!" she exclaimed.
###Chapter 612: TREASURE
Chapter 612: TREASURE
Now Aliana mentioned it, Iris did remember what happened last night and if it was possible, her face turned even redder. She almost looked like the little lizard when she found it the first time, when its skin was still bright red. 
"Heaven!" Iris covered her mouth when details of what happened last night came flooding to her mind. She didn’t even know she could do such thing. 
On the other hand, Aliana chuckled. "Did the book help?" she asked lightly, trying to get a little bit juicy information about that mysterious book and when she watched how shocked Iris was, she knew it must be her, who had purchased the book in the first place and she couldn’t control her laugh. "I can’t believe it was you, luna!" 
"Oh, shut up!" Iris almost cried, as she tried to make Aliana stopped laughing at her, yet her attempt was too weak and Aliana seemed to have so much fun to discover this. 
Out of all people, why it must be her who found it?! 
But then, Iris simply couldn’t imagine if it was someone else, she would really dig a hole and bury herself to even imagine if it was Ethan or one of her seven warriors. 
It took a long time for Aliana to get over it and she only stopped when Iris literally cried, seeing how serious it affected her and made her uncomfortable. 
"I am sorry, I am sorry, I will not bring it up again," Aliana apologized genuinely. She didn’t mean to take things too far and simply only wanted to tease her. She wiped her tears and helped her to take a bath, while talking about something else entirely. 
She told her about Zale, Celia and Joel, because Iris used to pay close attention to the three of them, especially Zale’s progress in training. Aliana also filled her in with a few information about what was going on around them. 
The merchant had been here for days, but the alpha was still trying to make a reasonable deal with them, regarding the grain because those filthy merchants went crazy with the price they proposed. 
Alpha Nolan had been around and was not happy because Cane didn’t want to leave to Red Claw pack immediately, neither he would let Iris go there without him. 
"I don’t know what the alpha did, but he managed to make him stay away from you," Aliana mumbled. 
Iris didn’t mind it at all if Cane put alpha Nolan away from her, because she didn’t like the alpha too, he made her uncomfortable, even if they only met for once. 
"How do you know all of that?" Iris asked, she tilted her head to look at Aliana, who was washing her hair. 
Aliana winked at her. "Well, you can say Ethan is hardly able to keep secret from me." 
Iris narrowed her eyes. "Maybe because you threatened him." 
"Luna, I am not that bad," Aliana chuckled when she heard the accusation. 
After that, Aliana took Iris to the kitchen to get her late lunch, as she munched on her meat happily and almost finished all the food on her plate, when she used to not be able to eat that much. 
"You are really famished!" Aliana pointed it out and immediately closed her mouth when Iris glared at her, thinking she was going to tease her again. 
After that, Iris spent her time with Celia, teaching her how to write and read like usual. She was having a hard time and her progress was not as fast as the other people Iris had taught, which made the little girl frustrated. 
Meanwhile, Zale was training with Zephyr and Lil Thing was playing dead with the little children of alpha Adrian. 
Cane put all the mistresses of the alpha and their children in the west part of the pack house and they had been staying there ever since, didn’t middle with anything inside the pack house, knowing alpha Adrian’s regime had fallen. 
It was very lucky for them to be able to stay alive and not be made slaves, thus they didn’t want to get into alpha Cane’s bad side. 
Iris also learned something from Haco when his mind conscious enough to teach her how to manipulate her newly found power, but it didn’t last for long, because the sorcerer went into his senile state pretty fast. His wrinkled face looked tired and his misty eyes stared into the distance, as he kept asking her; ’who are you?’ and Iris had to introduce herself a few times. 
Her heart ached to see the old sorcerer like this. She hoped, there was something she could do for him. Haco was actively dying at this point, his mind shut down on him and it was a rare occurrence to see him in a clear state of mind. 
When night came, Iris spent it inside her bedroom and had her dinner there with Aliana, since she would meet with alpha Nolan in the dining hall, thus she had never gone there once the alpha was here. 
More so, Iris was too tired and sleepy, she was still feeling so sore because of last night and she was exhausted after teaching Celia and talking to Haco, every time she went to see the sorcerer, she became emotional to see how he regressed so fast. 
She had been crying silently to see him like that and there was nothing Aliana could do to console her. 
Cane didn’t come to have dinner with her, but there were three chests that he sent for her, which needed twelve warriors to carry it. 
"What is it?" Iris frowned when she saw the chests were being dropped inside the bedroom. 
Dean came to her and smiled. "This is from the alpha, luna. He said everything inside is for you!" He looked excited, even though it was not gifts for him. 
"For me? All of this?" Iris was surprised, she widened her eyes. What could be possibly inside the chests, which each one of them was the same size like her? "What is inside?" 
"I don’t know!" Dean beamed. 
"You need to open it to know. Why don’t you open it now, luna?" One of the warriors also looked excited to know what was inside. 
Ever since the news about Sofia’s baby was not Cane’s, the warriors warmed up to Iris a little bit, though they didn’t become close all of sudden, but at the very least, Iris could feel they were less hostile and indifference toward her. 
"Open it, luna!" Aliana nudged Iris to open the chests impatiently. 
Iris approached one of the chests that adorned with pretty ornament and intricated carving. The chests alone looked very expensive, let alone the things inside it. 
She was excited to know what Cane gave to her, because it could count as the first gift from him. 
But the problem was... 
"I can’t lift it, it is too heavy..." Iris groaned when she tried to lift the lid of the chest and the warriors immediately realized their error. There was no way their petite luna would be able to lift it when it took two of them to do it. 
Meanwhile, Iris’s seven warriors poked their head from the door, wanting to know what was inside the chests too. 
Once the first gift from Cane was revealed, all of them were shocked, they gasped out loud to see what was inside. 
There were a lot of things there and Iris couldn’t even comprehend how she would be able to wear all of them. 
There were countless necklaces, bracelets, rings, which were put into smaller boxes inside the chests, pendant, tiara and then a lot more gold and diamond. 
"Open another chest!" Dyne shouted from outside, he wanted to see what the other gifts were and it seemed, these warriors held the same excitement like Iris, if it was not more. 
With Iris’s permission, they opened the other two chests, which filled with a lot of beautiful dresses, while the other chest was filled with variation of shoes and more trinkets, which made of precious stone. 
"The alpha has gone crazy..." Aliana whispered breathlessly. She knew Cane was a loyal person, but didn’t he know the concept of giving a gift? No, he was not giving Iris a gift, he gave her a treasure! 
"These all for me?" Iris was shocked beyond words. She had never received a gift before, but this was too much! 
When Cane took her to the festival and buy her a book, she was already very happy and contented, but she was not sure how to react with such gift from him. 
"Luna... the alpha is pampering you so much!" Aliana pointed it out, her voice was a little bit loud, so the twelve warriors could hear that. She watched how their expression twisted because some of them still couldn’t see Iris as their luna and was unable to accept that their alpha had genuine feeling for her. 
Later, Iris learned that Cane bought all of these from the merchant. He had said that money was not the problem here, since he had the fortune of the six packs, but the fact that those merchants fooled him and gave him the ridiculous price for the grain that he disliked. 
Therefore, buying these precious items for his mate was not a problem and it wouldn’t hurt them financially. 
’I want to make it up to you.’ 
That was Cane’s answer when he was asked why he splurged with his gift. 
A week after that, Redmond and Sofia arrived in the Diandem pack, so did Lou.
###Chapter 613: HER DESIRE FOR HIM
Chapter 613: HER DESIRE FOR HIM
Iris was very generous when she wanted to share the gift that Cane gave to her, since she knew it was too much and there was no way she would use them all. 
She tried to give a few precious stone to the warriors that had carried the chests, but all of them immediately rejected the idea. 
’That’s yours, luna. We can’t accept that.’ 
That was all they said to her, but Iris insisted, at the very least, they needed to accept a few coins. Under the pile of new dresses, she found a small box, which contain with a lot of coins, she literally could buy anything that she wanted with that and for someone, who had never had any money or any precious things in her possession, everything that Cane had done was overwhelmed her. 
Without doubt, she was very happy and wanted to share this happiness with the warriors there. 
In the end, they accepted a few coins from her and looked very happy to have some extra money. They thanked her profusely before they left the bedroom, talking about buying some drink somewhere. There were a lot of tavern and bar in this pack. 
"Don’t you want to go drinking with them too?" Aliana nudged Iris, as she chuckled, reminded her the last time they drank together. 
Iris grimaced, because her memory was different from Aliana’s. Aliana might not aware of this, just like Iris at that time, because the only thing in their mind was to have fun, but Iris promised Cane and herself not to touch alcohol, especially when they were trying right now. 
Their effort was already hard enough with Grace was running out of the water magic stone without her trying to ruin their chance again. 
"Let’s see the dresses! There must be a dress or two that you will like!" Iris wanted to share the dress with Aliana too, because Celia was too small and Aliana was the only adult woman around her. 
Aliana scrunched her nose. "No, I am good with all my dresses. Why don’t you try them all?" She grinned and nudged the luna to see how she was in those dresses. 
Unfortunately, Iris was already tired when she tried the third dresses and curled herself on the bed once she was in her nightgown and fell asleep pretty fast. 
Yet, she woke up in the middle of the night and ’bothered’ Cane again with her unrestrained desire. 
All of the embarrassment she felt during the day when she remembered how she had forced herself on him, well, that didn’t quite right, since Cane was more than willing to give what she wanted. 
After that, Iris would sleep peacefully throughout the morning and woke up at noon. 
’You skipped your breakfast again.’ 
That was what Aliana said when she greeted Iris the moment she opened her eyes, she looked so miserable because of how bored she was. 
The same thing happened for four nights straight... 
On the fifth day, Iris woke up early in the morning and was happy to see Cane was still there, since she would always wake up to see Aliana’s face lately. 
"Good morning," Iris said sheepishly, she stretched her body and hugged him again, snuggled against his chest to get some warmth from his body. She was still sleepy. 
"Good morning," Cane said lazily, as he combed her curls with his fingers. 
They stayed like that for a while, relishing each other’s presence. 
"What are you thinking?" Iris lifted her head to see Cane was staring at her, there was no indication that he was going to leave soon, as if he planned to laze around after being very busy recently. 
"I am wondering why you didn’t wake me up at night," he said casually, but the meaning behind it made Iris screeched. 
"Cane!" 
Iris attempted to leave, since it was so embarrassing to be reminded of what happened, but Cane caught her ankles and dragged her back, as he pinned her down on the bed and started to kiss her. It seemed, he wanted to get his fill, since he didn’t get it last night. 
=========================== 
Alan stared in disbelieve when he saw a baby that he held almost a month ago had stood up and he literally looked like a five years old little boy. His eyes were no longer bloodshot red, but to his horror, his feature almost looked like him. 
No. If people saw this little boy, they would have thought, he was his son or something, because of the incredulous familiarity between them. 
Currently, this young boy was munching on his prey. He licked the finger of the dead guard, before he devoured it, like he had ravaged the rest of his body. 
This little monster needed a man to sate his hunger and at least, he needed one for a week. 
"I don’t like to be stared at when I am eating," the little boy spoke, in his childish tone, but there was nothing innocent about him, the way he spoke, as if he was cursing at you. 
Alan immediately averted his gaze. This was not the first time for him to witness such brutal sight, he also was not an upright person, he had done countless sin that could send him straight to hell, but still, he was nothing compared to a boy, who just born a month ago. 
This child was the epitome of evil. 
"What about the north?" The little boy asked, he stood up and then walked toward the guard’s head. 
The smell of blood filled this room, it was very suffocating, but there was no trace of it. Hours ago, you would see such a gruesome scene, where the body of the guard was being torn apart, but now, everything was clean and what left behind, as the evidence such horrendous thing had happened was only his head, which now was being toyed in the hand of this little monster. 
His lifeless eyes stared at nothingness. It happened so fast, even he didn’t realize that he had died. A moment, he stared at this strange little monster, but in the next second he was no longer could feel anything, as his life was being ripped apart from his body. 
"Al- alpha Derick refused to surrender..." Alan reported it to him. It was not sure, since when he became this little monster’s personal messenger, but that was what he did as the king of this continent. He did what this little boy told him to do. 
All the decision from him was coming from this little monster. 
Alan was stupid enough to not be able to see the end goal of his own grandfather, but he could sense danger would come to his way. There must be the reason why this little boy had the same face like him... 
"And then? Have you given an order to raze that pack?" The little boy gouged the eyes from its socket and the sound of it made Alan’s stomach churned. He was a sadist, but he still couldn’t stand what this little boy was doing, he felt like he was about to vomit and the only thing that held his back was his fear that he would end up like those guards that he had devoured. 
"I... We... we can’t raze their pack, because we will have trouble with the monster in the north... we need them to keep the monster away from the capital city." Alan scrunched his nose when he heard the slurping that echoed throughout the walls inside his bedroom. "Maybe you don’t know this, but the pack in the north is needed, they act as a fortress against the monsters." 
"I know." The little boy wiped his red lips, which left blood stain on the back of his small hand. "Do you think I am that stupid for not knowing that?" 
Alan didn’t know how to retort that. He literally just born a month ago, but he knew a lot more thing that what Alan did. 
"Kill them all if they don’t want to surrender." 
"I- I will make sure they hand Kellan over." Alan trembled when he heard the sound of the shattering bones. 
The boy’s eyes slated when he heard that. "Who cares about that disable man? I want the whole pack in the north, it’s either they surrender, or they are dead. Understood?" 
Alan nodded vigorously. 
"Good king," the little boy spoke in mocking tone. 
=============================== 
Today was a little bit different, it was a little bit tensed and the atmosphere was a little bit suffocating, though the sky looked so gloomy, as if the rain would be pouring down soon. 
All the warriors were seething, especially the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack, because today Sofia and her baby would arrive. The hostility from them was very thick, despite the entourage had not yet arrived. 
"I feel like I want to shred that woman into pieces."
"That slut had deceived us." 
"We need to kill her, so no one will try to pull the same trick." 
"I hope the alpha will behead her and send her head to alpha Gallot." 
The warriors talked to themselves and Iris pretended like she didn’t hear anything during this breakfast in the dining hall with alpha Nolan, while her mate tended to her like usual. 
"Eat more." Cane changed his plate with Iris, after he slices another meat into pieces, so she wouldn’t have a hard time to eat. 
This time, Iris didn’t protest and actually eat more. 
"I am sorry to hear that the baby is not yours, Cane," Alpha Nolan said.
###Chapter 614: HE WANTED TO KILL HIM!
Chapter 614: HE WANTED TO KILL HIM!
Despite what alpha Nolan had warned him, to not show his affection toward his mate, Cane actually did the opposite. He didn’t change the way he treated Iris, neither he tried not to be affectionate with her in public. 
Most of the people also already knew about the gift that he gave to his mate, though Iris didn’t wear a lot of accessories, she did wear a ring or necklace now. In the morning, she would rummage the chests and found something she liked to wear and she enjoyed it a lot. 
"You don’t need to feel sorry, Nolan, because I don’t." Cane was sitting on the opposite seat from alpha Nolan in this long table in the dining hall. 
Alpha Nolan shook his head. "I know you must be very upset right now, this is something that unforgiveable." 
Hearing that, Cane tilted his head and shifted his attention from his mate, who was munching her meat happily, her appetite improved, she ate a lot more recently and it didn’t go unnoticed by him. Probably it was due to a lot of things they did during the night that caused her hunger in the morning. 
"I don’t, Nolan." Cane’s voice was even and all the people fell into silence, they stopped eating and listened to the alpha’s conversation, because you could sense the tension started to rise up in the air, though a certain auburn hair woman was oblivious, as she relished her meal. "If you want to pity someone, take your pity to Gallot, because I will not let this slide." 
Alpha Nolan smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes at all. "So, are you going to march toward Moon Dew pack and take him down? With these warriors from the six packs you have, you can easily take down his pack." His eyes glinted with cunningness. "I will be happy to assist you and I am sure the Red Claw pack will not refuse to do the same." 
"I can handle my own affair, but thank you for the offer." Cane tucked a strand of Iris’s hair behind her ear, so it wouldn’t fall into her plate. 
The sight made alpha Nolan scoffed. He was sure Cane did that to annoy him, as he was contradicting his advice. This time, he directed his words toward Iris, who had been staying out of their conversation ever since they entered the dining hall. Somehow, she had this strong dislike toward alpha Nolan. 
"Luna Iris, you are very lucky that the baby is not the alpha, or else, you will not enjoy this treatment from him, if another woman gave birth to his firstborn." Alpha Nolan leaned his back against the backrest of his chair and smiled harmlessly. "You need to get pregnant quickly, or else, another pregnant woman will do the same thing." 
Iris dropped her cutleries and glared at alpha Nolan. She looked extremely annoyed and it was out of character for her to act very hostile like this. The warriors stared at each other when they sensed how unhappy their luna was. It was also a surprised for them, since this was not the reaction, they expected from her. 
"Then it will be stupid for the people to believe it easily, if the same thing happened again, even a blind people will not fall into the same hole." 
All the warriors immediately averted their gazes, some of them lowered their heads in ashamed and most of them felt like they wanted to leave this dining hall, the feeling of embarrassment was very strong. 
Iris’s answer was directed to alpha Nolan, but all of them felt like she was talking to them instead. The feeling of guilty ate them alive and yes, they felt stupid. 
On the other hand, Cane looked relax, he watched with an amusement in his eyes. His timid mate had truly become bolder and bolder with each passing day. 
"Of course, of course. It will be so stupid if another person will do the same method again." He nodded in agreement, as if he was on the same page like her. "But, you still need to give an heir for the pack, Cane is the last person in his family bloodline and you have the responsibility on it. If my daughter still alive, she would have given birth to Cane’s second child by now." 
It was clear what alpha Nolan tried to implicate. He subtly compared Iris and Leana. The same method he used to put discord between Iris and Cane, creating a problem that was not there in the first place. His intention of doing that was still unclear, but whatever it was, he managed to make Iris upset. 
Cane felt alpha Nolan had crossed the line too far by disrespecting his mate in such way, but before he could put him in his place, Iris already did it. 
"You are very concern about this pack too much, alpha Nolan," Iris spoke before Cane could. "You are not even part of this pack, or do you want to pledge your loyalty to my mate?"
"Presumptuous!" Jax stood up from his seat, his face was so dark, as he held back his anger upon hearing what Iris said. He was alpha Nolan’s beta and came here with the alpha with the mission to take Iris to meet with the Serafim. "How dare you woman talk like that to the alpha!?" 
What Iris said could be consider as an insult and for an alpha to pledge their loyalty to the other alpha, it could mean the pack had been defeated. The only time an alpha pledged loyalty was to the king and Cane was not a king... yet. 
Shifter was an arrogant and proud creature by nature, thus for a shifter, they held their status so highly and to step down from it was akin to spit on their face. Based on that, what Iris said was extremely unacceptable, especially when she was a woman. 
"Tone down your voice!" Ethan snarled, he stood up from his seat too. His claws emerged from the tips of his fingers, as he was ready to tear this beta apart. He had finished eating, his stomach was full and he had enough strength for a fight or two. 
The gamma from the Howling Wolf pack had been buried by stressful tasks, thus to let off some steam by fighting off this insolent man before his eyes, it would be a great way to vent out his frustration toward his alpha for overworking him. 
On the other hand, the warriors were growling at each other, as they were ready to shift into their beast and fought, seeing how things escalated so fast. 
The seven warriors and Aliana stood close to their luna, they were ready to secure her once the fight broke, because at this point, it looked like that was what was going to happen. 
On the other hand, the two alphas seemed unaffected by the vicious growls around them from their respective pack member. 
Cane actually stretched out his hand and caressed Iris’s cheek, he stared gently at his angry mate, but the words he spoke was directed to alpha Nolan. 
"Not your pack, not your business, Nolan. Step back." His voice was dark and filled with warning, though he didn’t raise his tone. 
"How dare you!" Jax growled at Cane and Ethan kicked his chair, until the poor thing broke into pieces, he was ready to shift and the rest of the Howling Wolf pack would follow, taking that as a sign. 
However, before the quiet and peaceful morning turned into bloody, alpha Nolan quickly deescalated the situation. 
"Sit, Jax! Step back all of you!" alpha Nolan’s voice echoed throughout the dining hall. His warriors gritted their teeth, because they were being held back. 
"Alpha!" Jax protested, but before he could speak, a harsh punch had landed on his face. He didn’t expect this, because the alpha had told them to step back, yet he should have known that Ethan didn’t give a shit about what his alpha said. 
Jax’s body fell to the ground, as he spat a mouthful of blood. He shifted into his beast and was ready to attack Ethan, but the gamma had shifted into his beast first, he was so close to tear his neck apart and kill him right there and then. 
The rest of the warriors were ready for a battle, as some of them had shifted into their beast. 
"Enough!" Cane roared, which made all of them froze in their place, even the warrior from the Winter Moon pack stopped in their track when they felt this strong alpha’s voice from him, though Cane was not their alpha. 
He stood up from his seat and glared to all the warriors inside the dining hall, the room fell into a depressing silence, before his dark eyes landed on his gamma. 
However, Ethan used to disobey Cane in rare occasion, especially when anger had controlled his sense, it was so hard to reach to him. 
"Ethan! Stop!" Cane used his alpha’s voice to suppress his gamma, this was the only method to get him back. "Step back and shift!" 
The brown wolf whimpered, he was so close to end his opponent’s life, but this alpha’s voice bothered him so much. 
"Step back and shift!" Cane repeated his order before Ethan could sunk his fangs on his opponent’s neck. 
In the end, the brown wolf clawed the other beast’s face before he stepped back. His eyes filled with anger and dissatisfaction to see his opponent. 
He wanted to kill him!
###Chapter 615: IRIS WAS IN AN EXTREMELY BAD MOOD
Chapter 615: IRIS WAS IN AN EXTREMELY BAD MOOD
Inside, alpha Nolan was seething, what Iris said was an insult for him. pledging his loyalty to Cane?! This woman was sick in the head to even think he would do such thing! 
However, outside, he was calm and collected. He controlled his facial expression to perfection, until it was so hard to tell what was in his mind. 
Especially at time like this, when he had to think rationally and suppressed his emotions. They were in disadvantage, because if the fight really broke out, he would end up being the losing party. Not to mention that he was outnumbered, this pack literally owned by Cane now and it would ruin his long term plan. It didn’t worth it. 
Alpha Nolan simply didn’t expect Iris would fight back, she didn’t look like that type of person, more so, as a woman, she shouldn’t have talked back to him. A good woman wouldn’t cause trouble and even though she was a luna, in front of the alpha, she should lower her head and shut her mouth. 
It seemed, the way Cane pampered her had gotten her head too big. 
Yet, alpha Nolan couldn’t afford a chaos and be in a bad term with Cane. He needed him for his own plan and fighting over what this stupid woman said would jeopardize the whole thing. 
"Everyone steps back!" alpha Nolan commanded his warriors and told them to shift back into their human form. He also stood up and glared at his people, whom immediately shifted back and put a distance with the warrior from the Howling Wolf pack. 
"Aliana, take Ethan out of the room," Cane said. Ethan could be unpredictable whenever his anger got the best of him and he could fight until he couldn’t once it came to it. 
Aliana knew about that as well, she didn’t need to be told twice, as she approached Ethan and took his hand. 
The gamma immediately withdrew his claws when Aliana grabbed his hand and dragged him out of the room. He begrudgingly followed her, though his eyes still lingered on the wailing man on the floor, covering his bloody face with his hands. 
Dread mixed in the air, as silence befell in this dining hall. Everyone was beside themselves with anger, they were on high alert and it was simply nerve wrecking. 
"I will send a healer to see your beta’s wound." Cane nodded at Jax, who kept wailing in agony. 
Actually, for the first attack, Cane saw it coming, after all, he knew his gamma so well. He could stop Ethan before he attacked Jax, but he simply deliberately had a late respond, but for the second attack, it was unexpected, yet Cane wouldn’t hold it over Ethan’s head. He did a great job after all. His fighting skills improved whenever he was mad. 
"You don’t need to bother with that, Cane. I have my own healer," alpha Nolan rejected the offer politely. "I think your mate has misunderstood my concern. You should tell her to be more careful, because she can cause a lot of trouble in the future with her fiery temper." 
"Or maybe you should know when to shut up, Nolan." Cane shut his attempt to put the blame on Iris. "Just like what my mate said, our pack’s affair is none of your business, you don’t have to worry about something that has nothing to do with you." 
A killing intent flitted crossed alpha Nolan’s eyes, but it disappeared so fast when he smiled harmlessly. "My bad to overstep your pack’s affair. I used to be your father in law, so I think of you like my own son and want the best for you." 
That was the most hypocritical and blatant lie that Cane had ever heard, even his pack member wanted to vomit to hear such righteous words came from his mouth. 
What father in law and thought of Cane as his own son? He had never been involved in anything, even when Leana was still alive. 
"Cane will be doomed if he has a father like you," Iris muttered under her breath, she still looked upset and there was no trace of fear on her face whatsoever, knowing what might happen if Cane didn’t stop the whole fiasco in time. 
Probably Iris talked to herself, but for shifter, her voice was loud enough and they were stunned to hear such bold words came from a woman’s mouth. 
However, some of the Howling Wolf pack’s warriors snickered to hear that, as they agreed with her. Having someone like alpha Nolan as Cane’s father was simply ridiculous to imagine it. 
Alpha Nolan’s face turned red. He tried to keep his voice even when he spoke, but one could tell that he was barely holding on his last straw of patience. What Iris said really got on his nerves. 
"You are not going to say anything about the disrespect your mate showed to me?" Alpha Nolan narrowed his eyes dangerously at Cane. 
Meanwhile, Cane was speechless by Iris’s sudden hostile personality. She looked like she was in extremely bad mood, as if there was a dark and gloomy cloud hovered above her head. 
Yet, the only thing that Cane said to her was extremely gentle. 
"Be good." Cane caressed her earlobe, which made Iris swatted his hand away and glared at him. She looked like she was going to claw him for doing that. But, in Cane’s eyes, his mate was akin to a little kitten, trying to look scary. 
Alpha Nolan was extremely dissatisfied. "I have warned you this, Cane. She will bring nothing, but trouble for you, if you don’t discipline her." 
Cane smirked when he heard that. "Thanks." And that was the only respond from him, as he ruffled Iris’s hair. 
Seeing that the conversation wouldn’t go anywhere, alpha Nolan tried to get control over the situation. "We will talk about the punishment for your gamma for attacking my beta." 
And with that parting words, he led his warriors out of the dining hall. Two warriors helped Jax to stand up and they rushed him to see their healer. 
However, only three steps, alpha Nolan stopped in his track and clutched his chest. His face contorted, as if he was in so much pain. The agony only lasted for a second, but it was enough to almost knock him off to his knees. 
"What happened, alpha?" One of the warriors realized it and asked with worried. 
"No, nothing." Alpha Nolan shook his head, the pain had disappeared, but he was sure that acute pain was there a moment ago. 
Still in confusion, he continued to walk away. 
Once all the people from the Winter Moon pack had left the room, the tension dropped and the warriors chatted with each other, begrudgingly cursing alpha Nolan and his people for their provocation. 
"Iris..." Cane called her name with helpless tone, he saw that and immediately knew it was his mate, who was the cause of alpha Nolan’s sudden pain. "Don’t." 
"I will make him in so much pain if he punished Ethan," Iris grumbled. Her small face scrunched in annoyance and then her blue eyes fixed on Cane. "I will be so angry if you punished Ethan." 
"And then? What are you going to do if you are angry with me?" Cane lifted his brows. Somehow, the way Iris acted out was very out of character of her. 
"I..." Iris tried to think hard. "I..." She didn’t know what she would do, which sounded like a threat, but she didn’t want to threaten him. "I will not talk with you." Her voice sounded unsure and she immediately stood up and rushed out of the dining hall. 
Cane followed her out, but he didn’t try to catch up with her, he let her to calm herself down, she was being too emotional for no reason. 
The alpha followed his mate’s scent and he ended up at the garden, where he found Iris was crouching down next to the sleeping white bear. He waved his hand to dismiss the seven warriors with her. 
"You almost caused a bloody conflict, Iris. You know that?" 
"I know," Iris mumbled curtly, while caressing Lil Thing’s muzzle. 
Cane stood behind Iris, but there was something off about his mate, thus he approached her. 
"What happened?" Cane crouched down next to her and watch her crying. She was so angry a moment ago, but now she was crying? He really couldn’t understand it her sudden change of mood. 
Iris wiped her tears harshly, which made her face turned so red. Cane caught her hands and wiped them for her gently. 
"Something is bothering you?" 
"I am upset," Iris sobbed. 
"If you are upset, why are you crying?" Cane put his finger under her chin to lift her head up, her eyes were so red, as she bit her lip. She indeed was very upset. "Why are you crying?" 
There were a lot of things that made Iris was very upset, she could talk about it for seven days and seven nights, but the only answer that came out of her mouth was; "I don’t know." 
Cane raised his brows. Confused. Between the two of them, it would be Iris, who would have a better communication about what she felt and thought, but now, she didn’t even know why she was upset and was crying. 
"I don’t know," Iris sniffled, she shook her head and then snuggled against his chest, continued to cry. She wrapped her arms around his waist. She felt queasy. "I don’t like him. He is annoying." 
"I can’t agree more."
###Chapter 616: A SINCERE APOLOGY
Chapter 616: A SINCERE APOLOGY
Iris didn’t know why she was crying like this and why her emotions were all over the places, but she was very upset for what alpha Nolan tried to imply. She was tired of listening how they belittled her and compared her. 
Before, it was Sofia, who tried to put herself in the picture and now alpha Nolan tried to bring up the topic about his daughter, who was no other than Cane’s destined mate. 
Iris didn’t want people started talking about her, not because she disliked the woman she had never met, but because she didn’t want to be compared again. These people would remember Leane along with the event how she died and it would be Iris, who received their hatred again. 
Whatever she did, she would never be enough. She thought, she had given up and was no longer care, but it still pained her to be wronged for something she didn’t do. 
Even so, she felt so bad to even think she didn’t want them to remember Leane and compared her with Cane’s decease mate, which resulted for her to be hated again. 
The more Iris thought about it, the more she felt bad. She was very depressed and upset with the whole thing. 
"I don’t like him," Iris whimpered against Cane’s chest, while he held her in his arms. Both of them were sitting on the ground, next to the sleeping white bear. Lil Thing’s ears twitched when it heard Iris cried and opened it eyes. 
"Okay," Cane said lightly, as he caressed her back and kissed her forehead. He came here to let her knew that her provocation almost caused trouble and a bloody fight, he also wanted to know why she reacted that way, since it was so out of character for his mate. He could understand if Iris used to be like that, but she was not. 
And now, he was thrown out of guard when he ended up comforting his crying mate. 
"Did what Nolan say really bothered you?" Cane asked gently, as he cradled her, while Lil Thing stretched its body and stared at both of them, its small eyes were still sleepy, but they filled with curiosity too. 
Iris nodded. "He wanted me to be hated by your pack member again..." she sniffled, but a little bit calm now. "And the fact I am still not pregnant..." 
Cane immediately stopped her sentence, he pushed her slightly away to cradle her face in between his palms, as he stared deeply into her blue eyes, tears streamed down her cheeks and he disliked to see how distraught she was. 
"The fact that you are not pregnant, it’s because of me. Because I am the one with problem here," Cane said firmly. He started to notice that Iris took the blame for their situation, despite knowing it was him, the caused of the problem. 
Women were expected to give birth an heir, because that was one way for them to make their men felt happy and fulfilled their duty as a woman, a way for them to survive in this crazy era. No woman without a child would last for long to be favored by their man. 
An heir would be a critical issue no matter what pack you were in. 
"Maybe because I am not normal... because I am not like other shifter and used to be sick, that’s why the concoction from Grace didn’t work on me... maybe if it’s another woman..." Iris choked in her own words, the thought Cane was laying down with another woman hurt her so bad. She didn’t even want to imagine that. 
But the idea of it kept rummaging her mind and make her felt nauseated. 
"They will still not get pregnant." The crease between his brows deepened. "The thought of touching another woman that is not you, disgusted me." 
Hearing that, Iris cried again, she buried her face against his chest. 
This time, Lil Thing stretched its body and moved to put its muzzle on Iris’s lap, the white bear nudged her stomach and Iris caressed its head, while still crying. 
Yet, Cane frowned to see this bear changed its position and snuggled to his mate. Its silly face annoyed him, reminding him that the annoying merchant would be here soon. 
============================= 
"Maria sent a letter for Iris, do you want me to give it to her or do you want me to send it to Grace?" Ethan joked around with Cane because he was bored, not because he didn’t have anything to do, but because he had a lot on his plate and didn’t know what to do how to accomplish his tasks, his mind went blank and he looked for Cane to take a break by letting him knew about the letter from Maria. 
Cane glanced at the letter in Ethan’s hand, as his gamma sat down in front of him in the study room. 
"What she said?" Cane asked casually, he didn’t look very interest to know that. 
Ethan shrugged his shoulders. "The gist of it, she is very apologetic for the way she treated her." He then added. "She didn’t include herb in her letter. So, should I give this letter to Grace or Iris?" 
Cane used to give all the herbs that Maria sent for Iris to Grace, based on that, Ethan teased his alpha to send the letter to the healer, though it was not funny at all. His mind simply shut down on him because he was overworked. 
"Give the letter to Iris." His mate deserved an apology. She didn’t need to accept it, but she should know about it. 
"Okay, I will give it to her right away!" Ethan immediately stood up, he looked a little bit cheerful.
"No. Give the letter to the guard, I want you to go to Nolan and give your apology to his beta," Cane said. Alpha Nolan had been making a fuss for what happened yesterday. He wanted Ethan to be punished. 
Ethan scrunched his nose when he heard that. "That stupid beta deserved that." 
"Go and apologize," Cane said sternly. His gamma was trying to rebel again and he didn’t have time to bicker with him. 
Ethan pouted, he crossed his arms in front of his chest to protest. "I heard Iris said she will be so mad at you if you let them punished me. She will also be mad at you if you punished me." 
Cane glared at him when his gamma used his mate. "If you listened to my mate more than me, then maybe I should start to find another gamma." 
Ethan immediately threw his arms in the air. "Okay, okay, I am just joking! I am just teasing you! Let alone an apology, I am willing to give my heart and soul for you!" he said hastily. 
"I don’t need that," Cane replied cruelly. 
"You are so mean." Ethan made a face. "I am going to apologize now." 
If his gamma thought by utilizing his mate, he could get his way, he was completely wrong. Cane indeed favored Iris, but what he was doing was different matter entirely. 
What Ethan was trying to do, though he didn’t have any ill intention, was a gentle reminder that someone would take advantage of his mate because he favored her, just like what alpha Nolan said. He was not wrong in this matter, because that was how it worked. 
"Only apologize," Cane emphasized this before Ethan left the room. 
The gamma turned around and grinned at him. "Don’t worry, I will give him the sincerest apology that I can do." 
His sincere apology was questionable... 
Later that day, the entourage from the Riverside pack arrived. There were around four carriage that looked so humble and an extravagance red carriage that hurt your eyes. You didn’t need to guess, who was inside. 
"Why it’s you, who greeted me? Where is your alpha?" Lou stared at Dean with dissatisfaction from the window of his carriage. "I am here because of your alpha, he should be here to greet me." 
Dean had gotten used to this merchant’s antics when they were in the Howling Wolf pack and worked on the magical device there. "You are here because you asked for the alpha’s help to deal with the royal," he reminded him of this. "The alpha is busy, he has a meeting with alpha Nolan." 
Lou was not happy to be reminded of that. Now Alan was the king, he started to regret it that he treated him so bad in the past. That kind of man was holding a grudge very well... and now, he ended up being stuck with Cane because his options were limited. 
"Where is your luna?" Lou asked again, this time he genuinely excited. 
"Luna Iris is sick," Dean replied almost immediately, as if someone had briefed him. 
"Now I am the one, who is sick with that excuse," Lou growled and shut the curtain, as he barked to Sabian to ride ahead. 
Inside the carriage, Nala stared at the man in front of him with a frown. She couldn’t understand this merchant’s obsession toward that runt, even when he knew very well he was playing with fire if he did something to Iris, Cane could have his head. 
"Why do you like that woman so much?" Nala asked him, she was sitting across from him, wearing only her underwear. "What do you see from her?" She couldn’t understand why important figure like Cane and Lou were infatuated to Iris. 
Lou smirked. "That’s none of your business and I want you be close with Aliana."
###Chapter 617: WHY THE ALPHA SENT ME ALONE?!
Chapter 617: WHY THE ALPHA SENT ME ALONE?!
"What?!" Nala widened her eyes. There must be something broken inside this merchant’s head to even give her such suggestion. 
It was well known that Aliana served Iris and how bad things between her and that luna, there was no way she could get close to Aliana. 
"Are you crazy? There is no way I can get close to Aliana! You know very well, how much that luna hates me, do you really think her servant will like me?" Nala was annoyed beyond words. 
"In that case, can you get close to Iris then?" Lou didn’t seem to think what he was saying, he simply blurted it out. "It will be even better." 
Nala was exasperated to hear that. She wanted to punch this man on the face now. Of course, she had done it countless time in her mind. 
"What do you want!?" Nala was upset. There must be the reason why he wanted her to be close with Aliana. "Do you want to know about that luna’s movement?" Even now, Nala was still reluctant to call Iris by her name and whenever she said ’that luna’, her tone would be filled with mockery and disdain. 
Nala didn’t love her father and his death didn’t really affect her emotionally, but it gave a grief impact in her life because she didn’t have anyone to back her up and her plan to get into Cane’s side was ruined because of Iris. 
If she died during the attack from the royal, it would be great! 
Somehow, it was so easy to hate Iris and direct all her negative feelings toward her. Hating someone was way easier than accepting that you were in the wrong. 
"Yes!" Lou nodded excitedly. "Being close to me makes you smarter!" 
Nala hated it whenever Lou was being overly proud of himself, but she liked his caring side too, since no one had ever shown her such thing and paid close attention to what she liked and disliked. A small thing he did for her, sometimes, made her heart fluttered. 
"There is no way I can get close to Aliana," Nala said in a matter of fact tone. "But, I think I can get close to one of her warriors... what information do you want?" 
"Good girl!" Lou exclaimed, he leaned over and kissed her lips. "You know how to solve a problem now!" 
=============================== 
As it turned out the injury that Ethan caused on Jax, the beta of the Winter Moon pack, was quite severed. He had clawed Jax’s left eyes too deep and now his left eye was blind. 
Oh. Ethan regretted it... he should make him completely blind. 
"An eye for an eye!" Jax roared, as he stood next to alpha Nolan. He glared at Ethan with his healthy eyes, which now seemingly suffused with venom and hatred. "I want his eyes too!" 
"I am here to apologize," Ethan stated, he didn’t interest to hear Jax’s wailing for justice. This was funny to hear someone like them demanded justice. "If you want to punish me, you have to discuss this with my alpha," he said nonchalantly. 
Currently, Ethan was inside the room that filled with people, who wanted to shred him to pieces, but the gamma didn’t show any hint of fear whatsoever. 
"I have apologized and now I need to leave, there is a lot of things I need to take care of," Ethan excused himself, but four warriors stopped him in his track, as they stood in front of the door. "Do you want to keep me here?" 
"Gamma Ethan. I don’t think you understand the situation well enough," alpha Nolan finally spoke, he leaned forward in his chair. He looked so old and calculative. 
"I am sure, I understand it very well, alpha Nolan." Ethan kept his voice even. "Everything that happened is not entirely my fault. If you can discipline your beta better and he could keep his mouth shut, all of this will never happen and he will not suffer the consequences of his own action." He swiftly shifted the blame on Jax instead. Being so close with Cane all this time had shaped him to be cunning too.
When Ethan could control his anger and emotion, he knew when to play innocent and read the situation better. 
"Are you trying to blame my beta for the reason why you attacked him?" Alpha Nolan narrowed his eyes. 
"Yes!" Ethan replied shamelessly, which set Jax off, he really wanted to shift into his beast, but the healer told him not to shift, until his left eye healed. Currently, he had a bandage over his head to cover his blind eye. 
"The audacity!" 
"Gauge his eyes!" 
"An eye for an eye!" 
There was an uproar inside the room. There were around twelve people here and they were from Winter Moon pack. 
"Did Cane want to kill me to send me alone here?" Ethan grumbled under his breathe, he was rather annoyed than afraid for people here to show their hostility toward him. 
"Gamma Ethan." Alpha Nolan stood up from his chair and approached the gamma. "Cane is like his father. He upholds justice..." 
"I think you are wrong in that sense, alpha Nolan," Ethan cut his words before he could spit another nonsense. Alpha Josh wouldn’t have killed prince Vemion and walked the path that Cane treaded now. 
"I don’t think so." Alpha Nolan strode toward Ethan and the gamma didn’t even take a step back, as he held his eyes. 
"Alpha Nolan, you will not do anything to me. You are not in the position to piss my alpha off." Ethan tilted his head. "Just to inform you that I am is my alpha’s favorite person. He will be pissed if something happened to me. You do realize, right? Alpha Cane is the sovereign in the southern kingdom and you are in his territory." 
"How dare a gamma like you threaten the alpha!" Jax roared angrily, but it only caused his eyes hurt even more. 
"Ck. I should have clawed your mouth instead," Ethan said not so quietly. 
============================== 
Iris was very sleepy when she taught Celia how to read and write, she yawned a few times and this made the little girl suggested for them to take a break and walk outside. 
Meanwhile, Haco was sleeping, he slept more often now and started to forget about his surroundings. The lesson from him became non existence now. He didn’t even remember himself and spend his time to stare out of the window. 
"Haco forgets about me," Celia said in sad voice when the two of them walked in the corridor, the six warriors were with them, following behind. "Sometimes, he will talk about a few places that he visited when he was young in the Andelus continent. I think he missed his home there." 
It would be more than five decades now Haco was away from his homeland because of the lycan after he was being kicked out from the Holy Kingdom. 
"Luna, is there no way for him to be cured? Grace said he only needs to rest because he is very old, but he has been resting all the time." 
Iris caressed her cheeks, she didn’t know what to say. "Grace is right, Haco needs to rest. He has done a lot of things and went on a long journey, it’s time for him to rest." 
Celia looked very sad. She stared at her feet. 
Not so long, Zale approached them from the opposite direction, he was holding something in his hand. Now he was well fed and trained, he looked healthy and in good shape. 
"Luna Iris, I heard you are here," Zale greeted her. "Do you like flower?" He had fresh red rose in his hand. "I found this on the way to the training ground and I thought it’s so beautiful and maybe you will like it." 
Iris smiled and accepted the flower, she brought it to her nose and smell the refreshing scent, this made her happy. "Thank you, Zale. I like it." 
"I thought you are allergic to flower." 
Iris almost jumped out of surprised, while the six warriors growled at the sight of the merchant. He walked leisurely toward them with Nala followed behind him. 
"I remember Cane said in the meanest tone that you are allergic to flower when I gave you one," Lou stood behind Zale and the young boy gave him a dirty look. 
Zale didn’t know this man, or who he was, but he already disliked him. He looked very tacky with his red robes. 
"Maybe it’s not the flower that luna is allergic to, but the person, who gave it," Eron muttered under his breath, but it was pretty loud enough for them to hear. 
Hearing that, Lou narrowed his eyes at him, he was ready to give the warrior a snarky comment. 
"I am allergic to a certain flower," Iris said to deescalate the situation. 
"Are you allergic to this one, luna?" Zale asked worriedly. 
"No, I am not, Zale. Thank you for the flower, it’s beautiful." Iris smiled at the young boy, who sighed in relief. 
"Luna, I think this is the time for you to have your lunch," Kian said, he glanced at Nala briefly. 
"Yes, you said you were hungry," Asher chimed in. They still remembered the alpha’s order not to let Lou around his mate. 
"Great!" Lou clapped his hands excitedly. "I am hungry too, let’s eat together. I know a good restaurant around here! It has been a while, since I came here. I will give you a tour! Cane must have confined you here, right?"
###Chapter 618: THE CALM BEFORE STORM
Chapter 618: THE CALM BEFORE STORM
After what happened during breakfast with alpha Nolan, all the warriors became a little bit more polite with Iris, especially when their hatred now was directed to Sofia, who just arrived in this pack. 
They didn’t treat Iris, as if she was a special person, but the hostility that came from them reduced significantly, more so after that breakfast, they could see that their luna was not as timid as she appeared and she could carry herself just fine when it came to a provocation. 
Of course, they loved Leane, as Cane’s mate at that time, therefore, they shared the same disliked toward alpha Nolan when they learned how he demanded hundreds of magic stone from them or he wouldn’t let Leane go to be with her destined mate. He sold his own daughter. 
Now after they learned the baby was not their alpha’s, they only wished the luna would come with good news soon. 
"I have been in this pack for a few times and I think your mate has not yet changed anything." Lou looked excited with the prospect of taking Iris sightseeing in this pack. "Have you ever gambled before? I bet you have not tried it, I can teach you how!" 
Nala was speechless to see Lou’s attempt to get Iris, he was being very obvious and even a blind people could see his infatuation toward the alpha’s mate. He was really tired of living apparently... maybe life was too boring for him and he sought to die. 
Hearing that the six warriors were on alert, they stepped forward and Eron pulled Iris behind his back, which made the merchant growled at him, but the warrior growled back viciously. 
"What do you think you are doing?" Lou asked menacingly, he narrowed his eyes dangerously and looked like he was going to attack the warrior. 
"Back off!" Eron snarled. 
Seeing how the situation was escalating very fast, Iris tugged Eron’s sleeve and poke her head from behind his broad back. 
"I want to have lunch with my mate. You can have lunch with your woman." Iris nodded at Nala. Her presence didn’t go unnoticed by her, especially when the other woman still looked at her with the same jealousy and unfriendly manner. 
But this time, she didn’t worry about her, she was no longer a threat and only a nuisance, as she believed, there was no way she could get her hand on her mate. It was a good thing if the relationship between Nala and Lou progressed, so the two of them could leave them alone. 
"You don’t like her?" Lou’s eyes turned gentle when he looked at Iris. She looked so cute and chubbier. "I can make sure you will never see her again." 
"I don’t want to have lunch with you, Lou." This time Iris’s voice became a little bit firm. 
"Why?" Lou pouted and crossed his arms, like a petulant child. "We can discuss about the tea you gave me before, there are a lot of merchants here right now, I am sure I can secure a few deals for you." 
"You should have discussed that with Aliana. You didn’t reply to a single letter from her," Iris spoke in accusatory tone. Aliana had been sending a few letters to discuss about the tea, but Lou never wrote a single reply. 
"I have not yet received anything. The hawk must be confused on the way." 
That was a blatant lie and Iris was speechless how shameless Lou was. 
"Luna, I saw the alpha over there! Come, I will escort you to him!" Zale tugged Iris’s hand to go with him, even though he didn’t like the alpha, but he disliked this tacky man more. 
Iris let Zale pulled her away and grabbed Celia’s hand to come with her as well, while the other six warriors barraged Lou’s attempt to get Iris again. 
"Stay away from the luna," Dyne said with warning tone. 
Lou threw him a nasty look and his eyes filled with malice when he stared at the young boy, who took Iris away, at the same time, that young boy turned his head and met with his eyes, but there was no fear whatsoever, as he held his gaze briefly and rolled his eyes. 
"Darn mutt!" Lou cursed under his breath and Nala approached him. 
"You make things more difficult for yourself to court her openly." Nala watched Iris’s little entourage. She heard there were seven warriors that were appointed to be her personal guards, one was missing, but she didn’t mind it, because she got her target. 
"Can you see, which one you can get?" Lou’s expression became impassive, but he looked a little bit colder now. 
"Yes. I think I can get close to him." Nala nodded. 
"Good. Do your job well," Lou said nonchalantly and then walked away. 
On the other hand, Nala stared at his retreating back, she had this mixed feeling. 
============================== 
"Cane! I know what you up to!" Ethan was annoyed, he grumbled on his way to find his alpha. 
Cane was talking with Grory and Argean, discussing about a few things related to the pack when his gamma approached him, fuming mad. 
"Do like I say." Cane dismissed the two of them. They were Adrian’s beta and gamma, but with their knowledge about this pack and how cooperative they were, Cane let them to run the pack, still he watched them closely, because he didn’t trust them completely. 
"Yes, alpha," they replied and then left. 
They were standing near the gates and Cane was about to see Redmond and Sofia to instruct them what they needed to do next regarding the baby. 
"Cane, I know why you sent me alone to apologize to that bastard gamma!" 
"He is a beta," Cane corrected him, as he walked out of the gate. Redmond and Sofia didn’t stay in the pack house, he let them stayed in an inn. 
"Whatever!" Ethan was too furious right now to even care with that detail. "Cane, you are trying to use me to feel alpha Nolan, right? Whether he will harm me or not?" 
Cane glanced at his gamma and simply nodded, the gesture made Ethan speechless. 
"Wah... I am so hurt. You even tricked me that way!" Ethan felt so wronged. He learned what Cane was up when he sent him alone to apologize, but it was too late. He was in critical situation a moment ago. 
"He will not harm you," Cane said lightly, as he stopped in front of an inn and entered, while his gamma was still on his ears. 
"How do you know? How can you be so sure? What if you lost me? Don’t you like me anymore?" 
Cane scrunched his brows with that last question. "You said you trust my judgment." 
"But, it doesn’t mean you can throw me around and lead me into your trap without me knowing anything." Ethan felt very miserable, at the very least, he could communicate, right? He thought, Cane had gotten over his old habit. 
"You don’t seem to trust me enough like you have always declared." 
Ethan was speechless. "You can’t throw my word back to me!" 
On the other hand, Iris was looking for Cane, but she couldn’t find him, until the guard told her that the alpha left the pack house with the gamma. They were in the town now. 
"Should we go back, luna?" Eron asked. 
Iris stared at Celia and Zale. "I thought you were in training with Zephyr?" she asked Zale, whose face turned a little bit red. He looked cute when he was caught ditching his training. 
"I want to give the flower immediately to you, luna," he said sheepishly, which made Iris smiled softly at him. 
"Okay, why don’t we go out for a while?" Iris suggested, the last time when she went out was when there was festival. She wanted to visit that bookstore again, she had read all the book... including those three, maybe she could find more... well, not that kind of book, of course... 
========================== 
"Lady! You are awake!" Letto exclaimed when he watched Aria finally opened her eyes. They were bloodshot red. "Welcome back!" 
Aria stared at the ceiling and immediately frowned. "Was it your master?" she asked with hoarse voice. 
"What?" Letto tilted his head. He was very lanky had no muscle at all, as if he would be blown away if the wind was too harsh. 
"Your master revived me again." That was not a question, but a statement. 
"Well..." Letto scratched his head. "I used to tell you, right, that my master is rather fond of you..." It was hard to describe, more so his master didn’t treat her gently or anything that indicating his affection toward Aria, but after following Dexter for years, he was able to see it. 
Aria scoffed and then pushed herself off the bed. 
"Where are you going?" Letto asked when Aria stood up.
"Tell me everything." Aria stopped walking. She intended to look for Dexter, but then there was something she wanted to know. "Where is that monster that I gave birth to?" 
"That’s..." Letto told her everything that he knew and the more Aria heard about that the more she was disgusted. 
Her child? She gave birth to a monster and everything happened because of Dexter! She was miserable now because of Iris! She lived a curse life, even though she was already dead because of Cane, who punished her severely! All of the people here only used her! 
Aria was very sick of it! 
Especially when she heard Cyan created a plan on Winter Moon pack based on the information she gave her! 
************************ 
Send me screenshot of the purchase of the highest tier through instagram to get mini comic of this book. Thank you.
###Chapter 619: THE CALM BEFORE STORM (2)
Chapter 619: THE CALM BEFORE STORM (2)
"Ah! You are here again!" the woman in the bookstore clapped her hand excitedly when she saw Iris walked inside with Zale and Celia, Eron and Dyne came with her, while the rest waited outside. "I see you don’t hide your hair again because he is not here?" she winked at Iris. 
"Wow! Book! A lot of books!" Celia gasped. Because she had never learned how to read before this, thus there was no point for her to go to library when she was in the pack, but now she was interested, especially when she already managed to string a few words together. 
The woman smiled at Celia. "Check that aisle, I am sure you can find a book that you like!" 
Celia looked at Iris first, asking for her permission, only when the luna nodded, she bolted toward the aisle that the woman pointed, but Zale stayed close to Iris. 
"Why don’t you go with your friend and check something out there?" the woman asked Zale gently. 
"I am here to protect the luna, not to look for a book," Zale replied curtly, which made Eron and Dyne snickered and stopped when the young boy threw them a look. It was well proven that he had a bad temper. 
"Go with Celia and find the book you like, I want to talk with her alone," Iris said softly, as she ruffled his hair, which made Zale lowered his head sheepishly. 
"Okay," he said in small voice and then went to the same aisle like Celia. 
Meanwhile, Eron and Dyne knew to keep their distance and give Iris privacy. They were not too far, but not close enough to listen to her conversation. 
"Are you looking for that book again? You come right in time, the merchant from Karam are here and they brought new collection with them, you must check this one out. But..." the woman lowered her voice and gave her a suggestive look. "You have read the book, it’s time to learn it from the expert, I can ask my friend..." 
Iris immediately cut her off before she could suggest her friend again to be her tutor in that matter. She didn’t need a tutor though... 
"I am looking for another book," Iris said hastily. She was not such a maniac to start reading those books all the time and collect them. She would get into trouble if they started to move again. Three books could be hid, but more than that, the chance another people saw it would be more higher. She felt like she was going to die when Cane and Aliana learned about it. 
The woman tilted her head, a little bit disappointed because Iris rejected her suggestion. "What book do you want?" 
"Do you have..." Iris was a little bit uncomfortable when she said it. "Black magic and curse?" 
"Of course, I have!" the woman chirped. After all, book about black magic and curse was not really forbidden, though you need extra effort to find them. 
"No, what I meant is..." Iris fiddled with her fingers. "The forbidden one..." 
The corner of that woman’s lips curled, as she understood what Iris wanted and chuckled, which made Iris felt even more uncomfortable. 
"I know what do you want. I will not say anything about this, don’t worry." The woman beckoned her to come closer, as she went to her desk. 
"Do you have book about the history of the Serafim and the Holy Kingdom?" 
If Haco couldn’t help her with this, she would figure things out on her own, even though, Cane had shown her that you couldn’t believe one hundred percent of what you were reading from a book, because the information could be fabricated, but at the very least, Iris could get the gist of it. 
"Sure! You will like these books!" 
============================ 
"The baby is only being a baby, Redmond, what do you mean he can understand what you are saying?" Ethan stared at the baby on his crib, who stared back at him with his clear eyes. He felt like Redmond was staring at him instead, but this one was less annoying. 
"Tell him a joke," Redmond urged. "He can understand a joke." 
Ethan gave him a nasty look. "Someone hit your head on your way here and spilled your brain? I don’t think you are sane now." 
"Damn it, mutt! Just do it!" Redmond growled. "You will understand." 
Ethan felt like he was going crazy, even more when he took it seriously and actually started to recall a joke that he knew to this baby. 
"What did the horse say after it tripped?" Ethan asked to no one in particular. "Help! I have fallen and I can’t giddy up!" 
Silence. 
"Is that supposed to be a joke?" Redmond gave Ethan a nasty look, while the gamma glared at him. 
"I tried, okay!" 
Maybe because the tension between them and how they talked viciously under their breath, or maybe because the joke was not funny at all, but the baby was crying now. Fat tears fell from his eyes, as his face turned so red. 
"See? He can understand! He cries because your joke was not funny!" Redmond pointed his finger to his son, as he told Ethan proudly. 
"Damn it, red hair! The baby is being a baby!" Ethan bickered with him. 
"He cries because he doesn’t like your joke! He can understand you! Don’t you think this baby inherited my intelligence?" 
"Base on your logic, he has none then," Ethan jeered. 
"What did you say?! I dare you to say it again!" 
"Do you think I am afraid?" 
The two grown ass men were bickering, while the baby was crying and Sofia had enough with the two of them. 
"Enough!" Sofia growled at the two of them and then picked up her son from the crib, as she cradled him in her arms, trying to calm him down. "Your son is crying, but you don’t make any attempt to comfort him." 
"You know that I am not good with a baby," Redmond retorted and Ethan laughed. 
Thankfully, this meaningless argumentation didn’t last long because Cane finished with whatever thing that he was writing, he gave it to Redmond and tell him to leave immediately to the Moon Dew pack. 
After that, Cane left the inn, but he saw Kian. He supposed to be in the pack with Iris, but if he was here, it meant, his mate must be nearby. 
"That’s Kian, right?" Ethan just noticed the warrior when Cane changed his direction. 
It didn’t take long before Cane found Iris, she was walking around the town and tried various food from the stalls there, as she shared it with Celia and Zale. She looked happy and vibrant. 
"Iris!" Ethan shouted when he saw Iris and waved his hand when she looked around to see who had called her and found the alpha and the gamma. 
Without a second thought, Iris rushed toward them and hugged Cane. She missed him so much and was very happy to find him here. 
"Wait... I was the one who called you..." Ethan muttered with a frown. He was the one, who called her, but he was the last person that she acknowledged. 
"What are you doing here?" Iris asked Cane, completely forgot about the existence of the gamma. 
"I want to ask the same thing to you." Cane tucked her hair behind her ear, as he wrapped his arm around her waist. 
"I went to bookstore and buy books," Iris said. She had money now and it felt so good to be able to buy something she wanted. 
"Books?" Cane raised his brows and Iris’s face immediately turned red, as she hastily told him all the book she had bought, trying to prove her innocent, though Cane didn’t say anything about it. "Okay." 
"I don’t buy that book, okay." 
"I never said you ever bought it. I was the one, who paid for that, remember?" So, technically, Iris had never bought that kind of book, if she didn’t buy any this time. 
Ugh. 
Iris was speechless, she knew that she couldn’t argue with him. 
"What book?" Ethan was clueless as he listened to them. "Why am I being ignored?" he frowned when Cane took Iris hand and they walked away. 
Eron and Dyne came to his side and patted his shoulder. "Stop being grumpy, let’s go." 
In the end, they ended up walked around the town and Iris tried a few foods that she had never eaten before, especially when the merchant from Karam continent was here, there were various food from that continent too. 
"Why are you staring at me?" Iris munched on her meat, as they walked. 
"You eat a lot." Cane noticed that. He used to disagree with how little Iris was eating, but recently she ate a lot. 
Hearing that, Iris stopped walking. "Do you want to say that I am fat?" 
Cane smiled. "What is wrong with that?" 
Iris was not satisfied with his answer. 
"Fat or not, you are beautiful." Cane leaned over and kissed the tip of her nose, but Iris scrunched her face and rubbed her nose. "What’s wrong?" 
"Let’s move from here, the smell is very strong. It makes my stomach uncomfortable." Iris covered her nose when the wind carried a strong smell of sweet cake. 
She used to love something sweet, but recently she didn’t even drink her hot chocolate anymore. 
"Are you, okay?" Cane asked, he felt something was off, because he knew this kind of smell wouldn’t bother her. 
"I am fine, just feel a little nauseous, maybe I am eating too much."
###Chapter 620: THE CALM BEFORE THE STORM (3)
Chapter 620: THE CALM BEFORE THE STORM (3)
"Are you sure, you are okay?" Cane narrowed his eyes, his gaze was intense on his mate, because she had been acting off recently. Her emotion was erratic and it happened often. 
"I am fine," Iris grinned, she tiptoed and pulled his clothes to bend his body, so she could kiss his cheek. She was being affectionate more in public, something that used to make her face turned very red. 
Cane stared at her, deep in thought, as he wrapped his arm around her waist, barely grazed her belly. 
"Let’s go back to the pack house. Don’t roam around." 
"But, I am not alone," Iris protested. 
"Still." 
Meanwhile, Celia was chatting with Eron and Dyne, she told him that she bought something sweet for Joel. The girl had grown fond of the young warrior, seeing him as her big brother, as she missed him often. 
On the other hand, Zale was quiet, his eyes would occasionally fix on the luna, he walked right behind her, looking around, as if he was on alert. He was thinking what the alpha had offered to him, but how could he know when he had free time? He used to be away and was very busy all the time. 
When they arrived at the pack house, Zephyr came and reprimanded Zale because he skipped his training. 
"You told me that you are only taking a break for a while, but you left for an entire day." 
Zale left to give Iris flower, but he ended up following her all day in the town. He got a little bit trouble for that and Zephyr gave him a punishment to discipline him. 
Two days later, Cane had a meeting with Redmond before he left to the Moon Dew pack, but when Iris found out about it, she pleaded to come with him too, because it had been a while since she had not yet met with that grumpy warrior. 
"Stay here and rest." Cane caressed her cheek, but Iris had none of it. 
"What do you mean rest? I just woke up." 
Cane frowned and the seven warriors watched how their alpha caved in in the end, which didn’t surprise them anymore. Their alpha could be very strict and cold to anyone, but whenever the luna was in the picture, he softened up. More so, they also noticed how Iris had been very clingy lately. 
"You gain weight." 
That was the first thing that Redmond told Iris the moment he saw her and this made her wanted to squeeze the living out of him for his insensitive comment. He and Lou really needed to wash their mouth with soap some time. 
But then, Redmond added. "I didn’t mean it in a bad way, I mean you used to be very sick and skinny. It’s good that you put on more weight." 
"Nice to meet you too, Redmond," Iris hissed, she regretted to take the pain to come and see him here. She should have listened to Cane when he told her to stay at the pack house. "And congratulation to be a father." 
Iris meant her last words as a sarcastic remark, because Redmond used to complain how much he hated that. Thankfully, at that time, she could simply turn her head away. 
However, Redmond was grinning when he heard that. 
"My baby is awesome!" he said with a big smile plastered on his lips, his face lit up when he mentioned his son, which made Iris smiled as well to see how happy he was, though he didn’t want to admit it. 
Currently, they were in the entrance gate, where they would see Redmond off, the warrior would go to the Moon Dew pack related the matter with Sofia’s baby. This was part of the plan, though it didn’t go as smooth as Cane expected, because what Cyan did and the death of the king had changed his whole plan. 
"Are you going to leave for Moon Dew pack alone?" Iris didn’t see anyone would come with Redmond. "Isn’t that dangerous?" She frowned. 
"It will be fine," Cane said, he caressed her back gently. 
Iris couldn’t see how it would be fine when he sent Redmond away all by himself to the enemy’s den. She was worried and it was justified. How could he send him away without any protection? 
"Cane..." Iris wanted to protest. She had never heard this plan before, but then, if Cane had to elaborate all of his plan and the way he was thinking, it would take seven days and nights to do so and probably most of the ideas, Iris preferred not to know at all. 
"I am thankful that you are worried about me, but there is no need for that," Redmond said when Iris wanted to argue with Cane’s decision. She gave him a look. "I am not going to die, okay? Don’t jinx me." 
"I thought you don’t want to receive any order from him," Iris retorted. 
"What’s the point? You always agreed with him anyway or will end up agreed with him." Redmond shrugged his shoulder and he couldn’t say it any better, since Iris admitted that she had never really given any order to him. 
More so, Redmond could see how well Iris was right now and there were seven warriors that protected her, while the alpha seemingly very infatuated with her, which meant her position as the luna was secured, even though she had not yet given him an heir. 
The situation changed and Redmond also changed his point of view in this whole situation. Not to mention this was the compensation for keeping Sofia and the baby protected. He couldn’t ask for more, if he didn’t want to appear very greedy. 
"I heard you are able to hear now." Redmond changed the topic, because Iris seemingly was going to argue about him leaving alone. He knew she was kind and softhearted, and her genuine concern touched him. 
"Yes, I can hear your voice now." Iris didn’t pay close attention to his voice, because she didn’t find it very endearing like Cane’s. Redmond had this hoarse voice and whenever he argued, his voice would turn into a growl. 
"How is my voice?" 
"I don’t really like it," Iris replied honestly, which made the warriors scoffed and she laughed to see his expression. 
"Go back to the carriage, I want to talk with him for a while, okay," Cane said, he kissed her cheek and Redmond rolled his eyes. The alpha didn’t need to be very affectionate in front of him, right? 
"Okay," Iris replied docilely, as she walked back toward the carriage. 
"If you have time, can you see my son? I am worried Sofia will not take care of him properly. Just take the baby from her if you think she is being mean," Redmond shouted at Iris. He was simply talking nonsense, since Sofia adored her little one. There was no way in hell, she was going to harm her baby. 
"Can’t promise that," Iris replied sourly. The baby was the same baby that people in the Howling Wolf pack thought was Cane’s and if she visited the baby, it meant, she would meet with Sofia. Seeing the history between them, she didn’t think that would be a good idea at all. 
"Okay." Redmond didn’t bother with that. And once it was only him and Cane, his expression turned very serious, his voice deepened, as he talked to the alpha. "You trust me this much?" 
"Not really." 
"There will be a high chance I will betray you." 
"I know." Cane nodded and Redmond narrowed his eyes, he couldn’t understand why he was given this assignment. 
But then, his son and the mother of his baby were here, in his hand. 
"And knowing that, you still go on with this plan? You are insane." 
Cane said nothing, he only stared at the frustrated warrior before him, which made Redmond became even more speechless. 
"I am not part of your people. I am from the pack that had enslaved your people." 
"So did my mate." 
Redmond was lost for words. Cane was right and the meaning behind his curt words was he saw beyond that. 
"Well, Iris always goes along with your decision in the end, I didn’t do it for you, I didn’t pledge my loyalty to you," Redmond emphasized this, as if it could change anything. 
"Okay," Cane said simply. 
Redmond scratched his head and then waved his hand. "Fine. I will go now. Don’t blame me if I changed my mind in the middle of it. You know that I can impregnate any woman that I want. I am sure I can find another woman in the Moon Dew pack." The statement simply told Cane not to hold Sofia and the baby over his head, because it wouldn’t work. 
"Okay." 
The answer was still the same and before the alpha drove him crazy, Redmond chose to leave immediately. 
Once he took off, Cane returned to the carriage and find Iris was waiting for him. 
"Why did you send him away alone?" Iris clutched on his clothes, as she came closer to him. She literally straddled him now without her knowing it.
"I will tell you later," Cane said, he caressed her thighs and kissed her neck. There was this complicated look in his eyes. "Let’s go back to the pack house, you need to rest." 
"I don’t want to rest." 
"If everything went well with the meeting with the merchant. We are going to the Red Claw pack next week, it will be a long journey. You need to rest." 
"Can I go with you to the meeting?"
###Chapter 621: THE CALM BEFORE STORM (4)
Chapter 621: THE CALM BEFORE STORM (4)
Iris wanted to be close with her mate all the time, she had been miserable missing him all day and had little time when he finally returned late at night, because she was already very sleepy and often, Cane would have gone the moment she woke up. 
Yes, both of them would wake up in the middle of the night, or it would rather be said that Iris was the one, who woke him up because she felt very needy... but still, that was not enough for her. 
"Can I?" Iris nuzzled against his neck, trying to make him give in to her demand. The problem with Redmond was forgotten for a while, because she had something that she wanted from her mate. "I want to go with you, I promise I will not cause trouble. I will wait in the carriage if you don’t want to take me to the same room. Please..." 
Cane couldn’t take it anymore. "Okay." 
"Really?!" Iris pushed away from him slightly and her bright blue eyes stared at him, rendering him speechless. "I love you!" She leaned over and kissed him on the lips. 
"You must behave." 
"I am always behave!" Iris hugged him tightly. "Thank you!" 
"Careful," Cane said in low voice, as he caressed her back and secured her body on top of him, as the carriage started to move, she could fall if she moved recklessly like this. 
However, soon Cane regretted it when he took Iris with him, because he failed to remember that Lou would attend this meeting too and the merchant looked so pleased to see his mate again. 
"Iris! I am so happy to see you here!" Lou exclaimed and his screeching voice hurt her ears. 
She hoped, she could turn deaf only for him. 
"I heard you went out of the pack house that day I told you that I am going to take you out to see the town." 
"Where did you go?" 
"I know a great place, I will take you there, okay?" 
"Why don’t you talk to me?" 
She clung onto Cane, as she stared at the merchant with expressionless face, while Cane ignored Lou, but when the merchant was being too close with his mate, he growled at him. 
"Back off Lou. I will not tolerate this kind of behavior." 
Lou clicked his tongue. He was getting bold right now, but he was not a threat in Cane’s eyes, at least not yet. He could handle this merchant, since he was only being ridiculously annoying, but that certain man would always be a thorn under his skin. 
"I didn’t even talk with you, what’s wrong with it?" 
During the meeting with another four merchants from Karam, it was proven that Cane’s decision to take Iris with him was right, because she could tell him every detail of the conversation, since they talked in Kars, that was the language that they used in Karam continent. 
Cane knew a few words and could tell what they were talking about, but he missed the detail because that was not the language, he was fluent of, but Iris helped him with that. 
In the past, he had asked her to teach him, but because there were a lot of things that was going on, the lesson stopped naturally. 
Meanwhile, Lou tangled in a complex discussion with the other merchants, as he bid for lower price, pointing out how they were being very ridiculous and tore them a new one whenever they tried to argue back. 
Iris had never seen Lou was being this serious before, he always looked very easy going and cheerful, almost like Ethan, but he was the insane version of the gamma. 
"Cane, I want to serve them the alcohol tea, is it okay?" Iris had this idea to introduce the special tea from the Howling Wolf pack. She had asked Lou’s help, but all the merchant cared about was to get a way to interact with her. He didn’t really help. 
"Okay." Cane watched his mate beamed, as she went outside of the room and asked one of the warriors to retrieve the tea leaves from the pack house. 
It didn’t take long and the tea was served for all of them. 
At first, the four merchants frowned because they didn’t really drink tea. Tea was not a thing in Karam continent. 
"You need to try it, you will not find this tea anywhere else," Iris spoke in Kars, telling them to take a break for a while. 
"Wait, is this the alcohol tea?" one of the merchants frowned the moment he tasted it. This kind of tea was popular in the past, but because the pack had fallen from its grace, they couldn’t produce it anymore. 
"Ah, right! You are from the Howling Wolf pack!" 
Iris smiled when they recognized it. Aliana was right that the tea was very popular back then and she told her a few details about it, which helped her to explain it to the merchant. 
This time, they chatted casually about the tea, it was so clear that they were interested to invest in this and Lou saw this as opportunity to make a new deal with them, while Cane stared at his mate proudly. She knew a lot of things about his pack and she was willing to learn that. 
"Thank you," Cane said in whispery tone. 
"Hm? For what?" Iris was confused, but he didn’t elaborate what he was grateful for, because there were a lot. 
The meeting lasted for four hours and Iris was getting tired to listen to them, in which Cane took her to the second floor, where he had booked a room for her, since he knew the meeting could be difficult and take a long time. 
The meeting itself happened in the first floor, where it was a restaurant with a private room. 
"But, how do you know about the detail of their conversation if I am not there?" Iris asked, during those two hours, she whispered to Cane whenever she found an important detail about the discussion between Lou and the other four merchants. 
"I am not that clueless, Iris. I can get the gist of their conversation. Rest now," Cane said, he leaned over and kissed the tip of her nose. "I will ask Aliana to come here and accompany you." 
"There is no need, I will go to sleep. I am a little bit sleepy," Iris yawned and Cane’s eyes filled with complicated feeling. He stared at her for a long while before he went back to the meeting and spent another two hours in this heated argument. 
However, his mind was elsewhere, thankfully, Lou held the meeting well and he didn’t need to say much, since his point was very clear. 
"Dang! You need to pay me double for this!" Lou grumbled, he complained as soon as the merchants left the room and he was left alone with Cane. 
"If I have to pay you for this, you can deal with the royal by yourself," Cane replied. 
Lou growled at him. "Now tell me what are you going to do with the royal family? Will you rebel against them?" Lou didn’t have any idea what Cane was going to do to get them out of the problem with the royal, but whatever it was, he couldn’t care less, as long as he was alive. He knew that Alan would be crazy enough to demand his head once he stepped into the capital city. "Will you use that golden stamp to oppose the royal." 
"Do you really thing that golden stamp still effective?" Cane sipped the alcohol tea. Iris wanted to drink it before, but he was very stern to put it away from her. This tea was special and the refreshing smell that came from it would make you hard to resist not to drink. 
"Right. That stupid Alan will not care about that." Lou became even more frustrated. 
"He is a king now." 
Lou scoffed. "Oh, Cane. You know that you don’t think of him as a king at all." He rolled his eyes. "I might sound crazy, but I like king Aeon more. At least, the late king played by the rule, while this retarded king is very erratic and is driven by impulse." 
Lou fixed his eyes on Cane and his voice became more serious. 
"Did lady Cyan really kill the king? Where do you think she is right now? Don’t you think she is hiding in the palace? After all, her son becomes the king now." 
Cane had the same thought like him, but all he said was; "I don’t know." 
"Damn it, Cane! At least, tell me how we can get out of this mess!" Lou had been very frustrated, he forgot to put on act to be nice with the alpha. Probably, because he already used to be around him by now. He dropped all the formalities. 
"Just do what I said, I will tell you when the time is right." 
Cane’s answer drove the merchant crazy, because he really disliked this kind of game and after the alpha finished his tea, he left Lou alone to see his mate, who was sleeping peacefully, her lips were slightly open and she breathed evenly. 
Cane knelt down beside the bed and caressed her face, he stared at her for a long time with a lot of thoughts swirled in his mind. He wanted to call Grace over, but somehow, he dreaded the result if it was not up to his expectation. Maybe he read too deep into it. 
Cane’s eyes fell on her flat stomach...
###Chapter 622: THE CALM BEFORE STORM (5)
Chapter 622: THE CALM BEFORE STORM (5)
Cane spent hours staring at his sleeping mate, as a lot of things swirled in his mind. He caressed her hair, cheeks, nose, lips, her shoulders and her stomach... unsure what to expect. 
And when he kissed her lips, Iris woke up, she opened her eyes sleepily. 
"Did I wake you up?" Cane nibbled on her neck and Iris moaned in delight. She pulled him closer to her and mindlessly initiated the sex, like she used to do lately. She lusted after him even more in this past few days. 
This time, Cane did it cautiously, it took so much effort for him not to lost his control even for a second and hurt her. There would be a moment when they were on the throes of passion that he couldn’t hold himself back and unintentionally hurt her, though it didn’t last long before he regained his self control back, but he couldn’t afford it this time. 
Because, what if... 
Expectation, hope, could kill you more than you realized, therefore, he wanted to take precaution. Not only for her, but also for himself. 
There was this gnawing fear in inside him, what if he misinterpreted the sign and became delusional because he read thing too deep. 
On the other hand, Iris fell asleep after their passionate moment, she looked exhausted, but satisfied, as she curled herself on the bed, while Cane looked after her. 
The alpha took it upon himself to clean her up, he wiped her body, but his eyes lingered on her flat stomach a little bit longer. 
Iris only woke up when Cane fed her dinner and drank her concoction, after that, she literally passed out until the next morning, where she found Cane was still by her side. 
Because of how busy he was, Iris used to wake up and see Aliana the first thing she opened her eyes, but to see her mate, it was a pleasant surprised. 
"Cane..." Iris snuggled into his arms and rubbed her face against his chest happily with her eyes closed. She was about to fall asleep again, but Cane kept her awake. 
"You need to wake up, you ate only little last night." Cane played with her curls between his fingers and kissed her forehead lightly. He liked her scent, because it brought peace to his mind. 
As if on cue, Iris’s stomach started to grumbling, she frowned and nuzzled him. "I am sleepy." 
"But, you are hungry." 
"Hm." 
Cane rubbed her back and Iris mewled, she started to rub herself against him and this wouldn’t do. It was a wonderful feeling for having your mate lusted after you, but the alpha was not going to tire herself out, especially when she was not thinking straight at this moment. 
Iris whimpered when she didn’t get what she wanted and Cane pulled away from her. She opened her eyes and frowned. 
"Come on, you need to take a bath, after that we are going to have breakfast with the merchants." 
Iris blinked her eyes when she heard that. "You are going to take me?" Her blue eyes lit up when Cane nodded. 
However, he told her that she was going to stay in the room like yesterday, while he was having a meeting in the other room. She felt miserable whenever he was away, but even if she was not in the same room with him, knowing he was nearby, it helped to reduce her misery. 
"Up." Iris raised both of her arms, asking Cane to pick her up. "I am tired..." she said sheepishly. She was not sure what happened with her, but she became annoyingly clingy toward him. She tried to stop her impulsiveness, but she couldn’t help it. 
Thankfully, Cane was being extremely gentle and patient with her, as he obliged without even changing his expression. He picked her up and took her to the bathroom, where he spent extra effort to wash her hair, while she fell asleep again. 
"Why I can’t open my eyes? I feel very sleepy..." Iris yawned. She had slept throughout the night and even earlier than her sleeping time, but even so, she still felt sleepy and exhausted. 
"You can sleep again once you ate your breakfast." Cane dried her hair and after that styled it. It had been a while, since he did it and he enjoyed spoiling her like this. 
Iris yawned as answer and Cane chuckled to see her rubbed her sleepy eyes. 
Inside the carriage, Iris would sit on his lap and talked about a few random things that she learned from this pack, also suggested a few ideas about the alcohol tea, in which Cane listened to it carefully. He liked some of her idea and definitely would make Lou did exactly that. 
Maybe it was not all about her random thoughts and the way she was thinking, but it was simply how he loved to hear her voice and watched how his timid mate could be a chatter person. She was rather snarky and emotional recently. 
"Oh! It’s so great to see you again!" Lou greeted Iris, being overly friendly with her, even though Nala was by his side. Seeing Cane took Iris to the meeting, he had this idea to take Nala with him also. It was indeed so great to see her. 
Meanwhile, Nala stole a glance at Cane again. It had been a while, since she saw him the last time and she also heard about the baby. The alpha must be devastated that the baby was not his. If it was her, she must have given him a baby, an heir to the pack. Why would he keep that useless runt by his side? 
Sensing the way Nala stared at her mate, Iris wrapped her arms around Cane’s waist and lifted her chin, while staring at the other woman provocatively, which made Nala was seething and Lou was speechless, because he was being ignored again. 
"Be good and eat your breakfast, okay?" Cane kissed the top of her head, as he watched her upset little face. 
After that, Cane immediately directed Lou to the meeting room with the other merchant and reminded him that he was not going to help with the summon from the king, if Lou failed to secure the deal with the merchants regarding the grain for the packs in the south. 
Begrudgingly, the merchant followed him, he cursed under his breath, seething with rage, but he needed to keep up with his fa?ade and accepted the fact that Cane was the only way for him to survive the ridiculous accusation from the royal family. 
Meanwhile, Aliana took Iris to her bedroom, while Nala stood there, didn’t know what to do, because Lou didn’t give her any instruction. She looked lonely and pitiful, as she stood next to Lou’s tacky red carriage with Sabian. 
"Why don’t you come inside and try a few dishes in the restaurant?" Sabian suggested to her. He didn’t think his master took liking on this woman, but at the very least, he could wish his master could reduce his obsession toward another man’s woman with Nala’s presence, especially this alpha. His master was really playing with danger. 
"Okay." Nala went inside after Iris’s little entourage. She stared at the seven warriors that followed her and a beautiful woman that tended to her. She didn’t bring that stupid maid again this time. "Your name is Kian, right?" Nala greeted one of Iris’s warriors, who walked slower than the other. 
The warrior gave her an awkward smile. "Yes, is there something I can help with?" 
Being with a lot of men, it gave Nala a great instinct whenever a man was taking interested in her, she knew this warrior had been checking on her whenever they met, ever since their first encounter in the Howling Wolf pack. 
"I am not sure what to eat, but can you suggest something? This is the first time I am here," Nala said sheepishly. 
However, before Kian could answer that, Eron immediately strode toward him and wrapped his arm around his shoulder. 
"This is also the first time we are here, you better ask the local," Eron answered the question for Kian and dragged his fellow warrior back to their group, leaving Nala alone. 
Being treated like this didn’t make Nala showed her sour expression, instead, she smiled and thanked Eron. 
"What do you think you were doing?" Eron hissed at Kian once they were out of Nala’s earshot. 
"What?" Kian looked defensive right now. He pushed Eron away from him, as they stood guard around the corridor of Iris’s bedroom, while Aliana went inside with her. "I didn’t do anything, she only asked a simple question." 
"Do you think I am blind? She is trying to flirt with you." 
"Don’t be ridiculous. Even though her family has fallen because of the death of her father, but she is still a highborn, there is no way she is taking interest in me," Kian replied annoyingly. He hated to be reminded of it. 
Eron clicked his tongue. "Stay away from her. You know exactly that woman is a bad news, don’t tangle with her." 
Kian said nothing and crossed his arms in front of his chest. 
After that, the meeting happened for another three hours and when Cane returned to check on Iris, she was throwing up. 
"What happened here?!" Cane asked darkly, as he approached his mate hastily. 
"She wanted hot chocolate, but when she drank, suddenly she was throwing up." 
Poison? 
That was the first thought that came in Cane’s mind. 
"Call Grace!" 
************************ 
Send me screenshot of the purchase of the highest tier through instagram to get mini comic of this book. Thank you.
###Chapter 623: THE CALM BEFORE STORM (6)
Chapter 623: THE CALM BEFORE STORM (6)
Having witnessed all the horrendous things that could possible to happen, Cane’s mind went straight to the worst when he saw Iris was vomiting. 
He didn’t think straight. Hell. He was not even able to think. 
This was not the first time, he saw her vomiting like this. In truth, he had seen her having a mental breakdown and vomiting a handful of time, but because of his recent suspicion, he became extremely alerted when something went wrong with her. 
His body tensed up and his veins bulged and he let out dangerous aura, while negative thoughts plague his mind. 
"Kian has gone to call Grace," Aliana said, she gave clean towel to Cane, which he used to wipe her mouth and sweat, once she stopped retching. 
"Why nobody informed me?" Cane asked darkly, as he lifted Iris’s body and walked toward the bed, Aliana followed behind him. 
"Don’t worry alpha, I think she is only eating something wrong." She was not sure what the cause of this because Iris was fine a moment ago. 
"Only?" Cane narrowed his eyes dangerously at Aliana, which made her realized her mistake and started to explain herself, but he was having none of it. "Leave, Aliana. I will take care of my mate," the alpha said sternly. 
"But... yes, alpha." Aliana was about to retort, but thankfully, she was wise enough to read the situation and immediately left without being told twice. 
"Don’t be too harsh on her," Iris said, she looked a little bit pale and her body was cold. "I am fine." 
Cane said nothing and simply gritted his teeth, trying to collect his scattered thoughts and keep his composure, while waiting for Grace to arrive. 
"Cane, what happened?" Iris sat down and cupped his face. She frowned. "I am fine, I was only vomiting. I think I eat something wrong... that’s all." 
In Iris’s mind, Cane’s reaction was over the top, she knew that he had been very protective of her lately, but this time, he took this matter into another level, as if he had witnessed her was being beaten up or something. 
"Cane, you scared me," Iris said in small voice, she didn’t like him like this. He was acting so weird and she could feel it. 
With what she said, Cane closed his eyes and sighed deeply. "I am sorry." He kissed her palms to comfort her. He felt like Grace took forever to arrive, even though it was only a little bit over ten minutes ever since he found his mate was vomiting. 
When Grace was there, Iris felt better. Actually, after throwing up, she didn’t feel anything wrong with her body. She wanted to tell Cane that he didn’t need to call Grace, but seeing how stormy his face was, she shut her mouth. He scared her and Iris meant it when she said that. 
"Check on her," Cane commanded Grace sternly. He stood next to the bed, fixed his eyes on his mate, which made Iris flinched with the intense gaze that Cane gave to her. There was something wrong with the alpha and neither Iris nor Grace could put their finger on it. 
Grace was actually afraid to see the alpha right now, because he seemed like someone, who was going into a war. He had this stern look on his face. 
More so, it was a little bit tricky whenever she had to check on Iris because her constitution was so different and she didn’t have normal reaction to healing power, thus she had to take her time to find out what was wrong. 
Iris gave her hand for the healer to check on her because she wanted this to be done as soon as possible, then she could ask Cane why he was reacting like this. He scared them all! 
Grace took her hand and started to check on her pulse, she used her power to examine her body and sighed in relief when she didn’t find anything weird, neither something dangerous. Actually, she was very healthy, only a little bit tired. 
All this time, Cane fixed his eyes on Iris and then her without saying anything and the poor healer felt like the alpha was going to create a hole behind her back, because of the intensity of his gaze. 
But then, she felt it. She felt this ticklish, fluttering feeling when she spread her healing power to check on Iris’s body thoroughly. There was some change in her body and she didn’t even believe it. She didn’t even realize when she held her breath and her expression stiffed. 
"What happened?" Iris asked, because she faced her, thus she could see how Grace looked very shocked. "Something is wrong?" Iris frowned. 
Hearing that, Came came closer and watched Grace noticed something, slowly the healer looked at him, she opened her mouth to say something, but then she closed it again. She was visibly trembling. 
"Grace, what happened?" Iris screeched because she acted so weird. She pulled back her hand from Grace’s grip. 
"Heaven..." Grace breathed, as she shook her head and this time, she stared at Iris. Her eyes filled with tears, which confused her even more with this reaction. 
"What is it?" Iris became agitated with her reaction. Why would she react this way? She made her stomach churned. 
"Say it, Grace." Cane’s voice was so deep. He needed this clarification. 
"You are pregnant, luna." Grace’s voice was shaking. She didn’t believe it. She didn’t believe that one day she would announce this. 
She indeed had worked hard on her medication to help with the alpha’s infertility, but she was not as optimistic as she appeared, since she knew very well the chance for him to have his own heir was close to zero. She only tried her best, so she wouldn’t regret to give up too soon on her alpha. 
Yet, it happened. 
The luna was pregnant. If she was pregnant, there would be only one man, who had done it. Iris had only been with Cane and all of them knew and was able to see how much they were being affectionate with each other. 
Silence fell heavily inside the room after what Grace said. 
Iris blinked her eyes and frowned. She was not sure that she heard her correctly, because she asked her again to repeat what she was saying. 
"What did you say?" She was afraid to let her hope went to high only to realize she got the information incorrectly. 
"You are pregnant, luna... you are pregnant. This must be an early pregnancy, probably the fetus is about a month or so..." Grace grabbed her hand again and checked on her pulse, while she spread her healing power around her body to have an accurate inspection. This time she did it even more careful than before. She asked a few questions to her. "Six to seven weeks. The fetus is six to seven weeks old." 
Iris felt her ears rang with that statement, she felt there were butterflies fluttered their wings inside her stomach, as she touched her tummy with trembling hand. She was pregnant, there was a baby inside of her. Her first child, Cane’s child. 
Have you ever felt like your heart grew in size and you have been blind before, but now you could see things clearly, as if you saw the world differently. Everything look so beautiful and her heart was so warm and calm. 
Like a soft moonlight that basked your entire being, like that beautiful, magical place, where she and Cane finally had their genuine moment together, as if her heart was big enough to feel everything at once. 
"Cane?" Iris tiled her head and looked at Cane. Her mate was standing by the bed side without saying a single word. He didn’t move, as if he had turned into a statue. 
"Leave, Grace," Cane said in hoarse voice. "Don’t say anything about this yet." 
Grace nodded and immediately stood up, leaving the two of them alone inside the room. She knew they needed time alone and the alpha must be very overwhelmed, despite how stoic he appeared. 
More so, this was a crucial news that she couldn’t tell anyone easily without the alpha’s permission. The luna was conceiving an heir for the pack and they were in the middle of dire situation against the royal, something like this needed to be treaded carefully. 
"What happened inside? What happened to the luna?" Aliana immediately bombarded Grace with a lot of question, while the other seven warriors waited for her answer too. They didn’t see it, but based on what Aliana told them, the alpha was very furious because they didn’t inform him about Iris’s condition and they dreaded the punishment. 
Grace shook her head. "Don’t worry. The luna is fine." 
All of them sighed in relief when they heard that, because if something happened to her and they failed to inform the alpha right away, probably hunting down monsters would be a joyous punishment than the actually punishment they would receive from their alpha. 
"Why she was throwing up? Did she really eat something bad?" Aliana was still concern with that.
But, right at that time, Ethan rushed toward them. His expression was very gloomy, he looked like he was going to kill someone, which spike the tension again. 
"Where is Cane?" he asked gloomily. "Is he inside?" The gamma was about to enter the room hastily. 
"Wait! You can’t go inside now!" Grace blocked his way, but Ethan growled at her in frustration. 
"Move away, Grace. This is not the time for this!"
###Chapter 624: THE STORM WILL COME
Chapter 624: THE STORM WILL COME
Once Grace left the room, Cane came closer to Iris, he leaned over and rested his head against her shoulder without saying anything, which made her confused. He didn’t put all of his weigh on her and rested his arms on each side of her body. 
"Cane..." Iris stretched out her hand and caressed his head. "Did you hear what Grace said? I am pregnant!" Iris said excitedly. She wanted to cry tears of joy when she heard what Grace told them. She felt her heart was swollen with happiness, but Cane responded to the news very weird. "Are you, okay? Are you not happy?" 
Cane shook his head. "I am, Iris. Very much." 
Iris put both of her hands on the side of his face and pushed him slightly away, so she could see his eyes and she found the most gentle eyes that she had ever seen. Cane stared at her with the way that was hard to describe. It almost felt like he could see her soul and for the first time, Iris was sure that he loved her too, despite there was no words that were being said. 
"Thank you," Cane said softly, he pulled her closer and rested his chin on the top of her head. "Thank you, Iris." 
Dark wisp emanated from his body and Cane growled in low voice, sounded annoyed and Iris chuckled, understood what was going on. In the past, both of them would be panic whenever this dark wisp would appear, especially when they were in an important occasion and no one could know about it. 
But right now, they knew how to handle it and what the reason this wisp would appear. 
It didn’t take long before the dark wisp disappeared and Cane regained his complete control back, while Iris nestled against his chest. He could hear her strong heartbeats and how peaceful she was breathing. 
"Please, don’t do anything recklessly. Stay safe." Cane caressed her long, curly hair. He meant every word he said. He only wanted his mate and their baby to be safe. There was nothing else he wished for. 
"Okay." 
"Promise me that you will put yourself first." 
"Okay." 
Cane didn’t convince with that. "Don’t get hurt." 
"Okay." Iris snuggled closer against him and sighed deeply, feeling protected and at peace. 
However, before they could continue with this conversation and before they could savor this precious moment together, Ethan entered the room. He strode across the room hastily. 
"I am sorry for the interruption," Ethan said in gloomy voice. "But this is an important news." He looked very serious, not like his usual self, which threw Iris on alert. 
"I will come back," Cane said, but Iris clutched on his shirt. She wanted to know. If Ethan was like this, she wanted to know what was going on. 
"No, please tell me too what happened?" The first thing that came into her mind was Redmond. She had been worried about him because he went alone to the Moon Dew pack, knowing something horrendous might happen to him. 
However, Cane reassured her that was not going to happen, yet who could guarantee that? 
"This..." Ethan looked a little bit awkward, he glanced at Cane and only after the alpha nodded, he finally spoke. "The royal family already took control over the Crescent Moon pack. Alpha Derick pledged his loyalty to the new king." Ethan felt his tongue would be burned if he addressed Alan as the king. He hated that man to the core. 
More so, the gamma had warned Cane about this that if they didn’t do anything Crescent Moon pack would fall into the royal territory and it was only a matter of time. 
"But, that’s not the only thing..." Ethan furrowed his brows deeply. "Alpha Derick will surrender without a fight and agreed to keep guarding the north kingdom from the monster if they pardoned prince Kellan." 
Iris flinched with the mentioned of his name and Cane hugged her a little bit tighter. "Why?" This single word carried malice in his voice. 
"Because prince Kellan mated with alpha Derick’s youngest daughter." 
"What?" Cane was caught out of guard. He didn’t have any idea about this, neither he expected this twist. "Is she his destined mate?" 
"I am not sure. Our spy couldn’t get more information more than this." Ethan shook his head, he looked confused as well. 
No wonder, alpha Derick didn’t hand over Kellan. Not only he was fond of him, ever since he was still the crown prince, but because he was also the mate of his daughter. Whether they were mated because of destiny or it was by choice, no matter what was that, alpha Derick had never mentioned about it in his letters. 
Thing didn’t go as he planned. 
"What the result?" Cane asked grimly. 
"The problem is that’s the last contact we have with our spy there. I think the situation there became even more dangerous, this the Nexus’s letter after two months, maybe it will take longer for him to send us another report." Ethan then came up with another concerning news. "Our people spotted the border guard warriors gathered at the southern border." 
After the death of the king and Sir Elijah, Cane mobbed the border guard warriors out of the southern area by using the golden stamp. They didn’t have any power to reject that and left their post. 
But for them to return and gather around the border again, which meant, someone had given them command and made a move. It didn’t take a genius to guess, whose command that was. 
"How many of them?" Cane’s grip around Iris’s body tightened. This news really spoiled their happiness. 
"There are around ten thousand of them." Ethan’s expression turned ashen when he mentioned this. "They are only two days away from Diandem pack. 
Diandem pack was the southernmost pack. If the royal warriors penetrated the southern area, they needed to take down this pack first. 
"How many warriors we have here?" 
"We bring around three hundred warriors, with the additional two hundred and fifty warriors from Bloody Wolf pack, three thousand warriors of Diandem pack and four hundred warriors of Winter Moon pack." Ethan calculated everything quickly. "Including the warrior from Winter Moon pack, we have only three thousand nine hundred and fifty warriors available." 
That number didn’t even reach half of the number of the border guard warrior. 
Cane didn’t talk for a moment. He fell into a deep silence and neither Iris nor Ethan was dare to interrupt his line of thought. Iris went still in his arms, trying to think of solution, maybe she could come up with an idea, but the more she was trying to think of this matter, the more she only hurt her head. This kind of strategy was not her forte at all. Her mind simply went blank, she couldn’t think of anything and felt bad because she couldn’t help... 
"Send letter to Clad in the Blue moon pack to prepare two thousand warriors and tell Jace to prepare one thousand warriors from our pack and let Clad led them here." Clad was one of the six spies, he was in charge for the Blue Moon pack after Lyle’s betrayal to calm the situation there. "Tell Leros in the Riverside pack to march with three thousand warriors and Arthur in the Crystal Moon pack to prepare two thousand warriors and Bloody Wolf pack to send another two thousand warriors." 
"Yes, alpha," Ethan said solemnly. They wouldn’t arrive right away, especially the warrior from their pack and Blue Moon pack, since they were the furthest pack from here, but warriors from the Bloody Wolf pack could arrive within two days or even faster than that. 
Still, if those ten thousand border guard warriors received an order to attack, they would need to hold on their stronghold, until the reinforcement came. 
"Ethan." Cane stopped the gamma from leaving, where he stopped and immediately approached him again. 
"Is there more?" Ethan had this seriousness on his expression, as he waited for Cane’s next order, but what the alpha said next left him speechless. 
"Iris is pregnant." 
Ethan blinked his eyes, as if Cane was talking in different language. "Who?" 
"Me." Iris smiled, she lifted her head slightly, waiting for Ethan to congratulate her. At the very least, they could share this joy with him, since Ethan was one of the closest people for both of them. 
Ethan frowned even more. "How?" 
This time, it was Iris, who was frowning. What kind of respond was that? The gamma knew exactly that they were trying for the baby and Grace had been helping them. 
As if he got back to his sense, Ethan widened his eyes in shock. "No, I meant... Wow! You did it!" Ethan then looked at Cane. "You are serious, right? You are not joking, right? Wait. No. You don’t do joke. Wow!" 
Ethan’s eyes fell into Iris’s flat stomach and then he remembered Grace was here when he entered the room, which meant it had been confirmed. 
"Wow!" Ethan kept repeating the words a few times, as he didn’t know what to say. "Congratulation!" He exclaimed and approached Iris, in his impulsiveness, he attempted to hug her. He was extremely, genuinely happy for both of them. Especially when they were well aware that Cane’s effort to treat his infertility was akin to a desperate attempt. 
"If the letter is delayed and we are under attack, you will be responsible for every dead soul," Cane said coldly before Ethan could touch his mate. 
The gamma immediately stopped, he grimaced. Cane’s words were so cruel!
###Chapter 625: THE STORM WILL COME (2)
Chapter 625: THE STORM WILL COME (2)
"Cane, you are the one, who asked me to stay!" Ethan protested. He was very sure that this alpha would give him more headache in the future with how possessive and overprotective he would be, but then he wouldn’t complain so much, since he was very happy to finally see Cane got what he deserved and fate was not too cruel on him. 
More so, he got a glimpse of how Cane would treat Iris, since he had witnessed firsthand how the alpha was with Leane when she was pregnant. Probably, his tendency to be overprotective could be worst, giving how dire the situation they were now and the history of Iris’s health. 
"A hug will not hurt her," Ethan grumbled. 
On the other hand, Iris started laughing. She took the initiative to let go of Cane and approached Ethan. She gave the gamma a big hug so he could stop sulking. She felt like Ethan was more brother than the one she had. She liked the gamma a lot. 
"Thank you!" Iris said happily, as she wrapped her arms around his body. 
"Hey! I am not the one, who is hugging, okay!" Ethan raised both of his arms in line of his shoulder, gesturing he didn’t even touch Iris, but it was the other way around, as his eyes met with his alpha’s. "She is the one, who is hugging me." 
Hearing that, Iris laughed even more, in which made the alpha a little bit tolerable to see his mate hugging another man, but only for this time and it was because of how great the relationship of the two of them.
Seeing the alpha said nothing, though his expression was still screaming danger, Ethan sighed and shifted his attention to Iris, who was still clinging on him. "I hope nothing, but happiness for both of you. You deserved it." Ethan then patted Iris’s hair and hugged her briefly. "Okay, let me go now, or else your mate will eat me alive." 
"Be safe, Ethan," Iris said. She didn’t know what future held for them, but after hearing the news that Ethan brought, she was very worried. She didn’t want people she cared the most to get hurt, it would break her heart. 
Ethan laughed. "I will only send a few letters to the other packs, the worst could happen I stain my pretty cloak." He wondered how Iris’s reaction would be if she learned the alpha had tricked him to feel alpha Nolan and put him in danger. 
But then, he swallowed back the temptation because he found himself still feared Cane the most. The alpha probably would kill him by giving him more assignments. At this point, he could die for overworking himself. 
Iris released her hug on the gamma when Cane pulled her back. 
"Congratulation, I can’t wait to see the little one! I can be an uncle!" Ethan was excited with the prospect. He stretched out his hand and was about to ruffle her hair, but Cane had swatted his hand away. 
"You left your scent on my mate," Cane stated when he sniffed his mate after she hugged her. It irked him to have another male’s scent on her. 
"Hey! I am not smelly or anything, you make it sounded so bad!" 
"Go now," Cane said firmly, he was annoyed. "Call the other to get inside and don’t talk about this matter yet." 
"Okay!" Ethan grimaced, his hand was sting. Cane was so meant! 
"Sit, don’t stand too long." Cane nudged Iris to sit down on the bed and Iris obliged him, though she was thinking, she didn’t stand up for that long. "Hungry?" 
Iris shook her head. she still felt a little bitter after she was vomiting earlier. 
After that, all the seven warriors, Aliana and Grace entered the room, they looked confused because the alpha was calling them all, especially when Cane’s expression looked ashen. Instinctively, they tried to think what mistake they had made, but they couldn’t find any, aside from not informing him right away when the luna didn’t feel well. 
All of them dreaded what kind of punishment for that. It was not like the luna was in danger, right? They had interrogated Grace and made sure of that. There was nothing wrong with Iris and they could sigh in relief for that fact. 
But, no one prepared them for the news that Cane would give them, whether it was the good one or the bad one. 
"The luna is pregnant," Cane said once they were already in front of him. He kept the announcement short and simple, straight to the point, just like how he used to speak. 
There was silence, the same like when Cane let his gamma knew about it and then all of their eyes fell on Iris and her stomach, while the luna was smiling sheepishly. 
And after the silence, a roar erupted, as the eight of them had something to say, while expressing their shock with the news. 
"Heaven! Is that true?!" Asher exclaimed. 
"Do you think the alpha will joke around?" Otis chimed in. 
"Dang! After our disappointment of what happened! This is a great news! Very very great!" Reed couldn’t help, but stared at Iris’s flat stomach. "The baby is really there?" 
"Heaven! We finally got a new member!" Kian blinked his eyes in disbelieve. 
"Congratulation alpha! Luna!" Eron and Dyne were being hyper, they were gushing and made a lot of noises, as they danced arm in arm. 
"Congratulation!" Zephyr didn’t say much, but he looked very happy for his alpha and luna. 
Meanwhile, Aliana immediately rushed toward Iris and hugged her, but Cane put his hand on her shoulder, while reminding her. 
"Careful," he warned her. 
Iris might not realize it now, but Cane treated her extremely careful, as if she had turned into a fragile glass that could break with a little bit pressure, though she was only being pregnant. 
Aliana regained her composure and became more careful with her. "Congratulation, luna." She held back her tears, as she hugged her gently. She caressed her back and kissed her cheeks. "This is the best news ever!" 
"Thank you," Iris said sheepishly, she also thanked the other warriors and Grace, who came to her and congratulate her again. 
People from outside could hear the commotion inside, they thought there must be a celebration or something because of how happy the way they roared and screamed in happiness, even Lou and the merchants could hear that, so did Nala, who was still enjoying her meal in the restaurant. But, they couldn’t figure out what the reason of this sudden uproar. 
"Find out what happened there." Lou approached her with this mission. After all, he had been planning to use Nala to get closer to Iris, since it was so hard to get a hold of the luna since the alpha was around. 
"I have not yet set my target, okay? I need time to get closer to them." Nala frowned, but Lou didn’t accept the answer. 
"Use whatever method you can think of, I want to know what happened there." Lou was annoyed because he couldn’t use his magic freely, as he didn’t want people to know he was as a sorcerer, or else, he would do some trick and eavesdrop them from the next room. More so, without Cane, he was responsible for this deal with the other merchants. "Make yourself useful." 
Cane was being very cunning. He even shamelessly refused to help with the royal, if he failed this deal. Damn that alpha! He knew how to play his card so well and he led Lou by his greediness to be part of his pawn in his chessboard and now he played him well. 
"Fine!" Nala grunted. She felt her appetite had gone now and the food was no longer pleasant in her tongue. She hated it whenever Lou was being like this and scolded herself for being briefly mesmerized when he treated her well. 
Inside the room, Cane gave some time for them to express their happiness when they heard the news and calmed down, because whatever he was going to tell them later, would need their full attention and would definitely shift their mood right now. 
Cane proceeded to inform them about the news that Ethan told him earlier and be more cautious with Iris’s safety, even though he wanted them to keep Iris’s pregnancy as a secret. It was very crucial moment and he didn’t want their enemy put their attention on his mate. He had overexposed her. 
He couldn’t put them in the dark, because they were the people, who would be responsible of his mate, they needed to know her condition clearly to take all the precaution. 
"Yes, alpha, we will make sure to protect the luna, even if it cost our life," Zephyr said solemnly. 
Iris frowned when she heard that, she didn’t want any of them died, but she didn’t say anything, while Aliana was still hugging her. 
After that, Cane joined the meeting with Lou and the merchants again, it lasted for another hours and once they were done, the alpha needed to meet with alpha Nolan, since the latter asked his presence, it seemed he had heard of what was going on with the Crescent Moon pack and the ten thousand warriors in the border, through his own spies. 
"If we are going to go to Red Claws pack, we need to fight those warriors." Alpha Nolan looked very grim. "We should have left sooner." 
Yet, Cane didn’t agree with that. Those warriors would definitely attack the south without him there. 
************************ 
Send me screenshot of the purchase of the highest tier through instagram to get mini comic of this book. Thank you.
###Chapter 626: THE STORM WILL COME (3)
Chapter 626: THE STORM WILL COME (3)
With his absence, there was no doubt, those warriors would cross the border and start to raze all the pack in the south. 
Cane was thinking the other way around. This was not the right time for him to leave the south and now he had a solid reason for that. He was not really thrill with the opportunity to meet with the Serafim and because a lot had happened and his plan had a complete change, the Serafim was no longer an important chess piece on his chessboard. 
If anything, knowing Iris was with their first child, he became even more unwilling to let her met with that woman. He felt like things would take a drastic change if they learned about this lycan, Serafim and the Decratic. It was akin to a pandora box and Cane didn’t want to add more complication into his circumspection. 
"Nolan, you can leave if you want, just in case the situation became out of control," Cane said. 
There was only the two of them inside the room and the look on their faces were not really great, because of the possibility of onslaught that might happen. 
"I am here to take the luna to meet with the Serafim. I am not going to leave without her," alpha Nolan said firmly. "Let her go with me, I will assure you, her safety." 
Cane scoffed internally. He must be crazy if he let him to take away his mate, but he said nothing and only stared at the other alpha with this unreadable expression on his face. 
"If things go wrong here, doesn’t you want her to be safe?" Alpha Nolan narrowed his eyes. "I can see how much you are infatuated with her, despite my advice not to show it in public. You still can’t keep your hands away from her." 
Silence, Cane didn’t even voice out his opinion for his twisted point of view, instead, he let him to talk. The more he talked, the more he could learn what was his real motive to cause a rift between him and his mate. 
"Red Claw pack is supported by the Holy Kingdom, the last letter that Koda sent me, he mentioned that the Serafim has called for reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom. It will be enough to take down Alan." 
The real problem here was not Alan, but the people behind him. Alan was not even a threat, he was only a puppet, whether when his father was still on the throne or when he finally sat on the same throne, he was still a puppet. 
"Think about it again. She will be safer and more useful there, having the Holy Kingdom’s power behind you will give you a chance to win this battle, there is no disadvantage point for your mate to be close with the Serafim, if anything, you can get more support from the Holy Kingdom to help with the southern packs." Alpha Nolan almost ran out of his patience when Cane didn’t say anything to discuss about this matter. 
"You are not going anywhere with her Nolan." Cane stood up from his seat, a gesture that he wanted to end this futile conversation. This alpha only kept talking the same thing. 
"You don’t want to make an enemy out of the Holy Kingdom, Cane," Alpha Nolan’s voice became darker when he stood up from his seat as well. 
Cane turned around before he walked out of the room. The fire on the fireplace illuminated his face and made his shadow grew taller and bigger, as if the dark wisp crept in this room. The weather became cold again, as they welcomed fall. 
"They should be the one, who don’t want to make an enemy out of me." 
The words sounded very dark, his body emanated his own coldness and it made the room became a little bit stuffy. He was serious with what he was saying, even the fire in the fireplace couldn’t warm his edges. 
"If you chose to stay, I suggest you to warn your warriors for the possibility of battle against the royal warriors. It will be great if you can get more reinforcement, because at this point, you and me stand in the same position, neither of us is favored by Alan." 
And what Cane didn’t say, yet alpha Nolan understood was; they wouldn’t survive if they fell into that king’s hand. It was still weird to think of Alan as the king of this continent. 
After saying that, Cane left the room and Ethan immediately approached him, while Jax entered the room to meet with his alpha. 
The tension between Ethan and Jax were surreal, the warriors around them felt like they were going to fight it out again, especially when alpha Nolan didn’t do anything to get a justice for his beta and accepted his apology just like that. 
To say that was unfair and not satisfying at all for Jax was an understatement. Jax had been trying to force alpha Nolan to punish Ethan, but the alpha simply dismissed it. 
"How is it?" Ethan asked once they were out of earshot from the people from the Winter Moon pack. He walked beside Cane, while a few warriors followed behind them. 
"Pay close attention to him," Cane said grimly. His gust feeling told him there was something wrong with alpha Nolan and his decision to get involved in the war between the Red Claw pack and the royal. 
Alpha Nolan was an opportunist. Normally, he would side with the royal, but the fact he chose Red Claw pack, there must be something that he wanted from that pack, or maybe the reason was not that at all... 
"You are suspicious of him?" Ethan hastened his step again, because Cane walked in hurry. 
"There is something not right." 
"Everything is not right, Cane," Ethan grumbled and then informed him about another matter entirely. "Maria sent letter and herbs for Iris again. Don’t you want to reply to her message?" 
"No." The reply came very simple and was obvious enough. If the letter was addressed for Iris, it should be her, who replied it, the fact she didn’t reply it, it meant she didn’t want to and there was no way Cane would bring up such unnecessary topic when he was with her, neither he wanted to tell her what to do. 
"Okay, okay." Ethan quickened his pace again and when he realized the direction of where Cane was heading, he stopped and grumbled to himself, as he took different direction. 
The alpha was heading toward his own bedroom to meet with his mate and Ethan stopped himself from pestering him before he was being kicked out. No wonder he walked very quick. 
Saving himself from a heartache, the gamma left, even so the alpha didn’t care about it, which meant, he didn’t need his assistance in the first place. 
But, there was this big grin on Ethan’s lips. "I hope the baby is not as grumpy as the father," he prayed. 
The seven warriors that was guarding the bedroom lowered their head respectfully when their alpha was there. 
"Aliana is inside with the luna," Eron reported and Cane nodded, as he entered the room to find his mate was currently sleeping. It was already late at night and it was past her sleeping time. 
"Alpha," Aliana greeted her and then stood up from her seat. She was reading some random book from Iris’s collection. 
"Did she just fall asleep?" Cane put away his cloak and approached his mate on the bed. 
"No, she fell asleep right after she had her dinner. She wanted to wait for you, but she couldn’t hold back her sleepiness," Aliana chuckled. "She is very happy with the pregnancy." 
"Hm." Cane nodded and the bed shifted under his weigh. He stretched his hand and to caress Iris’s cheek. 
"She ate a lot and it seems, she loves eating meat more, but she developed a sudden dislike for milk." Aliana reported what she had observed about Iris. 
Despite seemingly not listening, but actually Cane took a mental note to whatever Aliana reported about Iris, since she spent most of her time with his mate. 
"If there was nothing else, I will take my leave, goodnight, alpha." 
"Aliana." 
"Yes?" 
"Always stay with her." 
"I am planning to do so, alpha." 
Even though she was a woman, Aliana was a great fighter, she was a natural and added more layer for Iris’s protection was a necessary. 
"Take that thing to sleep in front of the door." 
Aliana frowned. "That thing?" 
"The bear." 
"Oh." Aliana was surprised, but then she giggled. "Okay. I guess you finally found how cute the bear is." 
Cane didn’t hold back his dislike whenever he saw Lil Thing, but right now he actually allowed the bear to finally close to his mate. 
"Okay, I am leaving, I am leaving." Aliana was still giggling when Cane gave her a stern look and then left the room. 
Yet, her happiness gradually died down when she walked in this empty corridor to retrieve Lil Thing in the warrior’s quarter. She walked alone silently, her steps were so heavy and sadness clouded her entire being. 
She touched her stomach and felt this emptiness. 
Aliana thought she had moved on and accepted it, but the luna’s pregnancy brought back the memory when she lost her own child. 
The slavery was not only cost her, her mate’s life, but also their firstborn. 
Her child... 
Her baby... 
This pain didn’t want to go away even after years had passed.
###Chapter 627: THE STORM WILL COME (4)
Chapter 627: THE STORM WILL COME (4)
Cane stared at his sleeping mate, her lips were slightly apart and she snored softly, feeling content when she snuggled against his chest unconsciously, as if even in her sleep, she knew her mate was there and it helped her to become more comfortable and fell deeper into her sleep. 
The alpha cradled his luna in his arms, he traced her spine gently, while her lips against his neck. Her soft and warm breath caressed his skin. She felt so soft and warm and everything he wished for, and she was pregnant... she would have their firstborn. 
Cane still reeled with this news, he felt it was not real, especially when her body was still the same. His hand traced her waist, every curve on her body and rested on her flat stomach. His heart skipped a beat when he thought their baby was there. Nestled safely in their mother’s womb. 
"Please be safe and strong..." Cane said softly, as he kissed Iris’s forehead and caressed her stomach. "I will do anything for you..." 
Logically speaking, this was not the right time to fall pregnant, having a baby at this crucial moment was not a wise decision, but Cane would never condemn the timing. The baby was a blessing, his mate was a blessing for everything that he had gone through. 
As long as Iris was willing to go through this pregnancy and was excited about it, he would handle the rest. 
Even though it came as a surprised even for him, since deep down, he believed, it was a futile attempt to cure his fertility. He only didn’t want to give up and go along with the motion. At the very least, he tried with whatever he had, so he wouldn’t regret anything. 
But, as it turned, he got a pleasant surprised. 
"Please don’t get sick, don’t get yourself into trouble or danger..." Cane whispered again. He held her very gently, afraid to wake her up. 
He stopped praying when he witnessed his pack members were being dissect and going through all the brutal things that you could imagine. 
But right now, he started it again. He would do anything to ensure her safety, including ridiculous thing such as praying again. 
"Please, be happy, even when I can’t give you that..." Cane felt there was this turmoil in his chest. 
Today happiness with the announcement of her pregnancy was spoiled because of the news from the border and the northern kingdom. 
Cane released Iris’s body from his arms, as she frowned slightly because the warm from her mate disappeared, but the alpha didn’t go anywhere, he only knelt down by her side and kissed her stomach. 
Please, be well my child... 
============================ 
What they feared the most happened, the ten thousand warriors started to make a move, as they marched closer toward Diandem pack. 
Meanwhile, the first batch of reinforcement that reached Cane was from the Bloody Wolf pack, since they were closer, after that, warriors from Crystal Moon pack, which was led by Arthur arrived. 
"If things get worse, bring my mate to the Crystal Moon pack, there will be a ship that will wait for her there, go to the Andelus continent, someone will wait for you there." Cane relayed this information to Aliana, so she could let the other seven warriors aware of this plan. 
"Then, what will you do, alpha?" Aliana frowned. She didn’t like the plan, neither she would like the alpha’s plan for himself, but she could understand why he made this decision. 
Currently, they were in the garden, while Iris and Celia were playing with Lil Thing. The bear still looked very lazy, as it let them to touch it. Actually, this creature looked like it enjoyed the attention, especially when it could be with Iris all the time. No matter what the bear was doing, it would follow Iris wherever she would go, but Lil Thing would scamper away once the alpha glared at it, for being too clingy to his mate in his presence. 
"Will you stay?" Aliana asked this again, but Cane didn’t answer her question. 
Because of the tension for the possibility of battle, things started to change around this pack, especially when there were a lot of warriors here and the pack house couldn’t accommodate all of them, thus they stayed in the inn in the town. 
Cane stared at his mate, who was smiling and laughing freely. She started vomiting in the morning and hated a certain taste or smell, which he took a note and made sure those things were not around her. 
Later that day when Cane was having a discussion with Lou related to the merchant, he got an unexpected guest... 
"You know that this can get back to bite your ass, right?" Lou smirked, there was this malicious smile on the corner of his lips, at this point, the merchant had dropped all the formalities. He started to show his true color, though he was still upset with the fact he couldn’t meet with Iris, but then Cane kept him busy to deal with the merchants that consumed his time. 
"They will not," Cane replied curtly, as he watched the join training of the warriors. This place was packed. This must be the most crowded time of this pack and it would only get crowded even more. 
They planned to build another training ground. 
"What do you mean they will not?" Lou narrowed his eyes. "Do you really think the alcohol tea will close the deal?" The merchant moved closer to him. "Or do you have another plan?" 
Cane shifted his attention from the warrior to Lou. "They will not go anywhere, until I get what I want." 
Lou’s mind worked so hard to interpret what Cane meant with that, but when an idea crossed his mind, he widened his eyes in surprised. 
"Are you going to hold them as a captive until they agreed to send the grain?!" Lou was shocked, even more when he realized that was exactly what Cane was going to do. "You are crazy." 
"Once the warriors are here, we don’t have any other option, but to fight." Cane looked so calm when he shared his plan with this merchant. "Neither of them can go out anyway and their ships are stuck in the Winter Moon pack. There are only two options they have." 
"What is it?" Lou felt like an idiot that he couldn’t read what Cane’s plan was, but he swallowed his pride to ask when his curiosity got the better of him. "What plan do you have for them?" 
"One, they can power through thousand of warriors to reach the Winter Moon pack, put their bet those warriors will show mercy on them and let them past without any scrupulous." 
Lou scoffed. "And what the second option?" That was not even a question, there was no way those royal warriors would let them past after they learned they had been in Diandem pack. Their chance to come out of that ordeal unscathed was on the same level of possibility if Lou could spend a whole day and night with Iris alone and this grumpy alpha would be fine with it. 
"I can help them to send a letter to their respective ships and instruct their men to go back to Karam continent with grain that I want and they can go away from this messy situation through Crystal Moon pack." 
Crystal Moon pack was the only pack in the south with harbor, more so the tunnel from the Riverside pack could be used now. 
Lou gasped, he hated it, but he admired the way this alpha planned every detail of his plan. He didn’t even think about that at all. 
The merchant couldn’t complain, after all, it was not Cane, who blocked their way back to the Winter Moon pack, the alpha didn’t actually hold them back in this pack, but knowing those merchants and how they treated their shitty lives preciously, they wouldn’t take the risk to go through thousand of shifters, thus the first option was not an option at all. 
Cane took advantage of his disadvantage situation and this was not the first time he did this... 
More so, it was a fair deal if Cane demanded something from them if they were going to use the harbor in his pack, after all, they didn’t pay a small amount of money to dock their ship in the Winter Moon pack. 
Currently, alpha Nolan was also furious because he was also trapped in this pack without a way to communicate with his own pack or to ask for help from Red Claw pack, since the royal warriors moved closer and surrounded the border. They were being locked down. 
"Crazy, crazy." Lou clicked his tongue, but his eyes showed madness. "But I like it, in that case, they needed to be hurry because when the winter came and the sea froze, they will be stuck here for half a year," the merchant chuckled. He liked this madness. 
He hated to admit it, but he liked to work with the alpha. ’With’, not ’for’ him. 
"I want you to edge them to take the second option in the next meeting," Cane instructed Lou. He couldn’t speak Kars fluently, but he could direct the conversation to get his deal through this merchant and begrudgingly, Lou needed to follow his instruction. 
He cursed himself because he couldn’t come up with the idea. 
"Alpha Cane!" 
A young boy shouted when he was being held back by the warrior when he tried to come closer to Cane.
###Chapter 628: THE STORM WILL COME (5)
Chapter 628: THE STORM WILL COME (5)
"What is that?" Lou frowned because his conversation with Cane was cut short and then found a young boy tried to make his way toward Cane. "Did you owe money to that boy?" he blurted out nonsense. 
Cane waved his hand to dismiss Lou, as he approached Zale, who was being held back by Dean and Pax, the two of them were his newly appointed personal warrior for the alpha, since Will and Aderan couldn’t fill the role. 
"Alpha, I am sorry, I will take him away." Dean looked apologetic, while trying to drag Zale away. 
"No, I don’t want to go back, I want to talk with him!" Zale protested. 
"Show your respect to the alpha!" Pax reprimanded him. 
Cane stared at the young boy, who was struggling and growling at the other two warriors. He was right when he told him that he needed to control his anger, because right now, it would cause him a lot of trouble. This kind of act would get his ass to be punished. 
"Let him go," Cane said when Zale was about to bite Dean’s hand. 
"Pardon me?" Dean and pax looked at the alpha, thinking they misheard the order. 
"Let him go. I am going to talk with him," Cane repeated it more clearly this time. 
However, a certain merchant was not happy about it, because in his opinion, they were in the middle of discussing business when this silly young boy interrupted them. "Hey! What about me?!" 
Cane didn’t even spare Lou a glance when he spoke. "You know what to do, now do it." 
Lou’s jaw dropped, he couldn’t believe with the amount of disrespect that Cane showed to him after what he had done for his pack. Well, he was getting paid for that, but at the very least, this alpha could be nicer with his business partner, after all he was not his pack member, who received an order from him! 
"This is an important matter and you dismissed me very casually?" Lou protested and this time, Cane turned his body around and faced him, there was no change on his expression, he was still the same, unreadable. 
"Which part of our earlier discussion that you didn’t get?" Cane asked, the way he spoke, as if he was telling him that he must be slow witted if he still couldn’t get such clear instruction. "Are you still confused? Or I was talking too fast for you to follow my pace?" 
Damn this alpha! 
Lou wanted to scratch his scalp until it was bleeding because of how frustrated he was right now. Why it always ended up like this?! 
It hurt his ego to admit that he needed clearer instruction, since he understood perfectly, but it vexed him to no end that their enjoyable discussion was stopped abruptly. There were a lot of things that Lou wanted to know and more so, he was intrigued to know more the way Cane’s mind was working. What kind of malicious schemes he had under his sleeves! 
"Fine! Go ahead and play with that little boy!" Lou waved his hand angrily, as he begrudgingly turned around and left. He was busy, okay? He had a lot of things to do! But then, he felt very annoyed because all he was going to do was instructed by Cane! He couldn’t understand why he ended up in this position. 
Maybe he had to listen to Sabian more because that old man had been warning him about Cane, but he simply didn’t want to listen, as he thought he was cleverer than this alpha. There was no way he fell into his trick! 
But the truth, not only he fell into his trick, he was buried too deep to even get up! 
Ugh! 
After Lou stormed out annoyingly with his red cloak fluttered in the air, which made him looked very bright and eyes catching among the other warriors, who were covered in dust and dirt, Cane shifted his attention to Zale, waving his hand to dismiss Dean and Pax. 
"Why do you want to associate with that tacky man? He was trying to flirt with the luna!" Zale complained the first thing he said when he got the alpha’s attention. This young boy had big guts, which could be a blessing or a problem in the future. 
"What do you want?" Cane asked, he crossed his arms in front of his chest, as he observed Zale closely. His physic had gotten better after good food, sleep and training, but his personality got even worst. 
Cane wanted to know more about him. He would decide whether he could stay by his mate’s side or not. The alpha even dismissed the fact he had been disrespected by this young boy. 
However, he liked how he could tell that Lou had been trying to flirt with Iris right away. From what he knew, Zale only met with the merchant once and he already showed a strong disliked, which was a good point for Cane. 
"You told me to look for you when you have free time." Zale looked at Cane in the eyes without any fear. 
"What made you think that I have free time now?" Cane was having a discussion with Lou earlier. His time was not free, even if he had it, he would rather spend it with Iris. 
"You don’t have free time for me, that’s why I demanded it now," Zale blurted out and this made Dean and Pax gasped. They couldn’t believe the alpha had not yet kicked his little ass yet. "You promised to teach me!" 
Zale’s height only a little bit higher than Cane’s elbow, he was only a head shorter than Iris, but the way he spoke, as if he was on the same position like the alpha. 
"Are you going back on your promise?" Zale asked. His little face hardened. 
Cane heard he had been trained by Zephyr and learned how to read and write from Iris. He was a fast learner and probably this was the right time to see how fast he could learn. 
"Fine. Let’s train you." Cane’s voice was cold and this made Dean and Pax looked at each other, wondering what the alpha was going to do with this young boy, because from the look on his face, this wouldn’t end up good for Zale. 
================================ 
"Why haven’t you slept yet?" Cane approached Iris on the bed, he kissed her lips gently, while Aliana excused herself. 
After a long day, he only wanted to be with his mate and it was a pleasant surprised that she was still awake, though he would prefer her to be rested well. 
"I am waiting for you," Iris said sheepishly, as she wrapped her arms round his neck and pulled him closer to her. 
"Be careful," Cane said softly, as he put his arms on the side of her body, afraid his body weigh would fall on her. 
However, Iris couldn’t care less about that, she looked very happy and energetic, Grace had done a great job to keep her health in check and now, the healer visited her every day. Still, the news about her pregnancy was a secret. It was not safe to announce it yet. 
Not even Jace knew about it. 
"I want to show you something!" Iris said excitedly. 
"Hm, what is it?" Cane felt relax when he saw her smile and looked happy. It was great if she was in a good mood. 
Outside of their bedroom, Lil Thing became new favorite member of Iris’s personal warrior, as they observed the bear closely and wondered how could this creature was able to sleep all day and night, but became extremely ferocious once in a fight mode. 
"Take me there!" Iris chuckled, as she tightened her hug around his neck and wrapped her legs around his waist. 
"Did you hurt your feet?" 
"No. I am just tired." 
She wanted him to pick her up, too lazy to walk. Well, she was only being overly clingy lately, since she didn’t meet him as often as she wanted. 
Cane chuckled as well and swooped her body, as he straightened up and walked toward the spot Iris pointed. He put both of his arms under her bums to support her. 
Iris wanted him to go to near the window, where her lizard was still sleeping and now this lizard had grown in size, the color of its scale had turned into yellowish color. 
Iris wriggled her body and Cane put her down. "Look!" She grabbed the lizard, which woke it up and then she fished out something from her pocket, let the lizard to sniff it for a while. After that, she threw the poor lizard into the fireplace. "Come with me!" 
Iris grabbed Cane’s hand this time to head out of their bedroom, but Cane picked her body up again, which made her squalled and looked at him in confusion. 
"I thought, you are tired. Tell me where do you want to go." Cane carried her in his arms this time and had the satisfaction to watch how she blushed. 
"There are the warriors outside, there are many people." Iris didn’t mind to act clingy and childish when it was only the two of them, but she would be embarrassed if Cane walked out of the bedroom, while carrying her. 
"I am aware of that." 
And with that was being said, Cane walked out of the room with Iris in his arms. His mate hid her face against his chest when she felt there were seven pair of eyes fixed on her and many more, as they walked in this corridor.
###Chapter 629: THE STORM IS COMING
Chapter 629: THE STORM IS COMING
Iris took Cane to the library, where he put her down in front of the fireplace and watched the lizard was actually there. Its yellowish scale glinted with the light of the fire. 
"Cane, I know how to make the lizard appeared in a certain place!" Iris said excitedly. She had been experiencing with the lizard and finally learned the pattern. She then proceeded to explain it to Cane. 
"We need the ashes from the fireplace and let the lizard to sniff it, after that, it will appear in that exact same place!" Iris’s blue eyes lit up with happiness to be able to discover this. "It’s actually very simple, but I just figured it out now!" 
Cane watched her excitement and it warmed his heart. "Good job." Cane patted her head lovingly. "So, how can the lizard returned?" 
Iris tossed the lizard into the fireplace again. "The lizard will go back to the previous fireplace," she said lightly. 
"You are very smart, Iris, I know you will figure this out eventually," Cane praised her again, which made Iris blushed. She pulled her hair nervously because she didn’t use to receive compliment like this. 
"No, I was only thinking about it in different way..." Iris rambled. 
"You are smart, Iris," Cane emphasized that, despite her very reluctant to take credit for what she had discovered. Iris didn’t use to receive such compliment and didn’t know how to respond. "Let’s go back to our bedroom. You need to rest. The weather has become cold lately." He adjusted the cloak around her shoulder and carried her in his arms again. 
This time, Iris didn’t protest and enjoy her time with Cane, while the seven warriors grinned to see how loving the relationship between their alpha and luna. They created a great example for everyone to see that one right woman was enough, someone that you can call your soulmate. 
Later that night, Cane held her until she fell asleep and, once she did, he did the same thing again. He knelt beside her and prayed. He kissed her stomach again and whispered telling their unborn child to be strong and well. 
He had done everything he could to protect his mate and their baby, but the unknown still bothered him, especially when there was this impending danger ahead of them. 
From what he learned, the ten thousand royal warriors had camped six hours away from Diandem pack, but they didn’t make any move since yesterday. It was still unsure what the order they received from the king and what lady Cyan and her father were up to. 
Meanwhile, in the warrior’s quarter, Zale couldn’t sleep because he had been thinking about the assignment alpha Cane gave to him. He thought, the alpha would ask him to show him how he fought the enemy, but as it turned out he was given a silly task. 
"Why don’t you sleep?" Haco asked the young boy, who hugged his legs and pressed them against his chest with sour look on his face. 
Zale glanced at the old sorcerer, who was coughing a few times. "I can’t sleep." 
"Why is it?" Haco scratched his head. 
The three of them with Joel, slept in the same bedroom, while Celia slept with Aliana, but after a long day of training, especially knowing their current situation, the training became very intense and Joel was exhausted out of his mind. He didn’t follow the conversation between the two of them. 
"The alpha broke his promise to me." Zale gritted his teeth, he still couldn’t accept the first assignment from the alpha. 
Hearing that, Haco tilted his head, he coughed again and breathed heavily. It seemed, he was in one of his rare moment, where he was sober enough to hold a conversation. 
"How?" Haco pushed himself from the bed and leaned against the wall behind him. 
"He told me that he will teach me, but all he gave me was a stupid assignment." 
"What is your assignment?" Haco asked again. 
"He wanted me to sell this ugly stone to that tacky man," Zale grumbled. He couldn’t understand why he was given this absurd task when he thought the alpha would teach him how to be strong and fight like the other warrior. He was going to be his mate’s protector, he needed to train him for that if he really cared about his mate’s safety. 
Zale rambled about all of that to Haco, while the old sorcerer listened, trying to keep his mind sharp to follow the conversation. 
"If he really cared about the luna, he should know better to give me a proper training." Zale furrowed his brows. He was only eleven now, four years younger than Joel. Haco chuckled when he heard that and Zale glared at him. "Why are you laughing." 
"If you can’t tell how much the alpha cares about his mate, then you really need to see things differently, young boy." 
Zale frowned. He couldn’t understand that. 
"You know what? Being a strong warrior is great, good in fight is great too, but you are nothing if you don’t have this." Haco tapped his head. "A good fighter without brain and couldn’t control their temperament is a good tool for the enemy to use them. People can control you the way they want." 
"I can’t be controlled easily!" 
"Or, they can be a problem for people around them. You know there is a saying this; a stupid people close to you is more dangerous than your enemy." 
Zale was fuming mad at this point because Haco straight up called him stupid. 
"Physical strength is not always everything. You can get into a lot of trouble and drag down people around you if you are stupid enough not to be able to read the situation." Haco shrugged his shoulder and then narrowed his eyes at Zale. "What is your name?" 
Zale growled in frustration. He had told him countless times about his name, but this old sorcerer kept forgetting it. 
Haco even forgot that he asked, as he yawned and fell asleep in sitting position. 
The next day, Cane took the lizard and tried to do the same thing that Iris had done the previous night and showed it to Ethan, Arthur, Dean and Pax. They stared at the creature in amazed, as they were in disbelieve something like this was actually possible to happen. 
"We can send a secret letter to Nexus in the north!" Arthur exclaimed, voicing out what the other were thinking. 
The communication with Nexus was cut off ever since alpha Derick surrendered to the royal, it was dangerous to send a letter with hawk, because they could spot it. More so, it was not a safe communication possible now, especially in this weather. 
"Right!" 
But, the problem was; they couldn’t get ash from whatever thing that was burning near him, so the lizard could find him. This was another tricky situation. 
After that, the deal about the grain was finalized. The merchant agreed with the price that the alpha gave to them, because they didn’t want to involve themselves in this battle. In their eyes, once those ten thousand warriors attacked them, things would escalate very quickly and there was no one could guarantee it wouldn’t be an all out war. 
The shifting of power in the shifter land could be cruel and barbaric, and they were fully aware of that to not get tangled in the middle of it. 
Begrudgingly, they agreed to send letter to their respective ships to go back to Karam continent and get the grain the alpha wanted. 
It happened on the sixth day the royal warriors camped six hours away from them without any movement, as if they were waiting the final instruction to attack. The situation was very tense. 
"You won. They agreed!" Lou smirked, as if the deal could finally be sealed because of him. Well, he indeed contributed. 
"Hm." Cane nodded. He didn’t slow down his steps, as he inspected the training of the warriors. They couldn’t be slacked off now, especially when this was the first time for all the warriors in the south to have join training like this. There were a few altercations here and there because they didn’t use to work together. 
"That was it? Only ’hm’?!" Lou was speechless. He wanted to kick Cane’s ass to get more reaction from him, but of course, he could only imagine doing that.
Meanwhile, in the Red Claw pack, Abby stared at the gloomy sky. It had been raining for a few days now and she became even more anxious, since her meeting with the luna from the Howling Wolf pack got delayed again because of what happened in the border. 
Within two weeks, the reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom would arrive and she became even more nervous with what would happen. 
She was curious about this luna, especially after Koda told her that she had the same blue eyes like her and she was a runt. 
"Don’t stay out without wearing warm clothes," Liam said, as he put a cloak over her shoulders and stood by her side. "What are you thinking?" 
Abby stared at the sky. It seemed there would be storm tonight. 
"Do you remember about the prophecy of Decratic?" Abby asked. She bit her lips, unsure whether she was only reading thing too deep or she read it wrongly. 
"Yes. What about it?" 
"Can’t you see? It’s happening. I can feel it." 
"What do you mean?" Liam frowned, he followed Abby’s line of sight and stared at the dark sky. 
"The storm is coming," she said.
###Chapter 630: THE STORM IS HERE
Chapter 630: THE STORM IS HERE
"The storm is coming," Iris said, as she stared at the gloomy sky outside of her window. "Why he has not returned yet?" She frowned. She didn’t like the fact that Cane was out there in this kind of weather. She felt anxious. 
"Don’t worry, luna, it’s not good for your baby." Aliana tried to calm her down, she had been very fidgety the whole day and this put her in concern. "I have asked, the alpha is fine, he is in the meeting with alpha Nolan. Don’t worry, once he is done, he will rush to you straight away," She teased her, but it didn’t work. The luna was exceptionally in bad mood the whole day. 
"Has he eaten?" Iris asked again. She knew that Cane had been very busy and usually he skipped his meal, which actually was not an issue, since it wouldn’t ruin his health, but still, Iris didn’t like that. Now, she could understand Cane’s frustration every time she skipped her meal or ate very little. 
"Ethan brought him something this afternoon." Aliana couldn’t lie to Iris, which made her frown even more. "Don’t worry, luna. The alpha will still be able to fight ten shifters even when he skipped his dinner." Aliana caressed her back and tried to lighten her mood, but it didn’t work either. 
"I don’t want him to fight," Iris said in small voice. She didn’t like the thought of Cane was fighting, let alone if he was outnumbered by ten shifters. 
"Okay, okay. No fight." Aliana didn’t know what to do anymore and stayed with her, she took a cloak and draped it on her shoulders. "Let’s close the window, okay. The wind is too cold for you." 
Iris nodded and kept staring at the dark, gloomy sky. 
"You are right... it seems there will be a storm tonight," Aliana mumbled to herself, she didn’t like this weather the most. It felt very depressing and dark, as if the world would end or something. 
With that, no matter how hard Aliana coaxed Iris to sleep and stop being anxious by telling her a few jokes she knew, none of them helped. She couldn’t pull her out from her somber mood. 
The tension in the air and with a lot of warriors around the pack house, had affected Iris. She was well aware there would be inevitable battle if the royal warrior made a move and Cane had prepared an escape route for her if things didn’t go as they had planned. 
She would go with the other four merchants to the Crystal Moon pack, which was the idea that Iris very disagreed with. She didn’t want to leave Cane. She wanted to stay with him, but the alpha was very adamant and didn’t leave any room for discussion or negotiation. Iris was going to leave if the situation was not safe anymore here. 
Despite Iris’s protest that she could help them to kill the royal warriors with her newly found ability, Cane didn’t budge. 
This was another argumentation between the two of them currently, but this time, thankfully Cane didn’t ignore her or avoid her. 
It was not until late at night when Cane finally returned and thunder could be heard in the distance, while the light split the night sky every so often. 
"Why are you not sleeping yet?" Cane was not happy when he saw Iris was still awake, but he kissed her cheeks tenderly and frowned even more when her skin was cold. "You are cold." 
Hearing that comment, Aliana added more firewood into the fireplace. For her, this room was already very warm, so she thought it was enough to warm Iris up, but she forgot that her body was so different from the shifters. 
"Aliana, if you don’t mind, can you bring dinner for Cane?" Iris asked before Aliana left the room. 
"Sure." Aliana smiled and then closed the door behind her. 
"You have not yet eaten anything," Iris said in accusatory tone. 
"I am fine." Cane took Iris to sit down on the bed, he glanced outside and creased his brows. The weather was so bad. It seemed there would be storm and if it really happened, there were a lot of work to do tomorrow. 
They had sent the letters from the merchants to their respective ships. It would take them a month or so to go back and forth to Karam Continent, but it was enough time before the sea froze over and they were stuck in the civil war among the shifters. 
"No. You are not, you need to eat." Iris scrunched her nose, unhappy and Cane compromised. 
"Okay." Cane didn’t want to upset her even more, he had heard that she had been in a bad mood all day from Ethan, who heard this from Eron, who got the news from Aliana. 
Currently, Iris was ten weeks pregnant, but she had not yet showing. Therefore, Cane still kept it a secret and only a handful people, who was aware of it. Probably, Lil Thing could be included, since the creature pestered Iris even more and occasionally would nudge her stomach. 
"What happened, you look restless?" Cane cradled Iris in his arms, after he cleaned himself up and waited for Aliana to bring his meal. He made sure she was warm, though this room’s temperature had risen up and became a little bit uncomfortable for him. 
"I don’t know..." Iris nuzzled against Cane’s neck. 
"Something is bothering you?" 
Iris nodded. "But, I don’t know what is that." 
There was this nagging feeling that she couldn’t describe kept gnawing in her heart and put her mind in bad space. 
Iris snuggled closer against her mate, trying to look for comfort, she nuzzled his neck and breathed in his scent. If it was possible, she wanted to stay like this for a whole night and day. 
"What can I do to make you feel better?" Cane asked, gently caressed her hair and ran his fingers on her spine. 
Iris said sheepishly. "I want to be kissed." Her voice came out as a whisper and this made Cane chuckled. 
"I would love to do that," Cane said, as he started to kiss her hair, forehead, her cheeks, both of her eyes, the tip of her nose, her plump lips down to her throat and nibbled on her neck... 
Thunder and lightening could be seen out there through the window, the night would grow cold when they could hear the pitter patter sound from the rain and the howling wind in the distance, like a sound of a wolf. 
However inside, it was warm enough, especially when their body tangled together. The alpha and the luna couldn’t care less about the storm out there, until Aliana rushed into the room and made Iris shrieked, as she covered herself under the blanket and Cane frowned at his beta’s younger sister. 
Aliana supposed to knock first, more so when she was well aware Cane and Iris were inside. 
Yet, before Cane could remind her of that, Aliana had stormed toward the window and opened it, letting rain came inside the room. 
"Look at this!" Aliana screeched, her face was so red when she showed what she meant. 
At first, Cane and Iris couldn’t understand, but upon closer look, they knew what was wrong and Cane’s eyes hardened, as he immediately got off the bed and went straight to find Haco, because he was the only person, who could explain this phenomenon. 
"Stay with her!" Cana barked his order to Aliana and the seven warriors. 
Dean and Pax ran behind him. 
Cane prayed Haco was in his right mind now. 
=============================== 
The sign was there and Abby could no longer ignore it. She thought, she was only imagining it, but then she knew that she didn’t. 
There were three archaic sculptures inside the sanctuary, in which she was explained those three sculptures were the sign of Decratic.
Once she saw the three signs, which meant the day of the darkness would revive to its glory like the day when the first Serafim was still alive, was near. 
The first one was a sculpture about a woman, who was dreaming about a sword. Not like the five sword that was inside the secret hall, but it was the sixth sword. It was a sculpture about a woman held a sword with five around her and dark smoke surrounded her. 
Abby had never seen this. 
The second one was a sculpture about a woman who called the lights, there was these white little marbles around the sculpture of the woman that people said it was her light, but she was still surrounded by this dark smoke still surrounded her. 
And the last sculpture was when the woman knelt down and the white little marbles from the previous sculpture turned dark. 
Some people said, it was her light that had been stained and turned dark, but some people said it was black rain in a stormy night. 
Abby inclined to believe to the latter. She heard story about black rain in a stormy night, where great storm happened and the water that fell from the sky was the color of black, as black as ink. 
Not many people knew about this, because such information was only available for the Serafim. 
Abby didn’t know about the two, but somehow, she could feel it deep down in her heart ever since Koda mentioned about Decratic that the darkness from the past would happen during her time as the Serafim. 
And now, black rain washed over the whole continent.
###Chapter 631: THE STORM IS HERE (2)
Chapter 631: THE STORM IS HERE (2)
"What the fuck is happening now?!" Alan stared at his window, while two women were laying naked by his side, the two of them looked terrified to see the rain that spilled into the room, stained the floor with black color, as if someone just poured ink from the sky. "Corry! Corry! Get your ass here!" Alan shouted for his advisor to come inside, as he pushed away the woman on his left to get off the bed. 
Corry Maleen, the king advisor, rushed into the bedroom, his face filled with horror. "Yes, my king." He stared at the stain on the floor from the opened window and there were more. 
"What the hell is going on?! What is that?!" Alan didn’t want to get close to the window, he was afraid that black water would harm him or something, while the women on the bed were trembling and started sobbing, but Alan snarled at them to shut their mouth. 
"I am not sure what is that, my king," Corry said in confusion, he just received the news about it not so long ago and he was still not yet received any reports, but he had his own guess. "Maybe... maybe that... that child has done something." 
’That child’. 
Corry was well aware of the existence of Decratic, he was smart enough to know that Alan was only king by name, but the person who truly controlled the whole affair was that man named Zeke, who apparently was the father of Lady Cyan, the former mistress of the previous king and Dexter, the head of the royal sorcerer. 
Probably, in this whole palace, Corry was the only one, who knew this many information and it didn’t look good for him, since in this place, knowing so many things could shorten your life. 
Alan just arrived from the north and he was very upset because he couldn’t kill Kellan. That crippled man was harder to be killed than he thought! That child monster, somehow, wanted that man alive. Not because of the deal with alpha Derick, who begged them to not kill Kellan, since he was his daughter’s mate, but Alan was sure that child monster had something vicious in his mind. 
"Where is my uncle?!" Alan demanded. This was the first time for him to see this kind of sight, no matter how stupid and ignorant he could be, he knew this was not a good sign at all! 
"He is inside ’that room’..." Corry replied. 
’That room’ was the place, where that monster lived and with the mention of that room alone, it sent shiver down Alan’s spine. Because if he could, he didn’t want to be in the same room like that monster. The more he saw that monster, the more terrified he was since he grew up so fast and right now he looked like a twelve years old young boy. 
And what freaked Alan out even more, he looked like him! Once he was fully growing up, there was no doubt he would be exactly like him and what happened next, was something very predictable. That was why, Alan had been crazy to think about the possibility of his future. 
"Are you going there?" Corry asked in confusion when Alan stepped out of the bedroom. 
"How else I can find the answer?!" Alan snarled, his question annoyed him. Despite his fear, he wanted to know what that monster was up to now. 
Yet, he was kind of regret it the moment he opened the door to the bedroom and found more corpses on the floor. There were at least three people that this monster had killed, the more he grew up, the more he needed it. 
Alan was sure he was not a saint, he had done his part of horrendous habit, but he had never encounter, neither it even crossed his mind about doing something cannibalistic like this monster had done. 
And right now, before his eyes, he watched how that monster stood in the balcony, basked himself in the black water of rain, while laughing happily. 
"What... what the meaning of this?" Alan asked Dexter, who was standing not too far from him. "What is going on? What is he doing?" 
Dexter didn’t even acknowledge his existence. He was the king, but he meant nothing in their eyes. 
Right at this moment, the monster turned around and grinned at Dexter. The black water stained his face, clothes and it made him looked unhinged. "It’s time." 
"Yes, my lord." Dexter nodded solemnly. 
"What do you mean? What are you going to do?" Alan looked confused, but he couldn’t get any answer because they ignored him completely. "What is going on?! I am the king of this continent! I need to know what are you up to!?" 
Yet, no one bothered to even spare a glance toward his direction. 
Meanwhile, the sky had turned very dark and the wind howling angrily with the occasional lightening that split the sky. This continent was taken by a storm. 
Without doubt, this was the most horrifying night. 
========================== 
"Stay away from the window, luna," Aliana warned her. They were still not sure whether this black rain was safe to be touched or not. 
"Where is Cane?" She touched her stomach, she was very worried, he had gone for almost three hours now. It had past midnight and they were closer to the dawn, but the sky was still as black as charcoal. 
"The alpha is still with Haco," Aliana replied, that was the last news that she received about the alpha whereabouts. 
Because the alpha and luna often asked about each other, thus their warriors kept in touched with the other warriors to know their whereabouts and what currently they were doing. 
"I want to see him too." Iris got off the bed, but Aliana stopped her. 
"Please, luna, stay here. The alpha must be very worry if you came to him in this kind of weather." Aliana tried to coax her and then she used this ultimate reason. "Think about your baby, what if this strange rain is harmful? You are pregnant now, you need to take care of yourself first. The alpha will be fine." 
With the mentioned of the baby, Iris relented. She looked miserable, as she hugged herself and stared at the black sky and the occasional thunder. She had never heard something very ominous and horrifying like this ever since she could hear. It made her heart felt uneasy. There was this unsettling feeling in her stomach. 
And then, she heard this whimpered and scratched on the door. Aliana immediately went to see what was going on, only for Lil Thing immediately rushed inside the bedroom and went straight to Iris. 
The big bear climbed the bed and curled itself close to her, nudging her stomach, while making this soft whimpering sound. 
Aliana was speechless to see the bear acted like a kitten instead. "Do you want me to take Lil Thing away?" she asked, thinking Lil Thing’s presence would bother her, while the other warrior apologized because they couldn’t hold back the bear. 
Well, unless you wanted to be on a brawl with Lil Thing, none of them could stop this creature. 
"No, it’s okay. I want Lil Thing here." Iris ran her fingers in its soft, white fur, which calmed herself down a little bit. A few days ago, Cane borrowed her lizard and she had not yet it ever since, but she was sure, Cane must have put the creature into some use. 
"Okay," Aliana said, she closed the door and approached Iris. "Do you want to eat or drink something?" 
Iris shook her head. She didn’t have the appetite.
"Why don’t you rest? You have not yet slept at all. It’s not good for your health. Try to sleep, when you woke up, the alpha would be here." Aliana coaxed Iris again. 
Their happiness to learn that Iris was finally pregnant was eclipsed by all these unfortunate events, which worried them greatly. 
"I can’t sleep." 
However, once she laid down with Lil Thing close to her, she literally hugged the bear, she closed her eyes and ended up sleeping. 
Aliana smiled to see her stubbornness. Iris was so young and she had gone through a lot on her own, but she strived. She wished nothing, but for her and all of them could strive during this dark period of time. 
It was not until the morning came that Cane finally returned. The sky was still as gloomy as ever and the rain had subsided, yet it painted the whole ground black. 
It had been confirmed the black rain was not harmful, but it would be better if they avoided it, which meant, all of the people stayed inside their house and there was no training for the warriors, since their training ground was in an open area. 
"Why that thing is here?" Cane furrowed his brows the moment he saw Lil Thing was on his bed and his mate hugged it. 
Aliana chuckled and shook her head. She still maintained this positive energy even though the situation looked so grim. "Don’t be so mean, Lil Thing helps the luna to sleep, or else, you will find her wide awake right now, alpha." 
Cane was not satisfied with the reply, but he let it slide. 
"How is it? Did Haco know something?" Aliana couldn’t help, but asked, she was very concern about this strange phenomenon. 
However, before they could continue the conversation, there was rapid rap on the door and Dean’s voice travelled into the bedroom, carried a hint of urgency. 
"Alpha! We are under attack!"
###Chapter 632: THE STORM IS HERE (3)
Chapter 632: THE STORM IS HERE (3)
Cane had tried to talk with Haco about the black rain, but unfortunately the sorcerer was not in the right headspace, thus he couldn’t get anything out of him. 
However, aside from Haco there was another sorcerer that he knew was there as well. 
"Alpha, alpha Nolan wanted to see you," Dean informed him when they left the bedroom, where Haco, Zale and Joel stayed. "Are we going to see him?" 
Cane didn’t answer that, he walked to the other side of the pack house, where Lou was staying. He knew he was a sorcerer because Iris had told him that, but because he didn’t see any benefit of him confronting Lou about it, he didn’t bother at all. 
Dean and Pax followed behind Cane, as they avoided the black rain. The ground looked very dark, as the black water seeped into the ground, as if it mirrored the scary black sky. 
"Is he inside?" Cane asked one of the guards near Lou’s bedroom. 
"Yes, alpha." 
Cane strode toward Lou’s bedroom and Dean knocked on the door. There was rustling sound from inside and on the second knock, someone opened the door. 
Nala was stunned when she saw Cane was there. She didn’t believe her eyes to see the alpha. "Al- alpha Cane..." she called his name sheepishly, as she tried to comb her hair with her fingers, so she would look a little bit presentable. 
"Is Sir Lou inside?" Pax was the one, who asked. 
"Y- yes," Nala replied. She blatantly stared at Cane, though the alpha didn’t even spare a glance for her. 
In the beginning, she tried to approach Cane because of the mission the king gave to her, but the more she tried, the more this alpha disdained her existence, but because of that also, the more she wanted to know him. 
Especially when she learned the baby was not his. There was a high chance alpha Cane had never touched that woman at all. It was so rare for someone like him to be loyal with only one woman. 
Nala thought, her crushed on him had died down, but she still found herself was mesmerized by his strong presence. This was the man she really wanted in her life. Someone that could cherish their mate and only their mate alone. Someone, who knew how to be loyal. 
Seeing him up close like this, brought back all the feelings she had for him upfront. 
"Move." 
Cane’s voice startled Nala out of her own imagination, as the alpha strode inside the bedroom and Lou freaked out to see him, since he was half naked on the bed right now. 
It was so absurd for this merchant to be able to have an intimate moment with a woman when something extremely unusual happened out there. 
"What the hell?!" Lou growled, he covered himself with blanket, but then realized how silly it was. He did that out of instinct, because he didn’t expect the alpha would barge in. "What are you doing here?!" Lou was annoyed. 
"Get out," Cane said and Dean immediately escorted Nala out of the room, despite her protest and Pax closed the door behind him. 
"Should I get out too? Do you want to use this room?" Slowly, Lou got off the bed and picked his clothes that scattered on the floor. "Seriously, if you want to use this room for your bunch of warriors, you can just talk to me nicely, I will find another inn for me to live." 
From the look of it, the merchant didn’t seem aware of what was going on, as he kept rambling about unimportant thing. 
Didn’t want to waste his time to make him stop talking, since he loved the sound of his own voice, Cane walked toward the window and drew the curtain and then opened it, letting the black rain spilled into the room and the sound of the howling wind became even more vivid. 
"Damn! What the hell is that?!" Lou jumped back, afraid to touch that water like ink that stained the floor. "What is going on?!" Lou widened his eyes. He thought, it was only a normal storm and he was having his fun time with Nala, because the woman apparently afraid of storm, so he tried to distract her to stop whimpering in fear. 
"Do you know anything about this?" Cane asked straight to the point. 
"How do I know about this?!" Lou furrowed his brows, he felt this ominous feeling when he saw the black water. 
"Come here and check on it," Cane ordered, which made Lou’s face became unsightly. 
"I am a merchant, what do I know about it? You need to ask someone else." Lou then added. "Ask your sorcerer or other magic user," he grumbled. 
"Haco is not well, that’s why I ask you." 
"Do you think I am..." Lou didn’t finish his sentence because he knew Cane was already knew about his other identity. He only convinced himself that the alpha didn’t, because he had not yet confronted him. "Geez. You have her wrapped around your fingers, apparently. Couldn’t she hide something from you?" 
The answer was obviously no. Iris was hardly hiding anything from him. 
"Check on this," Cane said, he stepped aside to let Lou observed the black water closely. 
Didn’t have any other choice, Lou walked over and inspected the black water, despite his reluctance to even be near this strange . He narrowed his eyes and mumbled some spell in foreign language. 
The merchant stretched out his hand with his palm was facing down and the black water moved, as if the water was being sucked up and it swirled in the air, between the floor and Lou’s palm.
Meanwhile, Cane watched the merchant showed his side as a sorcerer, but there was no change on his expression whatsoever, but he did curious about Lou’s background. He was from Karam continent, where that continent was not as welcome as the other continents to magic user, due to dark story in the past. 
Yet, Lou was a man to be reckoned as a merchant, still no one knew about his other identity and then how could he get his power? Magic user got their power through bloodline, which meant, Lou had a magic user in his family. 
"I had never seen anything like this," Lou mumbled. He creased his brows deeply. "It carries magic..." 
"Dark magic?" 
"I am not sure." 
Cane thought about it, if this black rain carried black magic, Iris should have felt it, right? But then, he still needed to ask her for certainty. 
"Where are you going now?!" Lou immediately turned around when Cane was about to walk out of the bedroom. 
"Figure out what is that with the black rain and report back to me." 
"What?! I am not your warrior! I am not your pack member! Why should I report back to you?! Hey!" Lou was frustrated when Cane didn’t even listen to him and simply walked away. "Hey! Don’t tell anyone about this! Did you listen to me?! Hey!" 
Cane was already on his way back to his bedroom to look for Iris when Pax told him alpha Nolan was agitated, he wanted to see him in person. 
"Send Ethan to talk to him. I will meet with him later." 
Cane hastened his step to go back to his bedroom only to find Iris was sleeping next to Lil Thing. What this creature was doing on his bed and with his mate? 
The alpha was not happy, but after he listened to Aliana’s explanation that Iris was having a hard time to fall asleep. He didn’t make a fuss about it. 
He hated to do this, but he needed to wake her up, since he had some question for her. 
Unfortunately, before he could do that, Dean’s voice traveled into the room, as he rapped his knuckles against the door. 
"Alpha, we are under attack! The royal warriors marched toward the pack! They are three hours away from us!" Dean was very anxious to get to the alpha, but he didn’t dare to enter the room without permission like Aliana did before. "The royal warriors started to kill all the people on their way here, including the villagers!" 
There were around five villages that close to the border, between the border to the pack house, which meant, they needed to move fast if they wanted to save those innocent villagers from being annihilated. 
What Dean said set them on high alert and the commotion woke Iris up. 
"What happened?" she asked sleepily, as she rubbed her eyes. Lil Thing’s fur was very soft and it kept her warm, which helped her to fall asleep. 
"Aliana, told them to gather in the training ground, I will meet with them all shortly after and ask Lou and alpha Nolan to meet me there too." 
Aliana nodded and immediately rushed out of the bedroom to relay the alpha’s order, while Cane stayed behind for a while. He didn’t have many time with the predicament that they would face within a few hours. 
"Iris, I want to ask you about something." Cane felt bad to disrupt her, but there was no other way. 
"Yes? What is it?" Iris missed the fact that they were under attack, but her sleepiness had gone completely now, as she waited for Cane to speak. 
"Can you feel something with the black rain?" Cane asked immediately. "Can you feel dark magic?" 
Iris was contemplated for a while, aside from Haco, she didn’t feel any black magic near them all. "No."
###Chapter 633: THE STORM IS HERE (4)
Chapter 633: THE STORM IS HERE (4)
"I don’t feel black magic, but I do feel something ominous, I think it is because the rain is not usual." Iris then proceeded to explain what she meant by this when Cane asked her. "It almost felt like... when you feel like something bad will happen..." 
Iris frowned, she didn’t think her description was right, because at this point, ’bad things’ would definitely happen. They were going into a battle with the royal warrior after all, once they made a move. 
"It’s okay." Cane stretched out his hand and caressed her cheek, he leaned over to kiss the tip of her nose, to reassure her everything would be alright. "Follow Aliana and stay close with your warriors, understood?" 
At that time, Iris felt the unusual tension. "What happened? Something is wrong? Why did you ask Aliana to gather people in the training ground?" She glanced at the window and was sure the black rain was still pouring down. It was morning, but the sky was as dark as the night. It would make anyone felt unsettling. "The black rain is still pouring, is it okay to be exposed under such rain?" Iris felt anxious. She bit her lip and stared at her mate with furrow between her brows. 
"It’s okay." Cane hugged her and then told her what happened, since there was no way to hide this important detail from her. "The royal warriors had made their move. Probably, this will not be safe, so I want you to leave if things went wrong." 
Iris immediately pushed Cane away from her. She widened her eyes to protest, but Cane had spoke first. 
"You promised me that you will agree with me, in this situation." 
Iris shook her head. "No. You must have remembered it wrongly, because I have never said that I agreed with you." That was right. The topic changed before she gave the answer and Iris let it be, since that was how Cane used to avoid giving a definitive answer. She used the same method like him, which Cane found this endearing. 
"You learn a lot." Cane stared at her upset mate tenderly. She had grown so much within a year they were together, but in fact, it was not only Iris, but he also had changed. He learned a lot from her too. 
Iris might not realize it, but she helped him tremendously to navigate his feeling and slowly find his old self back. It was very free and calming every time he held her in his arms. She soothed his anger and appeased his anxiety. Her presence alone could pacify the turmoil within him. 
"Cane, I don’t want to leave," Iris said, she felt very awful right now. She didn’t know what to feel and what to prioritize and Cane felt guilty when he said the next thing. 
"Think about our child. You need to be safe. Both of you need to be safe." 
He didn’t want to use their child in this way, it felt so wrong to pressure her by using the baby, but Iris wouldn’t listen. 
Cane kissed her neck, while Iris started sobbing and they heard the knock on the door, it was Aliana, telling him that everything was ready. 
"I need to go." Cane released her from his arms and Iris started panicking. 
"No..." She clutched his clothes. "At least, let me go with you to the training ground, please." 
They argued back and forth for a while, but this time, Iris was adamant, she could be very stubborn when she really wanted something. 
Meanwhile, Lil Thing woke up and let out noises at Cane, because the alpha stressed her out. 
In the end, Cane agreed only with the condition, Iris would stay inside the carriage and wouldn’t go out at all. It had been proven the black rain didn’t have any bad effect, but he still didn’t want her to touch it. 
Cane walked out of the bedroom while holding Iris’s hand and Lil Thing followed behind them. The bear also followed behind the carriage when they went to the training ground. 
"You need to listen to Aliana. Whatever she said and decided, you need to listen to her, understood?" Cane wanted this assurance from his mate. 
It was so hard for Iris to agree with that, but then she didn’t have any other choice, because she couldn’t bring herself to put herself at risk with this pregnancy. She would be very devastated if she was being reckless and hurt the baby. 
Iris nodded, but she didn’t let go of Cane’s hand. "Please, promise me to be careful. You need to comeback." Iris sniffled and then her voice turned very cold. "Kill them all." 
She was very upset because her happy moment was disturbed, she couldn’t really feel happy with her pregnancy when there was this threat. She hated them all, who wanted to ruin her happiness. 
Cane chuckled when he heard her last words. "Okay." He didn’t expect there would be a day Iris was the one, who asked for the killing order. He kissed her lips, while she was pouting and this time, he heard Lou’s screeching voice from outside. 
"Lil Thing! It has been a while when the last time I saw you! Do you miss me?!" Lou went to Lil Thing with opened arms, but the bear actually turned around and gave him its back, which made the other warriors around the carriage chuckled. 
"You gifted it to our luna, remembered?" Aliana reminded Lou of what he had done. 
"Hey, I gave it to Iris because it likes to be with her, I sacrificed my feeling so it can be close with her. It didn’t mean I abandoned it!" Lou protested. 
"Whatever." Aliana rolled her eyes. Didn’t want to engage in futile argumentation with this merchant. 
"Look, I care for people and creature that I like, okay?" 
Right at that time, the door of the carriage slammed opened and Cane came out, his expression was as dark as the sky, with a storm raging under his skin. 
The loud sound of the carriage door and the dark expression on the alpha’s face made the merchant jumped out of his skin. 
"You almost gave me a heart attack!" Lou complained. 
Cane walked down the carriage and then beckoned him to follow him, but then he narrowed his eyes at Nala. 
The woman was actually standing next to Lou, while holding an umbrella for him. 
"Will you take her to the frontline too?" Cane nodded at Nala. 
"Can I?" Lou asked back innocently, but Cane growled. "I need her to hold the umbrella. I don’t want to get dirty under this strange rain." Lou was disgusted by this black water like ink that poured down from the storm clouds. 
This time, Cane’s eyes fixed on Nala, who immediately looked down, because she was caught staring at him. She still had this fluttering feeling in her stomach, every time she saw Cane. 
"Leave." 
That was only a word, but it was enough to make Nala stepped back and did what she was told. Probably, this was the effect of her upbringing, since she always followed the instruction of someone from higher status, a dominant figure like Cane. 
From her father, her brother, the men that took pleasure from her, the king and now Lou. But, because Cane was more intimidating, she leaned on following his order instead out of instinct, which caused the black rain poured on the merchant and dirtied his body. 
"Damn it!" Lou cursed under his breath, but Nala had rushed away from him, as the merchant glared at her. "I will make you pay for this!" 
"Pray you will be alive after this," Cane said coldly and then continued to walk toward the training ground, where thousand of the warriors had gathered together, including alpha Nolan. 
"What do you mean with that? I am not going out to fight against those shifters, okay." 
"Yes, you are." 
"What?! No! I am not a shifter!" 
"You fought against the royal before." 
"Yes, to help your pack!" 
"Exactly." 
"Now, I regret it." 
Cane ignored his last comment. "Find something in this rain?" 
Lou’s red cloak was dirty, his skin covered in black color, which made him looked miserable. He used to dress properly and neatly, as if a speck of dust didn’t even want to settle on his clothes, but right now, he was at lost. The merchant wouldn’t want to see his reflection on the mirror. 
"Nothing," Lou grumbled. "I am not using my magic so often. I think I am lacking in that aspect. I think I am a weak sorcerer." 
"Hm. Figure." 
"What do you mean with that? Do you really think I am weak?!" Lou was furious because Cane agreed with him. He should have disagreed. The alpha knew very well that he was not a weakling, right?! 
By this time, they were already in the training ground and Ethan snickered to see how miserable the merchant was. 
Inside the carriage, Iris stared at Cane’s retreating back. She felt this anxiety that gnawed in her chest. She didn’t want to be left alone, but then she knew the situation didn’t allow her to clung onto Cane. She felt unwell. 
"Luna, we need to go back to your room. Don’t worry, everything will be fine," Aliana said, trying to reassure her. She was drenched under this black rain, so did the rest of the warriors. "The alpha will make sure the enemy will not reach the gates." 
But, it meant, those royal warriors had destroyed five villages on their way here.
###Chapter 634: THE STORM IS HERE (5)
Chapter 634: THE STORM IS HERE (5)
Iris went back to her bedroom and now it was a waiting game, something that she couldn’t do well. She tried everything to calm herself down, but she simply couldn’t. All the negative thoughts swirled in her mind like a whirlpool that swallowed her gradually. 
"Luna, why don’t we go to see Haco and Celia?" Aliana suggested. She wanted to cheer her up, one could see it clearly how anxious Iris was and it was not good for the baby in her stomach. She looked like she would have a mental breakdown at any moment. 
"Okay," Iris said weakly, she was well aware that she needed to be more relax, but how could she do that when the enemy attacked them and there was this mysterious black rain that poured down this land at the same time. 
It didn’t take a genius to tell that it was not a coincidence at all, but what? What the meaning of all this? Iris stared at the black rain through her window and became even more agitated. 
Cane had told her that he had asked Haco about it, but apparently the sorcerer was not in his right mind, while Lou didn’t have any idea about the black rain either. 
Probably this time, she could make Haco remembered something and if she was lucky enough, the sorcerer might be in a better condition right now. 
Therefore, she agreed with Aliana to go to see Haco and Celia. From what she heard, Joel also went to the battlefield, so did Ethan, which the thought didn’t help with her anxiety. She wanted to keep those people that precious to her safe, but she didn’t know how. She really hated Alan and those people, who tried to harm them. 
However, before they could go out of the bedroom, when they walked past the fireplace, the fire flared up for a second and the lizard came out from there with a piece of parchment tied around its body. The creature looked annoyed, as it shook its body. 
Cane must have found out how to use the lizard more efficient and a way to inform all of his spy about this new way to communicate with each other more secretively. 
Iris immediately approached the lizard and untied the parchment from its body, while Aliana watched her. 
"That’s a report from the north." She could tell because every report from different spy would have different way of how to fold the parchment. She immediately scouted down next to Iris. 
Iris didn’t wait for long before she opened the report, she didn’t feel the need to ask permission, since Cane was not there. 
Aliana leaned closer to read it together with Iris and she gasped in shocked. "No way. This is bad..." She couldn’t believe with what she was reading, but Iris had gotten up and then rushed out of the bedroom. 
"Eron!" Iris called for the warrior, who immediately approached her, startled because of the urgency in her voice. 
"Yes, luna?" Eron blinked his eyes in confusion, looking around, just in case they missed something and there was danger around them, because that was the first impression, he got with the way the luna called his name. 
"Give this to Cane, go now!" Iris was very anxious. Cane and the other must have not yet gone too far, Eron would be able to reach him before they made a contact with the royal warriors. 
Iris felt like she wanted to go to deliver the report by herself, but she knew better not to. Even enraged would be an understatement if Cane saw Iris stepped out of the gates and more so, no matter how depressed she was with the situation, her main focus was her baby. She didn’t want anything happened to her with the extent of their baby. 
She didn’t know how to face the world if she lost the baby. 
She knew better not to be reckless now and let her impulsive thought put herself at risk. 
"This..." Eron took the parchment from Iris’s hand. 
"Report from the north! Now go before they are engaged in a battle!" Iris felt like she wanted to push Eron very hard, so he could move faster. 
"Right away, luna!" Eron immediately shifted into his beast and dashed away. He prayed that he would be able to make it in time. 
"What the report is about?" Dyne asked, his curiosity got the better of him. 
"Alpha Nolan is not on our side," Aliana replied grimly and this caused a heavy tension. "He played both sides." 
Iris then walked away hurriedly toward the warrior’s quarter to meet with Haco, but Aliana stopped her, she needed to prepare a transportation for her, because she didn’t want her to get drenched in this weird black rain and Iris had to wait again, something that made her slowly hated it. 
Her head and heart were going to explode with worry in this rate... 
Everything was very wrong in her eyes and a little thing agitated her greatly. 
========================= 
There were three big tents that had been set up an hour away from the big gates and from the latest report they got, the royal warriors still marched closer toward them after they destroyed five villages on their way here. 
"I don’t know what this damn black rain is!" Lou grew frustrated with Cane. He hated it when he saw how dirty he was right now and his favorite red cloak had turned into black color. He would be even more furious if he saw his reflection on the mirror, thankfully, they didn’t have any here. 
For someone, who used to look impeccable, this kind of look was a nightmare. 
Currently, the two of them were inside one of the tents and Cane had been interrogating this merchant about the task he gave to him. At this point, Cane really treated Lou as if he was one of his warriors and the merchant couldn’t get away from it, since their concern and priority was tangled together. 
"If you want to ask about this, why don’t you ask to the other magic user? There is someone, who will know about this better than anyone else!" Lou grumbled, he tried to squeeze out this dirty black water out of his precious cloak. 
"Who?" 
Lou lifted up his head and then grinned, all of sudden his eyes lit up with enthusiasm, which made Cane frowned, he didn’t like the look on his face. 
"The Serafim, who else?!" Lou declared arrogantly. "You are the one, who had the idea to involve the Holy Kingdom in the mess you created, but you forgot about her already?" 
That was right, it was Cane, who had involved the Holy Kingdom, but his original plan couldn’t be executed anymore, thanked to the unpredictable attack from lady Cyan. 
But, it didn’t mean Cane forgot completely about the Serafim, it was just it didn’t cross his mind with a lot of things that was going on. It seemed, with so many things happened at once, he had missed what was clearly in front of him. 
On the other hand, when Lou realized the idea didn’t even cross the alpha’s mind, Lou was extremely happy, he gloated. "Heaven! You didn’t even think about that, did you?! How can you not think about the Serafim? That’s the first thing that came to my mind! That’s very simple and easy to know, who you should ask, but you didn’t even think about that?!" 
Lou felt so much better when he said that, because he had been holding a grudge ever since Cane proposed the idea with the merchant. That should be his expertise and he should have done the deal with them without Cane’s help, but apparently, those four merchants had bigger heads than he predicted. 
Therefore, he had been very sulky when he closed the deal with them with the help of Cane, with the alpha’s idea. 
And now, it was a payback for that. 
"I can’t believe it, you didn’t even think about that!" Lou kept gloating. 
However, it gradually annoyed him because Cane didn’t seem to pay attention to that. He didn’t seem to care and now he looked like he was very boring, waiting for him to stop talking. 
"If you are done, write a letter to the Serafim," Cane said languidly. 
"Why should I be the one, who wrote a letter to her?" Lou protested. "It will be more make sense if you are the one, who asked." 
"Tell her that you are the one, who suggested Alan to write a letter to Holy Kingdom months ago." 
"Why should I do that?" 
"Don’t you want to expand your business to the Andel continent? Having a Serafim as an acquaintance will give you more benefit. You can use this opportunity to get to her." 
The alpha hit the nail. 
Lou hissed. He hated to be told, but what Cane suggested sounded like an opportunity indeed, yet the merchant was still reluctance to do it right away, only because he didn’t want to feel inferior to him. 
"I am busy now, ask someone else to do it on my behalf." He still acted haughtily. 
Cane gave him a disdain glance. "I thought you are a sorcerer, I saw a sorcerer used their magic to dry themselves in a second. Can’t you do that?" 
Shit. He was right. 
Lou cursed himself. Because he had been pretending for a long time that he was not a magic user, he forgot about that simple fact. 
"I can’t do that!" Lou growled. 
Cane nodded. "Figure. You said yourself that you are weak."
###Chapter 635: LOU COULDN’T STOP LAUGHING
Chapter 635: LOU COULDN’T STOP LAUGHING
Lou was seething because he couldn’t win this silly argumentation. He hated this alpha with all of his heart and he swore after everything had done and he got what he wanted, he would make even with him someday. 
Right at that time, Ethan entered the tent and the look on his face told them it wouldn’t be something good and they were right about it. 
"Sir Dageus from the royal warrior wanted to see you," Ethan said. He was not happy with the proposal. "He demanded for you to meet him in the middle." 
"What he wanted? If he wanted a battle, just go ahead," Lou grumbled, this time, he used his magic to dry himself, he couldn’t care less when he did it in front of Ethan, the gamma must have learned about it too if the alpha knew. 
Lou was right, aside from raising his brows, Ethan didn’t show any indication he was concern, neither surprised to see it. 
"What else he demanded?" 
Ethan then nodded at Lou. "He wanted to see you and the merchant." 
"What? Me?" Lou frowned. "I am not going. Do you think I will risk my life to go out there and be killed easily by them." 
"How can you be killed easily by them? You are a magic user," Ethan retorted. 
Lou then showed two water magic stones from his pocket. "These stones are not enough to kick their ass, okay?" Lou added. "More so, I am not going to reveal my identity in front of them. Don’t give me a complicated life and keep your mouth shut about me being a magic user." 
Ethan smirked. "Before, I don’t care about it, but right now I feel tempted to announce your little secret after your warning." 
Cane had enough, the two of them probably would keep talking until the end of time if he didn’t interfere. 
"Lou, come with me," Cane said in commanding tone, which irked the merchant so much. 
"Don’t you dare to give me an order." 
Yet, Cane had left the tent. He didn’t even bother to wait for him, despite his earlier order. 
"Can’t he talk with me first about what he is going to do and what kind of strategy he will do?!" Lou was exasperated. He hated the royal even more now and Cane was included. "Why he didn’t explain anything?!" 
"Well..." Ethan shrugged his shoulders. "Welcome to the family," he said sarcastically. 
============================ 
"Luna Iris!" Zale was surprised to see Iris was there, so did Celia. The little girl was happy to see her, since she had been very scared with the black rain. 
"Can you leave me alone with Haco, please?" Iris asked them gently, despite the urgency. She stretched out her hand and ruffled their hair. "There is something important I need to talk with him." 
Celia and Zale walked out of the room and found Lil Thing, along with the other warriors and Aliana, while Iris stayed inside the room only with Haco. 
"Haco." Iris approached Haco, who was sitting near the window, staring at the dark sky. Even though this was still early morning, but they lit up fire to illuminate this pack house, since it was so dark out there, as if this was an endless night. "Haco, can you talk to me?" 
Haco tilted his head and then stared at Iris for a while, before he spoke in his hoarse voice. "Who are you?" 
Iris felt this pain in her heart. She had introduced herself countless time to him and every time she did that, it was a reminder this old sorcerer’s time was drawing near. 
"Haco..." Iris sighed, she took both of his hands. He was skinny and his bony fingers felt very callous and rough. "What should I do now?" She lowered her head and rested against their hands. She was clueless and helpless. "Even now when I am able to hear and the ability I have, I still feel useless and a burden for people around me." 
The tension was too much, she wanted to know whether Eron could get in time to Cane or not. She was very anxious for her mate. This would be another betrayal that they had to face and it wouldn’t be the last. She felt like they couldn’t trust anyone at this point. 
The dark sorcerer in the palace, Crescent Moon pack in the north, Moon Dew pack and Winter Moon pack in the east and also Golden Light pack. 
The only pack that was on Cane’s side only the Red Claw pack and she was not sure, whether they already learned about alpha Nolan’s betrayal or not, whether their spy could figure that out, it was nerves wrecking to know about all of those things. 
The report came so late. If the report came earlier, Cane must be able to take precaution. 
And now, when the reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom would come, they needed to go to Winter Moon pack first, to dock their ships there. What would happen to them? 
Would Cane win this war against the royal family? Against the dark magic in the palace? What about Decratic? 
What if they lost? Would they slave them? 
Iris didn’t think that was a question at all. It would either they were being a slave, or they were going to be killed. 
What about her baby? Would they rip her baby from her stomach too like what they did to Leane? 
Iris trembled with her own imagination. Her mind went wild. She went ahead too far when the battle had not yet started, but all of those things were possibility. 
Iris wanted to stop her negative thoughts, but the more she tried, the more she couldn’t push it away on the back of her mind. 
"Why are you crying?" Haco frowned, Iris held both of his hands and rested her head on top of it, thus all he could see was her auburn hair and her trembling body. "Don’t cry, everything will be alright." 
Iris cried even harder when her wild imagination showed her an image of alpha Nolan clawed Cane’s heart out of his chest because her mate was not aware of his betrayal and he lowered his guard down, which was the caused of his demised. 
"Don’t cry. Don’t cry." 
Haco tried to coax her, yet it only reminded Iris of him and she became even more depressed. Her emotions were all over the places. 
"Do you want me to tell you about the story of the mind controller?" 
========================== 
"Alpha Cane, Sir Lou," Dageus greeted the two of them politely. They were standing a few meters away, while their respective warriors were behind them, far away from the four of them. 
Just like what they had requested, Cane came with Lou, while Dageus came with his second in command, Dreggo. 
Dageus was just recently appointed as the new leader for the border guard warriors, the position that previously belonged to Sir Elijah, but unfortunately, he died along with the king. 
"It has been a while," Dageus said. 
"Cut the crap, why don’t you tell us what do you want right away?" Lou hated this heated tension between all the people presences here. "You had requested to meet with us, what do you want?" 
Lou had dropped all the formalities. He didn’t like the royal family to begin with, thus his hostility could be sensed by them. He wanted this little meeting to be done quickly and be done with it, so they could go battle their way out of here. 
Dreggo growled at how impolite the merchant was, but Dageus still looked collected. He was appointed as the leader for a reason. 
Meanwhile, the alpha let Lou talked. With him there, he didn’t need to waste his breath to argue with these two warriors and figured out what they wanted. 
"We are here not to have a battle with you, we came in peace." 
"Yeah, and the villagers from five villages have rested in peace too now." 
Dageus nodded politely. "We didn’t kill them all, we sent the people, who didn’t rebel against us to the capital city. Some of the villagers were really feisty and we didn’t have any other options, but to take them down." 
Even a blind person could see how baseless that excuse. Those villagers were not warriors, there was no way ten thousand warriors could be intimidated by them. Needless to say, those who survived and was sent to the capital city must be women and children. 
However, Lou only scoffed disdainfully. He didn’t want to waste his breath to these two warriors too. 
"We are here because you have not yet fulfilled the summon from king Alan." 
Lou almost laughed when he heard Alan’s new title, even when he was still the crown prince, he always felt the tittle was too extravagant for him and now he was the king? Ridiculous. 
"We are here to escort the two of you back to the capital city. You have not yet vowed your loyalty to the king, alpha," Dageus said clearly without missing a beat. "Meanwhile, the merchant was summoned because his magical device was proven not working as you have promised. There were a lot of monster attack within the capital city recently and you need to take responsibility of that." 
This time, it was Dreggo, who added. "Come with us peacefully, alpha Cane, Sir Lou, we don’t want to have a battle here with you." 
Meanwhile, the black rain had stopped, but the gloomy clouds were still hanging in the sky. 
"This is the order from the king and as his subject, you must oblige it," Dreggo spoke again haughtily. "We are here to deliver this message." 
"By taking ten thousand warriors with you and razed five villages?" Lou mocked him openly. He didn’t think he would be on Alan’s good side in this lifetime. Therefore, it was too late to brown nose him, which left him with the only option that he didn’t like either. 
Lou glanced at Cane, whose face was unreadable. He didn’t know what he was thinking, neither what he planned to answer that. 
Dageus shifted his attention toward Lou. "Sir Lou. Our order is to deliver the message, but we are also ordered to take you back with us, whether you agreed or not. Your failure of protecting the capital city has caused so many people died and you need to take responsibility for that." 
Lou’s face hardened upon hearing such bold declaration. "Did you mean, you are going to take me even by using violence." 
"We hope we will not resolve to that point, but yes. We need to take you back with us, you must take responsibility for your error." 
"And who will judge whether I made a mistake or not?" Lou glared at the two of them disdainfully. 
"The wise king will judge it." 
Lou couldn’t hold back his laughter when he heard that. That was the most hilarious thing that he had ever heard. The wise king would judge? Alan was a wise king? Could Lil Thing now be able to fly? Or the furball finally suit its given name? 
Lou’s laughter could be heard even to the both side parties, as they frowned, curious why the merchant suddenly became crazy, since they couldn’t hear their conversation. 
It took long time for Lou to recover his wits and for a rare occasion, Cane let him be, watched the whole thing with amusement in his dark eyes. 
In all honesty, it was actually good enough to have this merchant on your side, only if he didn’t try to chase after his mate in every opportunity he got. 
"Enough!" Dreggo snapped because he couldn’t take it the disrespect anymore. "You will come with us." 
"He is not going anywhere," Cane said in his deep voice. 
"Alpha Cane, if you are trying to intervene with this, we will assume you are trying to rebel against the royal. Have you heard what happened in the north?"
###Chapter 636: AN OFFER
Chapter 636: AN OFFER
What happened in the north? 
Alpha Derick knelt down and pledged his loyalty to king Alan in order to save prince Kellan’s life, since he was the mate of the alpha’s daughter. 
Now, three crucial packs in this continent were under the control of the royal, they showed support to their new king, Alan. 
In that case, it left the Red Claw pack, Winter Moon pack and all the pack in the south under Cane’s control, which made Cane could be counted as a real threat with the larger territory and authority in this continent, not to mention the magic stone mines in the south and the mines in the Red Claw pack, which could make anyone salivated to get a chunk of it. 
"Is that a threat?" Cane asked. He was not stupid not to realize that. 
The fact they didn’t attack right away now, probably because they still wanted to taste the water, whether they could get him on their side or not, since Cane didn’t participate in the coup d’etat that Red Claw pack raised. 
"We only wanted you to know where you are standing. The king’s order is absolute, denying the order will brand you as a traitor and just like how we know it very well what kind of punishment that will be given to those nasty traitors." 
Dageus looked calmer than his second in command when he spoke, but it didn’t diminish the fact that he was trying to intimidate the alpha and the merchant before him. 
In which, obviously didn’t work. 
Their point was clear. They wanted to create a rift between Cane and Lou. Knowing they had worked together for the project in the Riverside pack and the Howling Wolf pack, not to mention there was this rumor that Cane spread around about how the merchant was one of his people, but at this moment, it was used against him. 
They only demanded Lou, because they thought, it would be easier to drag Lou to the capital city and if Cane didn’t do anything, there was no way this merchant kept his loyalty to him anymore. After all, what bonded them together was benefit. 
And if Cane rejected to hand over the merchant, he could be branded as a traitor, which justified the attack upon him. 
Cane was going to lose no matter what. 
This method of creating a rift among his people, was awfully familiar and both Cane and Lou knew that Alan was too dense to come up with this meticulous plan. 
It would be people behind him, who had concocted the plan.
"We don’t want a battle. It will not give anything to us, aside from dead warriors. There is no need for that if you come with me peacefully, Sir Lou," Dageus spoke again and this time, Lou had stopped laughing, he wiped his tears from his eyes. 
"I don’t care about the warriors, who will die if the battle broke out, they are not my people." Lou shrugged his shoulders and pointed Cane. "If you want to use that threat, use it against him, not me. You threatened the wrong person." 
What he was saying was right. Lou couldn’t care less about how many warriors would fall into their demises. He was not going to hand over his precious life to that stupid king. They were talking gibberish when they said Alan would make a wise decision. 
Lou would rather believe more on Lil Thing stopped being lazy, the chance was higher, than Alan was being wise and would spare his life, or at the very least, left him unscathed. He knew very well how that idiot man held dearly onto his grudge. 
"Sir Lou, you are going to the Capital City whether you agreed or not. Alpha Cane, you can’t disobey the king’s order." Dageus’s face was avoid from any emotions when he said this. 
The two of them were going to grab Lou and force him to come with them, knowing he was only a merchant, the two of them would be enough to drag him. 
Casually, Cane fished out something from his pocket and showed it to them. It was the golden stamp that he obtained from the previous king, something that should be enough to command the whole warriors in this continent, the second highest authority after the king. 
"Back off, warriors." 
Lou smirked when Cane used the golden stamp to stop them. He forgot this alpha had this kind of thing. 
Dageus and Dreggo furrowed their brows to see the golden stamp, they also forgot about it. "This is the king’s order, you can’t deny it." 
"I don’t deny the king’s order, I only told you to back off." 
In another words, they could take Lou away, but he wanted them to stay away from him too, which only left them with an option for Lou to come over to them on his own volition, something that would never happen. 
The two of them were discussing this matter through mind link, they could see the way their eyes glazed over, before they finally came up with the conclusion. 
"We will give you until tomorrow to give us the answer, you better think about this carefully," Dageus said firmly before he turned around and shifted into his beast, to go back to his warriors. 
Meanwhile, Dreggo glared at Lou and Cane. "Make a wise decision, alpha. You don’t want to be thrown into slavery again." 
"It’s so rich, coming from a slave like you." Lou smirked derisively when he heard that. "You are also only a slave for that king, right?" 
Dreggo growled at Lou, he was enraged, but a vicious glare from Cane was enough to stop him in his track, especially when he spoke with such viciousness in his tone. 
"Crawl back to your people warriors." 
"This is the king’s territory!" Dreggo emphasized this. "The king has not yet agreed to make you the only alpha in the north!" 
But then, Dreggo could hear Dageus’s voice in his mind, as his commander mind link him to back off before he escalated the situation. They needed to ask to the king before they proceeded with this. 
Growling viciously, Dreggo turned around and shifted into his beast, as he rushed toward his warriors. 
"I am so touch you used the golden stamp to save my ass!" Lou was being exaggerated when he showed his appreciation, he mage a grand gesture by bowing to Cane, but one could feel he was mocking the alpha. 
Yet, his antics didn’t bother Cane anymore, he simply tossed the golden stamp toward Lou. "You can keep it." 
Lou caught the golden stamp in time and frowned very hard. "What? Hey! Why did you give me this?! Don’t you know how much power you can have for holding onto this?! Hey!" 
In the beginning, Lou was trying to annoy Cane, but now he was left alone, feeling annoyed, because the alpha had shifted into his beast and dashed away from him, as if he was a plague that he needed to avoid. 
Of course, Cane knew the power that the golden stamp held, he asked for such thing because of that reason, but then he also knew, once Alan heard about it, he was going to annul the authority that came with the golden stamp, since he was the king, he could do that. 
Cane was right, because a few days later, the royal announced the absolute authority was in the king’s hand and the golden stamp was no longer holding the same power. 
Meanwhile, Eron arrived, he immediately looked for Ethan, because at that time, Cane was talking with Dageus and Dreggo. 
"What is it?" Ethan frowned when he was dragged into one of the tents by Eron. 
"The alpha needs to see this," Eron said, as he handed the letter from Nexus, their spy in the north. "The Winter Moon pack worked for the royal!" He hissed viciously, seemingly very pissed with this piece of information. 
Ethan opened the letter and read that short information, but his expression didn’t change, he only mumbled something incoherently. 
"What? This is urgent! You need to inform the alpha about this right away!" 
Ethan lifted his head and patted his shoulder. "You don’t need to worry, Cane has taken precaution for this." 
"What?" Eron blinked his eyes in surprised. "The alpha already knew about this." 
"No, he has his own suspicion." Ethan knew that Cane had been suspicious with the involvement of Winter Moon pack. If anything, alpha Nolan would choose to side with the royal. After all, Ethan was sent alone to taste the water with alpha Nolan, which still annoyed him even now because Cane tricked him in such way. "You know the alpha has a great instinct." He winked at Eron. 
"Really?" Eron was shocked, he knew the alpha always had his own plan and had a great head on his shoulders, but it was still surprised him every time he learned about the way he schemed his way to get what he wanted, or to get out of trouble. 
"Go back now and makes sure the luna is fine. You don’t want something happened to her, especially at this moment." Ethan reminded him that Iris was pregnant and no one would be able to escape the alpha’s wrath if something happened to her. 
Being reminded of that, Eron immediately scampered away, he was glad the alpha had taken precaution against alpha Nolan and actually was able to see it before there was a confirmation for it. 
Once Cane returned, he talked to alpha Nolan first, they were discussing something for more than two hours with the merchant as well, who looked very bored in the entire conversation, only after that, Ethan could tell Cane about the letter from the north. 
"Proceed with what we have discussed." 
"Right away," Ethan replied. 
For double crossing him, Cane had a surprised for alpha Nolan. 
But, later that night, alpha Nolan came to his tent to have a conversation with him, where he revealed his true intention to create a rift between Cane and Iris. He did it very smoothly and subtle, but as an observant person, he knew what he wanted from their conversation. 
"I am not going to take any mistresses, Nolan." Cane’s eyes turned very dark. The black rain started to pour down again and the ground was muddy, which made the moral of the warriors were very low, while the vicious howl of the wind could be heard from the distance. There was no sunlight whatsoever, the sky looked like it was going to be very dark permanently. 
Right now, the two alphas were inside the tent, the atmosphere was a little bit awkward and tensed. 
"Think about it again." Alpha Nolan didn’t look hurt by the rejection, he had expected this. "You can take over the throne. Why would you let a baby to be the future king and Koda to be his regent when you can sit on the throne by yourself? Winter Moon pack will help you." 
Alpha Nolan was not only double crossing him, but he did the same to Red Claw pack. The word of loyalty seemingly held no meaning in his eyes at all. 
"By mating to one of your daughters." Cane made the offer very clear. 
"I will give you all my resources, if you mated with my daughter. You can choose, who you wanted." 
Cane felt very sick in his stomach to think he was going to touch another woman aside from Iris. He was very comfortable with his sweet mate, until one would think he was normal, but in truth, the thought of touching another woman, or let anyone touched him made him sick. 
Not to mention with the fact, any daughter that alpha Nolan offered to him, she would be the sister of his deceased mate. 
"In that case, what are you going to do with Red Claw pack?" Cane’s expression was devoid from any emotions.
###Chapter 637: CRAVING
Chapter 637: CRAVING
It was a tricky situation when you have to face a double crosser like alpha Nolan. There were a lot of things that you could get from this situation, but if you made a wrong move, it would be you, who was being stabbed on the back. 
"They are not born as a royal family. The idea of putting the baby on the throne is ridiculous." 
The thing that alpha Nolan didn’t know was; it was Cane’s idea to put the baby on the throne, he and Koda schemed their way to make it happened. 
"And for Koda to be the regent? Do you really want to let him sit on the throne and do whatever he wanted to do? That man is very greedy for power." 
All of them did, including Cane. Who would be able to resist the temptation of power, everyone needed power for different reason. More so, it was also Cane’s idea to put Koda as the regent. 
"Hm." Cane nodded. "And?" 
Alpha Nolan smirked, he thought he had tempted Cane enough to consider this. 
"The only person, who has the royal blood and suit to be on the throne is you, Cane. People might have forgotten about this, but I will never forget it." Alpha Nolan stood up, he walked toward Cane and stood in front of him, as if he was a father, who was lecturing their son about life. "If Leane was still alive, she will want the same thing." 
How ridiculous of alpha Nolan for talking on behalf of his dead daughter when he didn’t even know what was Leane’s favorite flower. 
"Leane will want to see you to raise in power and sit on the position that should be yours." Alpha Nolan kept edging Cane to think about all the possibilities that he could get if he became the king. "During your time in the capital city and what you have done to ensure the people’s safety, people’s heart goes to you, it will be easy for you to win the people’s heart." 
That was rather true, the people in the capital city were very thankful for what Cane had done, especially when he was rumored to be in a good term with prince Kellan and helped with the construction of the orphanage. 
Even after all this time, the people still saw prince Kellan in bright light and a perfect, kind prince. The irony of it made Cane felt sick. 
"What is your plan?" Cane narrowed his eyes and alpha Nolan’s eyes lit up even more, he looked younger than his age right now. 
He then gleefully told Cane what was in his mind. The plan to sabotage the Red Claw pack and the support from the Holy Kingdom. 
"Do you know the Red Claw pack has their own force of magic user?" Alpha Nolan crossed his arms in front of his chest. 
Cane knew the other secret of Red Claw pack, but not this one. "Force of magic user?" It could be considered as illegal to have their own force of magic user, aside from the magic user in the palace. 
Usually, one pack would only allow to have one magic user, but a bunch of them? It could be a threat for the king. Not only that, the Holy Kingdom allowed the force of magic user belonged to the royal family only, because it was their pride as the magic user not to obey any orders from lower class, especially from shifter, the creature that deemed ’impure’, since they were half animal and half human. 
If that was true, what Red Claw pack did, had breached two rules at the same time. 
But then, to think about it again, it was pretty easy for Red Claw pack to house a lot of magic users, since they had the source of their power, the magic stone mines. 
"How many magic users that we are talking about?" 
Alpha Nolan smiled brightly to see the interest in Cane’s eyes. "A hundred, give or take." 
A hundred magic user under your command was too much, but the problem was; how they could raise such force? Magic user didn’t bond to their leader like the member of the pack to their alphas, they were free spirit, who led their own life and could live individually. 
"If the Serafim learned about this, you can see where this will go..." 
Yes. Cane could see where this would go, but then after he got the confirmation from his spy about the Winter Moon pack and the royal, he knew where he would end up after they took down the Red Claw pack. 
"Interesting," Cane smiled, which alpha Nolan assumed he agreed with his plan. "Tell me more how do you want to proceed this." 
"Verry well." Alpha Nolan nodded. For this unity, he would offer his daughter again. Once his daughter mated with Cane, he would have him wrapped around his fingers. 
=========================== 
Iris stared at the gloomy sky, it was so dark and the black rain poured down the ground again. The storm was here and the angry howls of the wind made Iris felt anxious. She hated this so much. It would be a day without the sunlight and people grew restless, this weather made everyone felt very depressed. 
"Is there any news from Cane? What happened out there?" Iris asked Aliana for a hundred times today, she felt lethargic and unsettling. 
She learned from Eron when he returned that Cane had his own suspicion about alpha Nolan, which made her felt so glad that he didn’t put down his guard and his instinct was as sharp as ever. 
Currently, they were only two hours away, but Iris felt they were so far apart, especially tonight would be the first time after so many nights they didn’t sleep together. It would be the first time they were separated. 
Iris couldn’t help, but became very upset, especially when she grew clingy with Cane because of this pregnancy. Her emotions were all over the places. She missed him so bad. She wanted him to be by her side all the time and she cursed all the people, who had separated them like this. 
"Don’t worry, apparently, the royal warriors only demanded for the alpha to hand over Sir Lou. They didn’t mean to attack us." Aliana scoffed when she said the last statement. What they meant that they didn’t want to attack them when they had destroyed five villages? 
Iris didn’t feel easy even when she heard that. "Did Cane hand Lou over to them?" she asked sheepishly. Well, she didn’t mind for Lou to be dragged to the Capital city, as long as those warriors backed off and Cane could return unscathed. She was afraid if Cane really went to a battle and something bad happened to him, even though, she knew very well he would be fine in any battle, after all, if thing went south, Lu wouldn’t let Cane, as his vessel, to die. 
"No." 
"Why?" 
Aliana smiled. "I don’t know luna. Reading what was in the alpha’s mind is almost as difficult as looking for a needle in haystack." 
Iris sighed, she knew that feeling. 
"Now, let’s sleep." Aliana tucked her in. "Don’t stay up so late, you have been very gloomy today, it’s not good for the baby." 
Iris stared at her flat stomach and smiled timidly. She was pregnant. She was really pregnant. Because she had not yet showing, she felt like this was not real. Is there really a baby there? Iris touched her stomach again. It felt the same like yesterday... 
"I saw this fruit in the market when I was in the Capital City... but, I forgot what the name of this fruit..." Iris muttered sleepily. 
"What fruit?"
"Something red... but, I don’t remember the name. I really want it..." 
And after saying that, Iris fell asleep, only when her head touched the pillow, she felt the exhaustion and finally let go of her anxiety. 
Once she fell asleep, Aliana immediately wrote something and gave it to the hawk, to deliver the message to a certain alpha, who received it with a frown between his brows. 
"Golden Seed fruit," Cane muttered to himself after he read the message. That was the fruit that Iris wanted. 
There was a furrow between his brows when he was thinking of something, the look on his face was very serious, as if he was trying to concoct a great scheme. He thought about it for a little while more and asked Dean to call Lou to his tent in the middle of the night. 
When he was told that he was summoned to Cane’s tent, Lou almost lost it. He was sleeping in this poor quality tent because he was not allowed to go back to the pack house, even though it was only two hours away and he had nothing to do to be here. 
But now, he was being summoned by the alpha when he finally could fall asleep?! This alpha really tested his patience! 
"What did he want?!" Lou growled in frustration when Dean woke him up. This warrior didn’t even have manner, as he walked into his tent without permission. 
"The alpha didn’t say anything about it, he only asked for your presence." 
"Wait until morning, don’t you know I am sleeping." 
"You are awake now," Dean pointed out the obvious. "Because you are already awake, why don’t you come to see why the alpha needs to see you." 
"Why should I care about that?!" Lou became very grumpy. More so, he was awake because of him, okay! 
In the end, after back and forth with Dean, Lou begrudgingly decided to see Cane, because he wouldn’t be able to sleep again at this point when he was extremely upset. The warrior didn’t want to back down and stay inside his tent, until he was willing to wake up. 
Lou contemplated to use his magic on Dean, or maybe it would be easier to kill him, but then his rationality won that impulsive thought. 
"What do you want?!" Lou stomped his feet, he was still wearing his red cloak and looked impeccable like usual, though his face was very tired. 
Cane waved his hand and Dean left them alone. 
The merchant crossed his arms and threw a dagger look at Cane. "It will be great if you have a good explanation to bother my sleeping time. I can be in a bad mood for a whole day and night if I don’t have enough sleep." 
"You were the one, who made the portal to create chaos in the palace on new year, by letting loose the monster in the palace." 
That was not even a question, but a statement, which Lou couldn’t retort. Cane had already known about his secret, there was no point of denying it. 
"Hm. Can you see now how great of magic user I am? So, next time show some respect," Lou said haughtily, yet like usual, Cane couldn’t care less about that detail. 
"Great." Cane nodded. "Can you open the portal to any place you want? Or is there any limit of distance?" 
"Of course, I can!" Lou looked so proud of himself. "I can reach any places in this continent, as long as the place doesn’t cross the ocean." Well, he was exaggerated in this part, there was indeed a limit of distance that he could scoop. 
"Good." 
Lou felt something was off, he narrowed his eyes and crept closer toward Cane. 
"I want you to create a portal." 
Lou scoffed. "Hey, I am not your servant, okay? You can’t order me around like this!" 
"Right. I should have accepted the offer and let them take you away, so they could get away from my territory." 
Now, Lou really wanted to kill Cane. 
"Where do you want to go?" Lou felt suspicious. Where this alpha wanted to go in the middle of the night? 
"To the capital city," Cane said calmly, which made Lou’s face turned ashen.
###Chapter 638: CAPITAL CITY
Chapter 638: CAPITAL CITY
"Are you crazy? Do you want to surrender yourself? What kind of plot do you have in your broken mind?" Lou couldn’t understand him, he thought they were on the same page. 
But then he was woken up in the middle of the night to take him to the Capital City. That was outrageous! 
Maybe Lou’s accusation was right, Cane’s mind was broken now, because he didn’t have any plot in his mind for the reason to go to the Capital city. 
"Can you do that?" Cane asked calmly, despite the merchant was seething at him. 
"No, I am not going to do that! Even if I can, I will not do that!" Lou scoffed. "If you are going to surrender, do it yourself, don’t get me involved with your crazy plan!" 
"I never said I am going to surrender." 
"So, what are you going to do in the capital city?" 
"There is something I want to get." 
Lou scrunched his nose, he pursed his lips, but his curiosity got the best of it. "What is it?’ 
=========================== 
Aliana made sure the room was warm enough for Iris, but for her, she felt like she was being boiled alive. This was too hot! 
Therefore, once she saw Iris had fallen asleep comfortably, she walked out of the bedroom and let the cold wind caressed her damped skin. 
"Do you need something?" Eron asked, he approached Aliana. He, Dyne and Zephyr would take turn with the other four to guard the bedroom, while Aliana supposed to not leave Iris alone inside. 
Therefore, when she walked out, they were immediately on alert. 
"No, I only need to get some fresh air," Aliana said immediately to calm them down. "It’s very hot inside." 
All of them could see how Aliana was sweating profusely. Her skin had turned red because the temperature was too high for her liking. 
"Is the luna fine? She really can sleep in such hot temperature?" Dyne asked with curiosity, he once stepped inside the room and he needed to admit it felt like a room in the middle of summer. 
"No, she is fine. Lower than this, she will wake up, feeling cold." 
"I can’t imagine how the alpha is able to sleep in such hot temperature," Aliana mumbled. The alpha didn’t even complain and slept next to his mate, as if the hot temperature was nothing. More so, the room would always be bright, because Iris was afraid of dark. 
It was still a mystery how Cane could do all of that when he had every right to get comfortable in his own bedroom, or he could sleep in different room. 
"What are you doing here?" Zephyr asked with a frown and all of them followed his line of sight only to find Zale was standing not too far from them, his body drenched with black water like ink, which made him look miserable.
"I want to stand guard to protect the luna too," Zale said without any hesitation, while Lil Thing’s ears perked up when it heard his voice. He opened its eyes and stretched its body before it fell sleep again after seeing Zale’s figure. 
"You don’t need to do that, we are enough. Go back to your bedroom." Zephyr waved his hand to dismiss Zale, but the young boy was adamant. He was not going back. 
"The alpha is not here, I am going to stay with you all and help to stand on guard." He then sat down on the floor, crossed his legs and looked around him, as if he was looking for any potential danger that could happen. 
"I can’t understand his obsession to be with the luna." Eron scrunched his nose. He didn’t know Zale very well, but he could see how stubborn this young boy could be, Zephyr also had mentioned him a few times. 
"She saved my life and gave my sister a proper burial. I will repay that for the rest of my life," Zale said firmly. "I will not forget the hand that helped me in time of need." 
The four of them grimaced, what Zale said like a harsh slap on their face and they felt embarrassed on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Howling Wolf pack. 
Zephyr cleared his throat. "Do as you wish." 
They didn’t bother Zale anymore after that and let that young boy to stay. He was full of dedication and meant it when he said he wanted to pledge his loyalty to Iris, though the luna had not yet accepted him. 
============================ 
"How’s your lesson today with Kaz?" Jace asked Celia when he found her was still inside the small office that should belong to the head of the steward. 
On the six months mark, this small office would belong to her, because she would take over Kaz’s job to take care the pack house. In another word, she raised in rank. 
"Great," Celia replied, but Jace felt it was not as great as she said it. 
"Did he cause you trouble?" The beta knew how reluctant Kaz was to let go of the job that had become his identity. He had caused trouble for Celia a few times, especially after he figured out Sofia’s baby was not Cane’s. He vented out his frustration on this young girl and Jace had put his foot down a few times. 
"No." Celia shook her head. "He was only being grumpy like usual," she replied lightly, but then she lifted her head and then stared at Jace for a few moment, as if she wanted to say something, but conflicted whether she needed to say it or not. 
"What is it? Tell me." Jace wanted to look for Kaz, there was a few things he wanted to ask about the distribution of food for the orphanage, but it was not an urgent matter. It could wait. 
"Why Sir Kaz hates the luna so much? She is not a bad person." The way Kaz used to curse at the luna under his breath made Celia felt uncomfortable. He blamed everything on her, even something that completely unrelated to her. 
Kaz had been going through a lot of emotions, at first, he felt guilty and remorseful, but then he justified his action and a moment later, he would be so mad to the luna, yet a few days later the circle would continue again. 
"Some time, people couldn’t let go of their past. Don’t mind him." Jace became curious. He knew most people in the Howling Wolf pack, especially those, who were not close with Iris still couldn’t let go of their past and seeing her was very difficult, because she was a living reminder of what they had gone through. 
They had not yet reached the point where they accepted her, but instead of being hostile toward their luna now, they were tolerating her existence, which could be said an improvement and Jace hoped they would come to term to fully accept her. She was perfect for Cane, especially when the alpha gradually returned to himself whenever he was with her. 
"What do you think about the luna?" Jace asked Celia. He hoped she wouldn’t harbor the same hatred like the most of the rest of the pack member. 
Celia thought about it for a while. "The luna is very kind. I remembered I received a piece of meat and a glass of water after being starved for a few days." She grimaced when she remembered that. She was only a little child, but her childhood memories filled with a lot of things that she better off to forget, yet she couldn’t. "The meat and the water were from Hanna, if it was from her, it meant, it was from the luna too, right? I will never forget that. Why they can’t focus on her act of kindness?" 
Jace smiled at her. "I don’t know, Celia." 
"I hope the luna finally can be happy with the alpha and has a lot of babies, since people in our pack seems to be very concern about it, maybe with that they can finally accept her." 
Jace didn’t think that was a good way to accept someone and Iris would be very dissapointed if she was accepted just because she met their expectation, but there was one thing that Jace agreed with Celia. 
"I hope the two of them can find their happiness no matter what." Jace prayed everything would end up well and they finally could have a peaceful life. 
=========================== 
It didn’t cross Cane’s mind in the beginning, because he didn’t have any plan to go to the Capital City, not to mention with what was going on right now, the chance for him to have any desire to step into the Capital City was close to none. 
However, like usual, he wouldn’t do something without meaning, neither he would allow himself to be in disadvantage position if he could help it. 
Cane did not only come here to get the Golden Seed fruit, but he wanted to see this place up close. What was happening in the Capital City after Alan took over the throne. He got a glimpse of what was happening from the letter from the child in the orphanage that was sent to Iris, but it had been a while and there was no more letter from Joyce, since the last one. 
"What was that?" Lou frowned, he stared at his own hand, but he couldn’t comprehend the surge of power he felt when he opened the portal. It supposed not that easy to stabilize the portal, but as it turned out, he could do it effortlessly. 
Lou stared at Cane, who ignored him and walked ahead in this empty alley. He contemplated for a while, but then he shook his head. There was no way Cane would know about the surge of power he felt earlier, since he was not even a magic user, more so, Lou’s pride held his tongue back to mention about it. 
It would be embarrassing to admit he got some kind of mysterious help when he opened the portal. He would never admit that, even though the curiosity gnawed on the back of his mind. 
"Where are we going now?" 
"To the orphanage." 
Cane actually replied to his question and quicken his pace, which made the merchant had to run after him. 
"I supposed to sleep right now, you know!" Lou hissed disdainfully. He promised himself this would be the last time Cane could use him as he liked. There would be no more after this, if anything, it would be him, who took advantage of this alpha! "Wait, what are you going to do in the orphanage?" 
Cane didn’t answer him, he looked around this part of the Capital City and realized how much change had happened here. This place was not like this a few months ago when he was here. 
"Hey!" Upset was an understatement for what Lou felt right now, especially when Cane walked away alone, ignoring him. Did he think, he wouldn’t leave him alone here? The alpha wouldn’t be able to return without him, but then he didn’t look concern about that fact at all. 
"Shut up." 
Cane stopped walking, as they reached the end of the alley and reached the main street. The first thing that hit Cane was the thick smell of blood in the air and what he witnessed next was nerves wrecking. 
This place, was no different from Silver River pack. If Cane didn’t see the haughty palace in the distance, he would think Lou had created a portal to that pack. 
"What the hell is happening here?" Lou stopped nagging at Cane when he saw what he was seeing. He was dumbstruck. 
"It seems, they are right to sue you. Your magical device doesn’t work." Cane glanced at Lou beside. 
"Bullshit! That’s impossible!" Lou retorted. 
"The fact is before your eyes." Cane waved his hand to the horrendous sight in front of them.
###Chapter 639: CAPITAL CITY (2)
Chapter 639: CAPITAL CITY (2)
The capital city was a trade center and a place that was always busy and lively, filled with many people of various statuses and powerful backgrounds. 
Where all the centers of activity on this continent mostly take place here, but right now this place was not much different from the Silver River pack, where famine occurs and rubbish piles up in the corners of the alleys, some shops that were usually busy have closed and there were not many people on the streets, where you can see bloodstains, which Cane assumes were the remains of people attacked by monsters. 
The change in this place was very significant, it was baffling. 
"They were not wrong when they accused you of the failure with the magical device. You failed indeed." Cane touched the stain of blood on the wall and was sure this blood came from goblin. He could differentiate it. 
Black rain apparently poured down this area as well, but right now, the rain had stopped, yet the sky was still pitch black. Without the sunlight, it was very depressing to say the least. They didn’t know how long this phenomenon would stop, or whether someone was behind all of this. 
But, Cane’s instinct inclined to the latter. 
"I should have sent letter to the Howling Wolf pack about it." The same magical device was built in his pack and the tunnel was protected with the same magical device too. 
However, Lou couldn’t accept that. "There is no way I failed!" he was hissing viciously. "There must be something wrong with the way they handled the magical device that I created!" he gritted his teeth. 
Cane only glanced at him and continued walking toward the orphanage, which made the merchant annoyed even more. 
"I am serious! We need to go to the great wall to make sure of that!" Lou was upset to himself because he was trying so hard to make Cane changed the way he was thinking of his work. Why would he care about what he was thinking!? This was annoying beyond words! 
Why would he need to prove himself in front of him?! 
"Hey! I am serious!" 
"Be quiet, you are going to wake everyone." Cane gave Lou a warning glance, which made the merchant even more enraged, but he could only bite his tongue. 
"Don’t you think this is weird there is no royal warriors whatsoever in this area?" Lou finally spoke after a long silence. He couldn’t stand this awkwardness, while Cane didn’t seem to bother at all. 
Cane had noticed it the moment he walked in the main street. This place had been attacked by monster frequently, the letters that Joyce sent to Iris only grazed the surface of the situation here. In this case, the royal warriors and guards supposed to be stationed in every nook and cranny of this place, but after a few minutes of walking, he couldn’t find any of them. 
The people inside the Capital City couldn’t go out, because when they tried, they would be killed, but inside the city, they were being attacked by the monsters too. 
It was still a mystery why these monsters could be inside the city gates. 
Cane didn’t doubt Lou’s ability and his magical device, because he was certain all of this absurdity happened because of what lady Cyan and her father had planned, but what the end goal of ruining the city? 
Now, being here and witnessed the situation with his own eyes, Cane could get the full picture of it. This alerted him even more. 
"Hey, can’t you speak out your mind?" Lou was frustrated. He knew there were a lot of things that swirled in this alpha’s mind, but he didn’t let out a peep. "Share what you are thinking! Ugh! I can’t imagine how Iris is be able to stay with someone like you." 
A glare from Cane was enough to shut him up, as they walked the rest of their walk in silence toward the orphanage. 
Both of them were wearing hoodie that covered their faces, just in case someone would recognize them and it took a stern talk from Cane to make Lou dropped his tacky red cloak. What the point of covering their faces when he was wearing that crazily bright color? 
Once they arrived in the orphanage, Cane narrowed his eyes. He almost did not recognize this building anymore. 
"Are you sure the children are still alive?" Lou frowned to see the two buildings that supposed to be the place for the orphan children. The main building looked empty, there was no light at all, while the second building, which supposed to be the new building under the construction before Cane left, was abandoned. The construction on it had not yet done before it stopped. 
Cane said nothing and pushed opened the rusty gates, which there was stain of blood there. It seemed the orphanage had been under attack by monster as well and whoever put the spell to protect this place had failed. 
Cane gritted his teeth, as he walked into the main building. He sniffed the air and the putrid smell hit his senses, burned his throat. It was not a good sign. 
He knew something horrendous might have happened here. 
"Are you really going to go inside that building?" Lou frowned very hard. He didn’t want to go inside at all, but at this point, it was already too late for him, since he had this urge to stay close with this alpha. To be honest, the vibe this place had, gave him chill down his spine. 
He was ready to get them out of here. 
"Look for the children," Cane said, as if he was giving an order to Ethan or Dean. 
"What? Why should I?!" Lou was enraged. 
========================== 
"Stop crying, okay?" Kellan coaxed his mate to stop crying, because she missed her father and was homesick. She wanted to go back to the Crescent Moon pack, but she couldn’t. 
The sky looked very gloomy, while the weird black rain had stopped pouring down, the sky still looked the same. 
Arella was only seventeen years old, she was very young and she mated with prince Kellan a month after he sought refugee in her father’s pack when the new king started to kill all of his siblings the moment he sat on the throne. 
Mated with a man that was twice her age didn’t bother her, because she believed it was love, prince Kellan told her it was love. He convinced her the feeling between them was a mate bond and with a few whispers of sweet nothing, the prince put his mark on her. 
Arella loved him, but she couldn’t bear to be away from her father and her pack. She missed them terribly, but she needed to follow her mate to go back to the palace, being locked away from the outside world in this palace that used to belong to prince Kellan. 
The only thing that cheered her up was the orphanage girls that accompanied her every day whenever prince Kellan was being summoned to meet with the king. 
King Alan used them to keep her father and brother in check to manage the north and force them to pledge their loyalty to the king. 
"I miss my father. I want to go back," Arella sobbed painfully, as she sat on Kellan’s lap. She rested her head on the crook of his neck, while he held her close to him. 
"I know, I am sorry to make your life miserable. This is my fault. I shouldn’t have involved you in this." Kellan caressed her back, running his fingers down her spine. "I am sorry." 
Arella shook her head. She wiped her tears harshly. "No. Please, don’t say that. I am sorry for being a crybaby. Please don’t blame yourself." 
"I feel so bad for you," Kellan said in whispery tone, as if he was going to cry himself for putting her in misery. 
"No, please... don’t. I am sorry. I love you. I really do. I only miss them because I didn’t use to be away from them, but if I have to choose, I will go with you. I will choose to stay with you." 
Arella kissed his lips and Kellan hugged her tightly, but a moment later, very subtle, he ran his fingers on her thigh and started to caress her smooth inner thigh, up to her arse. Arella was still timid with this intimacy and this was what Kellan liked from her. 
"Undress for me?" Kellan whispered to her ear. 
"O- okay..." Arella didn’t feel like she wanted to have this interaction with him, because her emotions were all over the places and she was still very sad, but she couldn’t reject him. She didn’t want to make Kellan upset. 
Got up from Kellan’s lap, Arella started to undress herself, but Kellan frowned, the moment she was standing completely naked before him. 
"Didn’t I tell you to shave down there?" Kellan’s voice was trembling, he was holding back his anger. He didn’t like the sight of him that reminded him she was a grown up woman now. She would only get old and this pissed him off. 
"I am sorry... I..." Arella tried to make an excuse, but she couldn’t think of anything, she felt ashamed of herself, as she tried to cover her body again. The way Kellan stared at her made her felt dirty and unworthy. 
Arella had been feeling very depressed ever since she arrived a few weeks ago and didn’t take care of herself. It was not that she really neglected herself, but Kellan wanted to be really clean down there. 
"You kill the mood, Arella," Kellan said with disappointed look on his face. "I know I have made a lot of demands from you. This is not fair for you when I can’t even take care of myself without the help of someone else, I am sorry." 
Hearing that, Arella became panic, she immediately crouched down in front of Kellan and hugged his legs. "I am sorry, please, don’t be mad at me." 
"I don’t mad at you, Arella. How can I be mad to the love of my life?" Kellan shook his head. "I only wish you can be more mature. You used to be very mature for a girl in your age, but being away from your home make you a little bit out of your character. I used to adore your maturity." 
Kellan brushed his thumb against her cheek and lips, as she started crying. 
"You cry so much nowadays, I am sorry that I can’t make you happy." 
Arella shook her head. "You make me happy. You really do. You are my mate." 
"Yes, I am your mate. I wish you can be yourself again, Arella." Kellan kissed the top of her head, but the moment his mate didn’t see it, his eyes turned dark. 
Right at that moment, there was a knock on the door and one of the guard informed Kellan that he was being summoned by the king and he needed to leave immediately.
This was not the first time, Kellan was being summoned to the throne room, but what made him a little bit confused was, it would always be the head royal sorcerer, who he would always meet there, while Alan was nowhere to be seen. 
========================== 
Cane sniffed the air, among the putrid smell inside this building, he caught another scent and followed it, while Lou kept complaining like a well maintenance lady that he dirtied his cloak and how they shouldn’t be here in this nasty place. 
In this rate, Cane had mastered the ability to tune him out, he followed the scent, which led him to dining hall, where he saw a monster, Deadeyes, devoured a child. The poor little girl definitely had died with her limbs were being chewed by the monster. 
"Damn it!" Lou cursed under his breath upon witnessing the heartbreaking scene.
###Chapter 640: ORPHANAGE
Chapter 640: ORPHANAGE
If it was not himself, Lou couldn’t care less about other people, but he was not a sadist, therefore to witness such guts wrenching sight of the horrendous death of the little girl, he felt someone just punched his throat. 
He turned around and threw up, while Cane immediately shifted into his beast and attacked the monster. 
Vicious roar and sickening bones- cracking sound filled the entire hall. It sounded like a nightmare and ominous sign. 
On the other hand, the sight of the poor little girl must be very terrifying for someone like Lou to have this strong reaction. He needed a few moment to compose himself and face the death body of the little girl, while the black beast attacked the monster and cornered it. 
"Fuck! Fuck!" Lou cursed under his breath. He felt like he was going to vomit again, but instead, he helped the beast and locked the monster’s movement for a few second, which allowed the black beast to deliver a fatal attack. The beast’s claw buried very deep into the monster’s heart and he ripped it apart viciously. 
After that, he beheaded the monster before he shifted back into his human skin and approached the poor little girl, there was nothing much left of her... 
"Burn the monster," Cane said to Lou and out of instinct, the merchant did what he was told, forgetting completely how he swore to himself he wouldn’t listen to Cane’s order anymore. 
Lou was distraught when he watched how Cane took off his cloak and wrapped it around the little girl’s remaining body, as if he wanted to keep her warm and then carried her in his arms. 
"What are you going to do with... her?" Lou burned the dead body of the monster with his magic and then followed Cane. 
"Bury her." Cane remembered there was a river in the back yard of the orphanage, he was planning to bury her there. The scenery was nice as far as he remembered. 
Meanwhile, Lou followed behind him. The merchant didn’t look happy at all, but he stopped complaining and simply walked behind Cane, looking around, just in case there would be another monster. He was not going to be a snack for the monsters that roamed around this area. 
Lou couldn’t help, but thinking so hard what was going wrong with the magical device that he had installed in the Capital City. The monsters shouldn’t be here and they wouldn’t be able to enter, unless... there was someone did what he had done during the new year, or someone messed up with the magical device, and for the latter, he needed to go to the great wall to confirm that. 
"Dig the ground," Cane said to Lou, once they arrived, thankfully, this place didn’t change so much, aside from the fact it was very dark here, no one lit up the fire to illuminate this area. 
Like before, Lou did what Cane told him to do without even really thinking about it, probably because it didn’t cross his mind, since he had a lot to think of. 
Once he was done, Cane put the little girl inside and laid her on the cold ground. Her body was still wrapped tightly inside his cloak. Gently, he wiped blood from her cheeks before he covered her face with the hoodie and then climbed up. 
Lou then made the ground covered her body, which essentially buried her, let her to be hugged by the cold ground near the river. 
Cane remembered that little girl, though her face was hardly recognized. He remembered that was the little girl, he met when just had a meeting for the first time with Koda. She told him innocently about Lil Thing that came to the orphanage and want to feed it. 
The girl looked terrified at him, because of the scar on his face, but once she spoke, she was a good story teller and full with curiosity. 
In his memory, she looked lively and full of life, but now, she couldn’t even tell a story. 
"Where are you going again now?" Lou washed his hand and splashed water from the river on his face when he saw Cane was about to leave again. 
"Look for the other children." 
Cane’s original plan to come here was to look for the fruit that Iris wanted, but also because he wanted with his own eyes and made a judgement about what had transpired in the capital city, so he could get a better picture of what Alan was up to. 
As it turned out, it was even more horrible than he imagined. 
There was no life in this city and every inch of this place filled with tension and fear. You would find it very suffocating to breath the air in this capital city. 
Alan really wanted to ruin his own kingdom. 
Cane might be crazy, but he wished Aeon was still alive, at the very least, he wouldn’t let his own kingdom to fall into this disaster. He was easier to handle, after all, facing an idiot like Alan, who was driven by impulse and became a puppet of people behind him, was way more unpredictable. 
"Why do you care about those children?" Lou caught up with Cane, he walked beside him. He really didn’t want to go into that building again, who could guarantee he wouldn’t meet with such thing again? 
He had a weak stomach and a tender heart, okay? More so, he was sleep deprived. This was the worst night ever in his entire thirty one years of life. 
"Let them be, what can you do for them? Let’s get out of here! We still have a lot of things to deal with and I need to catch up with my sleep!" 
Yes, why Cane cared for them when he clearly had told Iris that he was not going to do anything to help with the children in the orphanage, because he couldn’t see how it would help with his plan. If anything, it would complicate what he had planned. 
But, here he was. When the decided to come to the capital city and take a look of the situation here, the first place that came to his mind was this orphanage. 
Golden Seed fruit was a common fruit in the Capital and he had seen it a few times when they served meal in the dining hall, therefore he thought he could find the fruit here, but as it turned out, this place was as good as a haunted house. 
"Let’s get out of here, I don’t think there will be any children alive there." Lou was being noisy, demanding for them to leave when he actually could leave Cane here alone, but he didn’t do it. 
What Lou said actually made sense, seeing this place, it was a miracle there was still children alive, but probably because Cane was going to have a baby on his own, this fact softened him, he couldn’t put his conscience at peace before he tried to look for them. 
He couldn’t appear as callous and heartless as he wanted to and this could be a warning sign that he cared too much, by any mean, that was not a good sign, since he couldn’t let his feeling interfere with the decision and plan, he created. 
Yet, instead of leaving the orphanage like how Lou kept nagging at him, Cane entered the main building once again. He tried to look for any sign of the children, but after two hours of checking every every nook and cranny, he couldn’t find anyone or any sign of them. 
The moment he got out of the main building to the second one, the black rain started pouring down again and Lou almost strangled Cane because he wouldn’t listen to him at all when he started to search on the second building. 
===================== 
"Abby, you need to sleep," Liam said when he felt the movement from her on the bed and it woke him up. 
"I am sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you up," Abby said apologetically, she had tried to not make any sound, but for some reason, she still ended up woke him up. 
Liam was sitting on the sofa, he needed to guard her inside the bedroom too because the situation was dire. The black rain was a bad sign. 
Abby knew this was the sign of Decratic and she had written a letter to ask for more reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom and now she hoped they were here before things could escalate further. 
Black rain, famine, natural disaster and then followed by diseases and illnesses. This was the circle, which was the sign of the revival of the dark soul. 
"Abby..." Liam approached Abby and draped her cloak over her shoulders, as he hugged her from behind. The Serafim melted in the arms of the man she shouldn’t have any relationship with. Liam was her protector and she needed to see him just like that. 
If someone knew about what kind of relationship they had, it would be frowned upon. Not to mention as the weakest Serafim in the story, Abby didn’t have so much power to even protect herself from her own people. It was a complicated thing. 
"Once the reinforcement is here, we need to march to the Capital City. If what Koda said was right, the current king will have some kind of involvement with the Worshipper. Lady Cyan, his mother, could be the member of the Worshipper," Abby said in small voice, she closed her eyes, savoring the warm from Liam, who was hugging her from behind. 
Just like what they had already known, the Worshippers were the people who devoted their life to bring back Decratic to this realm. If they could find one of them here, it meant, Decratic would be revived in this continent. 
"Yes. We are going to kill him again." Liam was determined in this. All of them in the Holy Kingdom had learned the resurrection of the Decratic and in Liam’s mind, it would be as easy as killing an enemy, but the truth would be more complicated than he ever imagined. "You will be fine." 
Abby didn’t answer that, because she had this bad feeling about the whole situation, as if the whole world would crumble and this desperation that she felt must have something to do with the black rain. 
======================== 
"Open the door," Cane said calmly in front of a door that had been barred tightly, leaving only a small hole underneath it. 
From inside, Cane could hear shuffling and whispering sound. There they were. The children, who survived the attacked from the monsters. 
"Wh- who are you?" There was this small and childish voice from behind the closed door. The little girl must be trembling, fear was very thick in her voice. 
"Joyce, is that you?" Cane didn’t remember the girl named Joyce, but she was the only name he knew, since she was the only child, who sent letter to Iris. 
"Wh- who are you? I- I am Joyce." 
"Come out, Joyce. I am Cane." 
There was another shuffling and gasping, this time Cane and Lou could hear the girl’s soft footsteps approached the door, but instead of opening it, she crawled from the small hole underneath the door and appeared on the other side. 
"Damn! She must be very small to fit in such hole." Lou was surprised to see the fact the girl could come out from that hole. He thought that hole was for rat. 
"Al- alpha Cane?" Joyce blinked her eyes when he saw the alpha before her. She knew luna Iris’s mate was alpha Cane. 
"Yes, it’s me." 
The little girl immediately broke down crying, she hugged Cane’s legs and cried her heart out, while rambling something incoherently. It was hard to say what she was talking about. 
Out of instinct, Cane bent down his body and carried her in his arms to calm her down.
###Chapter 641: A SURPRISE
Chapter 641: A SURPRISE
Joyce probably nine years old right now, but her body as light as a five or six years old child, she was malnourished and was very skinny, so did the other four children that survived. 
Aside from Joyce, there was a year old baby, two little girl around the age of two and seven and also a young boy in the age of five. They were in poor condition. 
Cane gave his waterskin to them, in which they gulped it down and finished it. 
"I am sorry, it’s finish..." the boy said sheepishly, but Cane simply ruffled his hair, while Lou stood behind the alpha and watched those pitiful and dirty children. He had clamped his mouth and said nothing, but he stayed away from them too, as if he was afraid they would dirty his cloak, yet a complicated feeling fleeted in his eyes. 
"I knew it! I told you, right?! I have told you that luna Iris will come to save us!" Joyce said brightly to the other children, she showed her undying fate for the luna, but Cane felt this sharp pang. 
No. When he came here, he didn’t have any intention to save them. He also had broken Iris’s heart by telling her saving the children in the orphanage was not his main priority, because there were a lot of things that happened at the same time and he couldn’t spare his time and risk the other plan to come here and save them. 
This was not a plan that he had planned. But, in a way, indeed, it was Iris who had saved them. If she was not craving for that Golden Seed fruit, Cane wouldn’t have come here in the first place. 
"I can’t send the letter to the luna again, because the hawk didn’t return the last time I sent a letter. I think the hawk was caught by the monster or the mean royal guards." 
Cane cradled the baby in his arms, he stared at the poor baby for a while and immediately knew they really need to hurry back, because the baby didn’t look in good condition, his lips had turned purple. 
"I only feed the baby with water and any food that I can find... but, the baby doesn’t like it," Joyce said sadly. She had tried her best to take care of the other children, since she was the oldest among them, but even so, she was still nine years old and this situation was too much on her weak and small shoulders to carry. 
"You have done a great job to look after them." Cane ruffled her hair and Joyce beamed, but then her eyes turned even sadder. 
"Yesterday, I lost my friend when we were out to find something to eat. Monsters caught her..." Joyce cried again. "If she managed to escape the monster, she will survive too. She will be very happy to see you, alpha Cane. She always said that you are not as scary as you look and I agreed with her." 
Cane had met with the little girl, but not in a way he wanted to. 
Joyce then told him about everything that had transpired in the capital city and with the monster attacks. The first attack to the orphanage, the monsters managed to break the spell that was put around the building by a kindhearted sorcerer, apparently, the spell was not strong enough and there were so many monsters. 
The first attack killed so many of them, especially children because they didn’t know how to hide themselves well. 
After that, there were fifteen of them, but every day there would be someone, who died when they were out to look for food and the five of them were the last one. 
"I thought, we are going to die too, but I believe luna Iris will not abandon us!" Joyce seemed to adore the luna very much. 
"She will not," Cane said. It was him, who abandoned them. 
They walked out of the building and reached the front yard, where they encountered with Deadeyes again. All the children were freaking out and hiding behind Cane’s back, seeking for protection. 
Yet, before Cane could hand over the baby in his arms and shifted into his beast, it was Lou, who stepped forward and dealt with the monster. 
It didn’t take long before he killed the monster and its body dropped dead with its head detached from its body, the sight was gruesome, but the children didn’t look as shocked as they thought, it seemed, they had seen worse than this. The fact was unsettling. 
"You are a sorcerer..." The young boy stated and Lou approached him, he squatted down in front of him, so they would be on the same eyes level. 
"Yes, but this is a secret. No one should tell about it, okay? No one should know." Lou’s expression then turned serios. "Or else, I will send you back to this place." 
All of them nodded vigorously. They were afraid of his unnecessary threat, but the two years old girl came forward and tiptoed to give him a kiss on the cheek. 
"I will not tell anyone," she said in her crisp voice. 
Getting a sweet kiss from the girl, left Lou dumbstruck and speechless. He didn’t like children, okay?! They were annoying and noisy! 
Lou cleared his throat and stood up. He then asked more magic stone from Cane. "Give me all of your magic stone," he demanded. "Hey! I have helped you this far, at least, pay me decently," he growled at Cane when he furrowed his brows. 
But in the end, Cane gave him all the magic stone with him and the merchant created a portal for them to leave. 
"It’s okay. It will take us to a safe place," Cane reassured the children when they looked afraid to step inside. 
But, when Joyce took the lead to enter the portal first, the other children followed her step. 
"You stay?" Cane asked when Lou didn’t budge from his position. 
"There is something I want to investigate." He was still pissed when he learned the magical device didn’t work. He needed to know what was wrong with his baby. Yes. His creation was his baby! He wouldn’t be nice if someone was messing up with his baby! 
Cane nodded and didn’t ask further, as he left the sorcerer there and entered the portal with the children. 
========================== 
Kellan entered the throne room, where he met with Dexter, the head of the royal sorcerer, just like he had expected. 
They always told him the king summoned him to come to the throne room, but for the third time, it would be Dexter, who was here. He didn’t know what he wanted from him, as they spent most of the time in silence. The head sorcerer would ask a few questions and then didn’t say anything again, before he sent him away. 
Those questions were only trivial questions, but this time, it was different. 
Dexter actually approached Kellan and put his hand on his shoulder, as his eyes fixed on him. Kellan was crippled and he was helpless, but he didn’t fear death as much as Alan. He had his own pride for not begging for his life, because it was very humiliating. 
Yes, he was cunning enough to find a way to survive, but he wouldn’t resolve to begging anyone. 
"Do you want to be able to walk again?" 
Silence fell heavily inside the throne room when Dexter asked the question. It came out of the blue and Kellan was not sure he heard him right. 
"Pardon me?" 
"Do you want to be able to walk again?" Dexter repeated the question. His tone was calm and he looked unperturbed, as if he was asking about the weather. 
"What do you mean with that?" Kellan narrowed his eyes. He felt like it was a trap, but the thought of being able to walk again incite something inside him, though the possibility was close to none. 
"You heard me." Dexter put away his hand and stood straightly before the only prince that survive the massacre. 
Dexter himself was still curios why Decratic spared his life and now this. 
"How?" Kellan was on alert, he narrowed his eyes. There was no healer that could heal him, neither his healing ability could do that, but now this sorcerer could help him? 
In that case, there was only one possibility. 
"Is it... dark magic?" Kellan knew he had guessed it right. He didn’t look as surprised when he scoffed disdainfully. "I should have expected that you are practicing dark magic. How na?ve I am." 
They had met a few times and Kellan would have this weird vibe from him, not to mention with the rumor around about how lady Cyan was actually a dark witch, she used dark magic, of course, the person she had chosen would practice the same thing. 
Dexter straightened his back and turned around. "I want you to meet with someone." 
Kellan frowned even harder when he heard that. Who else, he wanted him to meet? Their conversations were all over the places at this point. 
And without waiting Kellan’s answer, a young boy, around the age of thirteen to fourteen appeared inside this throne room. His body was lean, exuding his youthfulness. 
For a moment, Kellan was confused, why there was a young man here, but then upon closer look, he was gobsmack. 
"Alan?" 
No. He was not Alan. He was very young, almost like Kellan was watching Alan in his youthful time, though this young man was not him, but the similarity between him and Alan was eerily the same. 
He walked casually across the room to approach Kellan on his wheelchair, while a smile tugged on the corner of his lips. He looked harmless, but Kellan knew better not to put his guard low. 
"Hello, Kellan." 
Even their voice sounded the same. 
What the hell was going on here?! 
========================= 
Iris was woken up when she felt someone kissed her shoulders, neck and her cheeks. She didn’t need to open her eyes to know it was Cane. She stretched out her arms and pulled him closer to her. 
"How do you feel?" Cane asked when his mate pulled him for a kiss. She nibbled on his lips sleepily, which made her looked very adorable. 
"I feel better now," Iris said, she opened her eyes and saw her favorite person. He seemed to have just taken a shower and water was still dripping from his hair. He smelled so nice, but more so, his presence brought peace in her heart. She felt the butterfly in her stomach fluttered its wings when Cane kissed her back. 
"I can’t find the Dragon Seed fruit," Cane said and Iris immediately pushed away his face lightly to stare at him in confusion. "You told Aliana that you want to eat that fruit last night." 
"Really?" Iris didn’t even remember that. 
"You forgot?" 
Iris tried to think about it for a moment. "I remembered I talk something before I fell asleep, but I don’t remember what I was talking about." Iris cupped his face with both of her palms and stared at him with a grin. "Were you looking for the fruit because Aliana snitched on you?" 
"Not really." 
"Liar." 
Cane sighed helplessly when he heard that. "Good then if you don’t really want the fruit, because I can’t find it, but I think I found something that will interest you more." 
"What is it?" 
"Get up and eat your breakfast first before I show you." 
"Is it a surprised for me?" Iris was elated, whatever surprised that Cane would give to her, it would be the first time he actually had this gesture. 
"Hm." 
Iris excitedly pushed Cane away. "Where is my food?" she forgot they were in the middle of a tensed situation, because the moment they were together, she felt there was nothing else matter. "I am famished."
###Chapter 642: A HEARTWARMING SIGHT
Chapter 642: A HEARTWARMING SIGHT
Cane watched how her mate nibbled on her food. Her cheeks puffed up when she stuffed the meat and potatoes into her mouth, she was not lying when she said she was famished. 
This was great to see her eating so well, especially when she had light morning sickness. From what Grace informed him, Iris didn’t have any significant trouble during her early pregnancy, aside from mood swing and became a little bit more sensitive. 
"Eat slowly, no one is going to take your food." Cane tucked strands of her hair behind her ear, while staring at her. This would be his new favorite thing to do and if he could, he wouldn’t get bored for doing this the entire day, unfortunately, he really needed to go back to the battlefield because the time that Dageus gave them was almost up. Alpha Nolan would also look for him if he and Lou were not there. 
Cane was not sure what Lou was doing or whether he had returned or not from the Capital City. 
"You need to eat too." Iris stretched out her hand and gave a piece of meat for Cane to eat, in which he obliged. 
The next few minutes they spent in peaceful silence, as if there was nothing that could bother them at all and the messy situation out there could wait. 
"Do you want anything else?" Cane asked, once Iris devoured her second plate. 
"No, I am full." Iris leaned her back against the backrest of the chair and patted her stomach lightly. "I never thought, I can eat so much." 
"You eat for two people, that’s understandable." Cane caressed her cheek, but Iris pouted her lips.
"Am I getting fat?" she asked, while staring at her flat stomach. She was curious about why she had not yet had bump, but Grace told her she was only around two months in, she would get it on her fourth, maybe three if you observed more. "My dress felt so tight." 
"We will ask seamstress to make new one." 
Iris lifted her head and narrowed her eyes at Cane. "So, you agree that I am getting fat?" 
Cane was speechless for a moment. Iris had never very insecure with her body’s weight, but maybe because Lou and Redmond’s comment where they said she got chubbier it made her slightly self conscious about herself. 
"You are not fat, Iris. You are pregnant. You are carrying a baby inside of you, a new life." 
Cane leaned over and kissed her lips, until she forgot what she was going to say. He caressed her neck and nibbled on her chin, so she would know how much his desire for her and there was nothing to be worried about. 
Iris mewled and melted with the passionate kiss and felt embarrassed when Cane stopped it and moved away from her, because she thought, they were going to do something more... she felt very lewd to think about it when they were in this situation. 
"Later," Cane whispered to her ear, as if he knew what was in her mind and this made her blushed profusely, until the tip of her ears turned very red and she looked very adorable whenever she was like this in Cane’s eyes. "I want you too." Yet, he would be very late, if he gave in to his desire for her. A real war could happen out there and his plan that he started to build from scratch would be ruined again. 
"O- okay... oh, no. I didn’t think about that!" Iris bit her tongue when she replied to him and reprimand herself internally. What kind of answer was that? Did she just admit it? Ugh! 
Cane chuckled. "Why so timid when you used to jump on me in the middle of the night?" 
"Cane!" Iris was mortified. She knew there was days when she had a high sex driven and she couldn’t control herself. Thankfully, Cane was very understanding when his sleeping time was disturbed, even though he didn’t have a lot of time to sleep and rest. But, he didn’t need to mention about it, okay? 
Cane kissed the back of her hand and her stomach, before he stood up and took her hand. "Come, I am going to show you something." 
Iris flustered when Cane kissed her stomach. She liked it. She felt her tummy became very warm to think he kissed their unborn child. She was excited to see their baby, whether their baby would look more like her or Cane. 
"What is it? This is the surprise for me because you couldn’t get me the Golden Seed fruit?" Iris’s steps were so light, while Cane significantly slowed down his steps to accommodate her. 
"Hm." Cane put his arm protectively around her waist, while some of the warriors looked at him with a frown, since the alpha should be two hours away from the pack house, but here he was in the early morning. 
"Something delicious?" Her appetite was so good, so the first thing that came to her mind was food. 
Cane chuckled when he heard that. Her scent became even more intoxicating for him and he wanted to bury his face on the crook of her neck. "I don’t think you want to eat them." 
"Them?" Iris tilted her head in confusion. 
It should be morning and the sun should be risen by now, but all they could see was a gloomy sky and dark clouds, which seemed to pour another round of black rain again. This strange weather was very depressing, thus to see Iris in good spirit really helped them to keep their mood in check. 
Cane took Iris to Grace’s room, where Iris heard voiced from inside, there were children and baby there. 
"I couldn’t bring you the fruit, but I brought them here." Cane opened the door and showed her the surprised he had for her and Iris gasped in disbelieve when she saw the four children and a baby inside, she recognized the children immediately especially her. 
"Luna Iris!" Joyce jumped from the chair she was sitting and rushed toward Iris with opened arms, she was ready to hug her favorite luna, but Cane stepped in, so she would slow down and not to knock his mate over. 
"Slowly, she is not feeling well, you might hurt her," Cane warned the little girl. 
"Oh, I am sorry, alpha," Joyce said sheepishly, but Iris stepped aside from behind his back and then hugged her tightly. 
"Heaven! You are here!" Iris’s voice was trembling because she was holding back her tears, which she couldn’t do it for long and they streamed down her cheeks when she hugged Joyce. 
The other three children came to her and hug her too, seeing Joyce and Iris cried, they cried as well. 
Outside of the room, through the open door, the seven Iris’s personal guard witnessed such heartwarming scene and how gentle their luna was and how she was very natural with children. 
Now, they realized how thankful they were that Sofia didn’t carry the alpha’s first child, instead it was her. They could only imagine what kind of trouble that woman would bring if the baby was really the alpha’s.
###Chapter 643: IRIS WAS IN AWE WITH HER MATE
Chapter 643: IRIS WAS IN AWE WITH HER MATE
"Cane, thank you.... thank you for bringing them back..." Iris hugged Cane very tightly. "This is even greater than any fruit." Iris would choose this surprised anytime over a mere fruit. "Thank you so much for taking them to the safety." 
Cane realized, he tended to find a way to fulfill her wishes, even though he told her that he wouldn’t do it. But, here he was, feeling relief to see how happy his mate was. 
This was not the first time he did it. He postponed their journey to the Diandem pack for her as well before and now this. 
He knew this was not right and he needed to stop himself, because this kind of habit could bite him back in the ass at some point, yet what upset him the most was; he didn’t feel guilty at all for breaking his own words. 
"Thank you, Cane... thank you." 
"I need to thank you too, Iris." He kissed the top of her head. 
============================== 
Kellan felt this bad feeling when Dexter pushed his wheelchair toward Alan’s bedroom. There were a lot of questions in his mind and he didn’t know whether he could find the answer of it or not. His heart was thumping wildly in his chest. 
But, he kept his composure and tried to calm himself down. 
"The king is inside?" Kellan asked. He didn’t want to be rude with Alan when he was well aware that his life was in his hand. 
But, Dexter didn’t say anything and opened the door, before he pushed him inside. 
Once he was inside, Kellan knew he wouldn’t be able to escape whatever things he would face there, but then the moment Celestial Moon pack fell from it grace and alpha Derick pledged his loyalty to Alan, there was no safe place for him. He was as good as dead. 
Dexter pushed his wheelchair into the middle of the king’s bedroom. This was the same room that his father had occupied when he was still alive. 
With his back was facing him, there was this teenage boy around the age of fifteen to seventeen. He was lean and tall, but sure enough this was not Alan. 
"My lord, he is here." Dexter’s voice became very polite when he greeted this teenager. 
"You can leave, Dexter." He waved his hand to dismiss Dexter and he obliged, leaving Kellan alone with this mysterious young man. "Prince Kellan, isn’t it?" He finally turned around and looked at Kellan carefully with a smirk on the corner of his lips. 
Kellan was shocked to see his face. There was no way it was real... 
Alan and he didn’t really close growing up, but of course, he had seen and recognized Alan when he was teenager and this young man was the duplicate of him when Alan was around his age. 
It was impossible! 
"Who are you?" Kellan’s brows creased, he met with his red eyes when he approached him. 
"Am I startling you?" He stopped right in front of Kellan and stretched out his hand. "My name is Decratic." 
Kellan tried to avoid his hand, but his body was very stiff, as if he was rooted in his place without being able to move a muscle. 
"Relax..." Decratic said in his hoarse and eerie voice, as he touched Kellan’s forehead. 
Right at that moment, Kellan’s memories were exploded in his mind like a firework, a lot of memories came to the surface, very face, as if you were riding a horse and watched how the scenery passed you in such high speed. 
He remembered everything, even the thing that he had forgotten, but most importantly when he was with little Iris. 
The memories of her was repeated several times, as if this young man named Decratic wanted to see it over and over again, this was his favorite. 
It started with that little auburn girl hid from him and was very shy to even talk to him, to where she felt comfortable, where she would give him a hug innocently, little Iris loved to be hugged and gave hug to anyone she liked and at that time, she liked Kellan a lot, since he wanted to play with her. 
But then, her smiling face would appear seldomly, most of the time, her blue eyes filled with fear and tears, to the point where little Iris would scratch her palms when Kellan visited her bedroom, leaving the two of them alone. 
’I don’t want to play. I don’t want to play again. I want to stop please...’ 
Her tiny’s voice echoed in Decratic and Kellan’s mind, as the two of them had the same images in their head. 
And the image ended with Kellan stared at little Iris, who was kneeling down in front of him, while he stared from above, guiding her head against his, as her little mouth wrapped around the part of his body. 
"Wh- what was that..." Kellan gasped when the image gradually disappeared and the room came to his sight once again. His body was slightly trembling, couldn’t comprehend what jus transpired, but even more because the image felt so real and it worked him up. 
"You were playing with her, huh?" Decratic chuckled, he crossed his arms in front of his chest. "Did you like the game?" 
This was the reason why he wanted this man. His mind was very interesting. Compared to Alan, he liked the way Kellan’s mind worked. For him, Alan was too brutal and barbaric, there was no sense of pleasure there, only pure cruelty. Cutting people up and beat them to death were boring. 
"Who... who are you? What have you done?" Kellan’s breathing raggedly. He feared this young man named Decratic that looked exactly like Alan, but he knew he was not, but then his eyes widened in fear when the realization hit him. "W- was that dark magic?" 
Decratic bent his body slightly, so he would be on the same eyes level with this crippled prince, he put his finger in front of his lips and whispered. "Sst, don’t tell anyone." He mimicked what Kellan told Iris and this made him went pale. 
"Did you read my mind? You read my memories..." 
Decratic winked at him and then stretched out his hand, he ran his fingers along his jawline. "I still offer the same thing to you. Do you want to be able to walk again?" He asked with excitement in his eyes. "Try to move your legs." 
Kellan was not sure what he meant, but he tried and to his surprised, he could move them. "No way..." he muttered under his breath. "No way... I can feel my legs." 
Being very enthusiastic, Kellan got off the wheelchair and tried to stand in his own feet. 
"No way... this is crazy!" He tried to take a step and another and another... it had been a decade since he was able to walk and the feeling was incredulous. 
"I can make you able to walk again, Kellan. As long as you follow what I said." Decratic watched the excitement in Kellan’s eyes with amusement, but then he flicked his finger. "Or I can take the ability back." 
With that, Kellan fell to the ground. 
========================= 
"Hold her like this," Cane said, as he showed Iris how to hold the baby that he saved from the orphanage. 
Cane told her about how he could get to the Capital City, but he skipped a lot of horrendous things that he witnessed there. He simply said the other children didn’t make it and only the five of them that was left. 
Even with small detail like that, Iris started to cry and it took her a while to compose her emotions. After all, those children were close to her during their stay in the Capital City. She was the one, who taught each of them how to read and write. 
Therefore, the news about their death devastated her beyond words. 
"Iris, are you with me?" Cane asked, because his mate kept staring at him when he explained how to hold the baby comfortably. 
"Oh, yes..." Iris was a little bit startled when she was caught staring at him, but didn’t listen properly to what he explained. She then added sheepishly. "Can you repeat one more time, please?" 
This was not the first time for Iris to watch Cane held a baby. He even knew how to feed them and take care of them, but still, she was amazed and mesmerized by how good he was with the little ones. 
Amee had told her that during their slavery days, Cane used to help with the babies, because most of the babies were conceived as the result of rape, so most of the mother didn’t want them. They neglected them, since those babies were the reminder of their traumatizing moment. 
Therefore, Cane stepped in and took care of them whenever he could. He learned a lot from that, on top of he knew tidbits about baby because he prepared himself to be a father when Leane was pregnant. 
The fact that Cane went that far was not common in their world, where men got everything they needed without dirtying their hand and they were praised for being able to impregnate their women. 
"Relax your arms," Cane said when he was about to place the baby in Iris’s arms. The baby was currently sleeping and the other children were shown to their room, though it was temporary, since they were still not sure what the result of today meeting with the boarder warriors. This pack could turn into a battlefield at any given moment. 
"What if I dropped the baby?" Iris asked stiffly when she felt this bundle of warm stretched her body and pursed her lips, as if she was going to wake up. 
"You will not, Iris..." Cane smiled gently at her, he could see how nervous she was. "Yes, like that. You do a good job." 
Cane was exceptionally very patience with her, like he always did when it came to his mate, which made the other warrior nearby exchanged a few glances with each other. If it was them, they bet the alpha would have ignored them if they didn’t listen to his rare explanation carefully, let alone to repeat what he said. 
But his mate would always be an exception. 
"Oh, the baby wakes up..." Iris said in low, panic voice, when the little one scrunched her brows and was about to cry, but Cane simply ran his fingers from her head down to his nose gently, he did it over and over again, until the baby felt comfortable and fell asleep. "How did you do that?" 
Cane chuckled when he saw his mate was staring at him in awe, as if he just did some kind of magic. 
"A lot of practice," Cane replied and then stood up. "I need to go now. Be good, okay?" he leaned over and kissed her forehead. "Rest well." 
Iris glanced outside through the window, where the black rain poured once again from the dark sky and the thunderous sound of thunder could be heard from the distance. Iris hated this sound more than she hated the sound of waterfall. It gave her bad feeling. 
She didn’t want Cane to go, she didn’t even want him to touch that black rain, but she knew no matter what she said and did, Cane would still go to the battlefield. 
"Can you ask Lou to take you here again when you have free time?" Iris knew it sounded very childish, but she couldn’t help it. 
Yet, Cane was very understanding with her anxiety and soothe it the best he could. "I will try." 
And with that, Cane shifted into his beast form and went through the black rain, which made his figure disappeared from Iris’s sight quickly. 
He was just here a moment ago, but the second he was gone, Iris missed him so badly. She stared at the baby in her arms...
###Chapter 644: WOULDN’T BE OUR LOSS
Chapter 644: WOULDN’T BE OUR LOSS
The thrill of being able to walk again after so many years, still left Kellan speechless. He was trying to think what had actually happened a minute ago when he stood on his own feet. 
He could feel his feet, but right now. He couldn’t feel anything anymore. Both of his feet became numb again. He couldn’t stand and right now he was sitting on the floor, reeling with the excitement of the possibility for him to be able to walk again. 
His eyes darted from his legs and then to Decratic, the young man, who looked like Alan when he was on the same age as his. 
Decratic approached Kellan and knelt down, so he would be on the same eyes level like him. "Can you see that? Can you feel that? You can walk again. You can do whatever you want without that stupid wheelchair. Don’t you think that wheelchair is a chain that has shackled you for years? Imagine you can go out and run on your own feet... imagine that." 
Kellan gulped down nervously. 
Decratic was an old soul. He was an ancient creature, he was already here ever since this realm was created. He was already here, even before the light illuminated the whole world. He was the darkness and everything that had been created right now came from nothingness. 
He was as old as time itself. 
"What do you want from me in return?" Kellan tried to see reason and snap himself out of it, because he knew for sure there was nothing free in this world. Such huge favor wouldn’t be given like a charity. 
But then, Kellan couldn’t think of anything, since there was nothing for him to offer to this mysterious man. 
What was going on right now? Where did this man come from and why he was in Alan’s bedroom? More so, Dexter looked very respectful toward him. 
The answer was very simple. "I want you." 
Kellan frowned. "What do you mean you want me?" There were a lot of nasty thoughts that came into his mind, but he dismissed all of those irrelevant possibilities. 
There was no way this man was into something like that. 
On the other hand, as if he could read his mind, even though Decratic was completely able to do so, he was laughing at him. "I will not ask much. I only want your soul. Give me your soul and I will give your ability to walk again..." 
Kellan frowned even harder. He had never heard that kind of term. "What do you mean by giving you my soul?" 
Decratic smiled at him harmlessly. He crept closer to him and touch his knees. "I want you to give up your soul, your beast, surrender yourself to me. As long as you obeyed my order, I will give you whatever you want." 
Kellan’s eyes flashed with greediness, his heart soared when he could move his legs again. He could feel his legs again and this feeling resolved his decision pretty quickly. There was no way he would give up the opportunity to get rid of that stupid wheelchair. 
"I will give you my soul and everything that you want," Kellan said enthusiastically. For the first time in a decade, he felt full of vigor. He could do whatever he wanted. He could walk again! The hell with his beast, soul or anything else! He would give up on those things in a heartbeat if he could walk again. 
"Great..." Decratic grinned. He then placed both of his palms on the side of Kellan’s head. 
At first, Kellan was confused what he was going to do, but then he felt it! The excruciating pain that made him thinking his head was going to explode. 
He screamed on the top of his lungs and his voice echoed throughout the walls, corridors, inside the king palace. It lasted for more than ten second before everything went quiet once again. 
Meanwhile, in different part of the palace, inside the Wizard Tower, in a secret chamber, a certain woman with eyes as red as blood stared at the small window from her room. 
"Lady Aria," Letto called her carefully. He approached her, squeezing his own hands nervously. "Lady Cyan wanted to see you. She wanted to discuss something with you..." 
Aria growled and hurled a cup against the wall, which shattered into hundred pieces and startled Letto. He jumped back, so he wouldn’t hurt himself. 
The boy looked very scared at Aria nowadays. She had been in extremely bad mood, especially when master was away. 
"What that blind woman wanted to do with me?!" Aria roared. Her anger was hard to be described. She wanted to die! But, she couldn’t even do it when that sick dark sorcerer would bring her back to live again! 
She hated it so much, even she couldn’t have a free will to die! 
"I don’t know, my lady..." Letto replied, trembling. He gulped down so hard to calm himself. "I have told her that you are not well, but she said, she needed you urgently." 
Actually, the exact words that Cyan said was; ’there is no way a dead people can feel unwell!’, but of course, Letto was not so dense to relay it to Aria. 
Both women were so hard to please and Letto found himself was between a rock and a hard place. Aria and Cyan had their own nastiness and to make things worse, they were very obstinate. There was no talking to either of them. 
Yet, Cyan was the strategizes, while Aria had a lot of information that she needed. 
"Lady Aria..." Letto reminded her that she needed to give a visit to Cyan, because she stayed silence for a long time, trying to adjust her emotions. "Should we go now?" 
Letto took two steps back when Aria threw him a vicious look, as if she was going to suck his blood dry, but then she stormed out of the room, knocked him to the side when she walked past him. 
=============================== 
"Where is that merchant?" Alpha Nolan looked around, but he couldn’t find Lou. His man told him that Lou was seen to enter Cane’s tent, but then they didn’t see them coming out, yet Cane came from the direction of the pack house, while Lou was missing. "He is not run away, right?" 
They were only an hour away from their meeting with the border warrior, but now the person that they demanded was not here. 
Currently, alpha Nolan and Cane were talking inside the former’s tent. 
"You don’t need to worry about him," Cane said, he sat down on the chair and then nodded to the other alpha to sit down as well. He was aware how much this gesture irritated him, but then he wouldn’t do it, if it did not. 
Alpha Nolan chose to stand. He didn’t want to feed Cane’s ego by following what he told him to do, yet Cane couldn’t care less whether he was sitting down or standing up. 
"So, you have decided to hand him over to them?" 
"No." Cane shook his head. 
Alpha Nolan narrowed his eyes. He couldn’t comprehend what he meant with that. "What do you mean with a ’no’? We have an easy way out, but you want to make things difficult." He threw his arms up. "I don’t even need to get involved in this matter, if all they wanted is that merchant." 
"Whether you want to get involved or not, you are already part of it, since you have joined hand with Red Claw pack to oppose the royal." Cane tilted his head, staring at alpha Nolan, he was observing him swiftly. "It’s so brave of you to fight against the royal." 
"I don’t like the royal." Alpha Nolan rolled his eyes. "They are a bunch of hypocrites." He then added with a derisive smile. "Of course, you are not included, that’s why your mother, Crystal, stayed away from her former family and secluded herself in the Howling Wolf pack. Even so, she still couldn’t get away from her fate. It’s a pity." 
Alpha Nolan watched Cane’s expression, waiting for his reaction after what he said, but there was nothing much, Cane was callous, he looked heartless when he didn’t show any emotions when alpha Nolan talked about his mother. 
Instead, he agreed with him. 
"Indeed. It’s a pity." 
Alpha Nolan didn’t like this calmness. This young alpha looked like there was nothing could ruffle his fur. 
"What are you going to do? You know what will happen if you reject to hand over the merchant, right?" 
"I know." 
Alpha Nolan narrowed his eyes. He couldn’t read what kind of game Cane was playing. "Are you going to declare war against king Alan?" 
Cane chuckled when he heard that. "You don’t even address me with my title properly, but you address your enemy politely." He didn’t sound upset with that fact, but instead it sounded like a joke in his ears. "You went to a battle with Koda and alpha Colter against the royal, knowing very well the aimed was to seize the throne, but you didn’t expect a full war?" 
Alpha Nolan startled, but he was quick to regain his composure. This was not the first time for him to be in this kind of situation, after all, he had lived long enough to counter this tricky situation. 
"Just like you know, we suffered a great loss after the first battle. I think it’s not much to ask for a little bit more time and giving up the merchant will give us plenty. After all, Lou couldn’t help with anything with the war. Giving him up, it’s not a loss."
###Chapter 645: BETRAYAL AFTER BETRAYAL
Chapter 645: BETRAYAL AFTER BETRAYAL
"Think about the famine, the upcoming winter and the great loss that my pack and the Red Claw pack had to suffer because of the last battle. Giving up the merchant will buy us some time to build our strength again." 
From outsider’s perspective, who didn’t know much about the complicated power struggle and the schemes, they would think alpha Nolan as a noble person, wise and kind to think about all of those above, but the truth was as crappy as shit. 
Cane knew it wouldn’t be easy to get any clue of how alpha Nolan had double crossed them all if he didn’t have this incline feeling and the report from his spy in the north. 
Alpha Nolan knew what kind of role he was playing and what game he was in, and he did it extremely well. It was hard to find a crack in his pretentiousness by only observing his action. 
"I heard the Serafim asked for reinforcement and the Holy Kingdom has sent twenty thousand of paladin and their ships will be docked in the harbor of your pack." Cane crossed his arms in front of his chest, as he leaned back comfortably. For a long chat like this, it was way more convenient when you sat down. "You have never mentioned anything about it." 
"I thought, Koda must have mentioned it to you, so I didn’t think the need to share the information that you have already known." That was how easy alpha Nolan lied, to the point, he even believed his own lies. 
"It will be nice and necessary if you did next time," Cane replied firmly. He looked relax, but one wouldn’t be able to ignore his strong presence. When he sat there lazily, he looked like a royalty he was. "We can’t afford to have a bad miscommunication at time like this." 
"Understood," alpha Nolan said. He hated himself for not being able to get a hold of this alpha before him. In his mind, Cane was that silly young man, who used to fall head over heels for his daughter. Someone insignificant. 
But, apparently, Cane had grown a lot during this passed decade and alpha Nolan needed to stop underestimated the alpha from the south. 
The situation in this continent was dire, especially with this black rain. No one knew, when it would stop, or whether they could see the light of the sun again. Day and night were the same, and this weather would only get worse if the winter came, what would happen then? Would it be black snow that fell from the stormy sky? 
This was not a good sign, more so when they didn’t know what the after effect of this rain, though Iris had said she didn’t feel any black magic in this rain, but no one could guarantee there was no bad effect on them. 
Meanwhile, Haco was still delirious. His health started to get worse. 
"I need you to provide five thousand warriors. Can you write to your pack?" 
"Five thousand?!" alpha Nolan widened his eyes in shocked. "Why do you need that many warriors when you have already enough here?" 
Cane crossed his legs and tilted his head, he looked lazy and the sight annoyed alpha Nolan. "We need to buy time, right? You said it yourself and I have another method to buy us time." 
"How can my five thousand warriors buy us time?" alpha Nolan looked like he wanted to flip the table and claw Cane’s face, but of course, on the surface, he simply appeared surprised. 
"They will not attack us when they learned they were outnumbered." 
"And if they did?" 
Alpha Nolan didn’t agree with this reckless plan. The risk was too high to take. 
Cane lifted his brows questioningly. "What if they did? We have more people than them. We can take them down." He could see the other alpha was going to argue with him again. "What is it? You are very reluctant to attack them? Your pack is not the only pack that suffered loss during the battle, the royal too. With the help of the paladin, we can seize the throne." 
Alpha Nolan gritted his teeth, his eyes hardened when he looked at Cane. "Are you sure, you are going to let the baby take the throne? Do you really think Koda will suit the role of regent?" 
Cane knew where this conversation would go. He said nothing and let alpha Nolan to make his intention clear, though he had done it before. There was no way, someone as smart as Cane had not yet picked up the hint from him. 
"You are the royal too. Born from the legitimate princess, the only legitimate child of the previous king. Your blood is more pure than the baby." 
Cane stood up and approached Nolan. His smile was harmless, but his eyes said otherwise. "We can’t go against Red Claw pack. They have the Holy Kingdom and the Serafim as their support. Do you really think they will not interfere more than necessary if you do something to them?" Actually, it was Cane, who had suggested it, but alpha Nolan didn’t need to know the detail of the event. 
Alpha Nolan narrowed his eyes. He knew what Cane meant was right. They couldn’t make the Serafim and the Holy Kingdom enemy, neither they needed their interference more than this. 
Thus, the only way for him was... 
"But, have you forgotten?" Cane asked lightly, his voice became deeper, he demanded alpha Nolan’s fully attention for what he was going to say next. "The baby is sick and the Serafim can’t cure him." 
Alpha Nolan’s eyes lit up. That was right. The baby was sick and even the Serafim couldn’t cure the baby. His life wouldn’t be long. 
And once the baby died, the next in line would be the royal family too, but the only royal family left were; Alan, Kellan and... Cane. 
The support would naturally fall on Cane and he was not only able to sit on the throne, but he would gain all the support he needed, including from the Serafim and the Holy Kingdom. 
How stupid he was for not thinking that way?! 
He didn’t even think about that! 
If Cane didn’t point out this fact, he would miss it! 
"Do what I said." Cane patted alpha Nolan’s shoulder, but at this moment, he was too preoccupied with his own thought and how the plan would be unfolded to resent Cane’s gesture. "You always said that I am a righteous person, so you can trust me when I said I will never forget any support that I will get and I will never forget all the wrongdoings. I will pay for both of those things many times over." 
Cane could see alpha Cane faltered, the plan that he let him to imagine was very tempting. 
"Call your warriors." 
After saying that, Cane walked out of his tent and Ethan approached him immediately, he spoke in low voice. 
"What are you going to do now? It’s time." Ethan looked around him, but he couldn’t find Lou. 
"Write a letter to Red Claw pack that alpha Nolan betrayed them."
###Chapter 646: CANE’S GRAND SCHEME
Chapter 646: CANE’S GRAND SCHEME
"Are you going to out him to the Red Claw pack, Cane?" Ethan frowned. He agreed with everything that Cane had decided, but his curiosity couldn’t let him to accept the order without a few questions. "What is your plan? Are you planning to pit the two packs against each other?" 
"Send the letter after the meeting with the border warrior. After that meeting, I will have an important discussion with Nolan, send the letter at that time." 
"Got it!" Ethan replied enthusiastically and then continued the barrage of his question. "What about the orphanage from the Capital City, how can you get them?" 
Cane stopped walking and Ethan almost bumped onto him, thankfully, he had a great reflex. The alpha turned around and face his noisy gamma. 
"Any words from Aliana?" 
Ethan was speechless when he heard this. Even though Cane asked about Aliana, but it was not her, who he cared for. Of course, the alpha wanted to know every detail, every movement of his pregnant mate, especially when he was away. 
Ethan could understand that, but please! He asked important question too! At least, answer his question first, before he asked his! 
The gamma wanted to be petty with the alpha, but then he second thought his decision for acting like a brat. In the end, he could only tell Cane what Aliana had reported, defeatedly. 
"Iris spend most of her time with the children from the orphanage and Lil Thing, she eats well, her appetite is great and she seems to be in good mood." That was a good report, but there was still this crease between Cane’s brows. "What?" Ethan was confused, because the alpha didn’t seem to like the news. 
"Tell Aliana to get her more rest." After that, Cane turned around and shifted into his beast, as he was going to meet with Dageus and Dreggo on the same spot like yesterday, leaving Ethan speechless. 
"She is pregnant, okay. Not sick. How do you expect her to rest all day and night like a vegetable?" Ethan frowned and then shifted into his beast as well, following the alpha. 
He still couldn’t get the answer of how he appeared in the pack house with the children from the Capital City’s orphanage, but he knew better that Cane wouldn’t answer his question. He had a greater chance to get the answer from Iris, if he wanted to know something about it. 
Cane had fallen into his old habit again now. 
The alpha really needed to spend his time with his luna and Iris needed to remind him again to explain himself better. 
Ethan kept grumbling in his mind, all the way to the meeting point with Dageus and Dreggo. 
The four of them shifted into their human form to communicate with each other, but the two leaders of the border warrior were not happy to see Ethan was there, instead of Lou. 
"Where is the merchant?" Dageus narrowed his eyes dangerously. 
============================== 
"Bastard!" alpha Colter roared angrily when he received a letter from Cane. 
In the letter, it said that Winter Moon pack knew about the magic user force that he had and he would use the knowledge to threaten him. After all, unless it was the royal magic user, having a bunch of magic users inside your pack was forbidden, the Serafim and the Holy Kingdom could interfere with that. 
And the interference from them was the last thing that alpha Colter and Koda wanted. They had been extremely careful when they were here, but they really didn’t need any threat from outside. 
"Damn this man!" Koda cursed under his breath as well when he read the letter. "Thankfully, alpha Cane figured this out quickly." 
Both of them were seething in rage, as they were thinking about their earlier battle against the royal, where they lost and had to endure a great loss.
Cane also hinted it in his letter. 
"No wonder we lost the battle. We should know this from the beginning." Alpha Colter gritted his teeth and gripped the edge of the table tightly, until the sturdy wood cracked because of the pressure. 
"Alpha Nolan... how dare he double crossed us!" Koda balled his fists beside his body. "What are we going to do now?" 
In the letter, Cane instructed them to tell the Serafim about alpha Nolan’s betrayal and asked her to write a letter to the ships that were planned to dock at the harbor in the Winter Moon pack to change their direction to the harbor in Crystal Moon pack. 
That was the first instruction that Cane gave to them and further instruction would follow. 
The problem was; they were too shock with this revelation. They were not as innocent, but everyone would agree that being betrayed was not a nice feeling. 
Cane hinted a few times about their loss against the royal, he strongly displeased and offended because they didn’t discuss with him first when they let Winter Moon pack to join hand in order to seize the throne. 
Looking back, they were indeed in hurry to accept alpha Nolan’s suggestion, since they thought, one more pack on support for their little king, could help, but now they were enraged. 
Probably because of the guilty feeling that they felt to go around Cane’s back and didn’t discuss this matter firsthand with him, in which tipped the scale on Cane’s favor. 
More so, they didn’t have a better strategy than this and actually was very thankful for the warning and the next step of what to do. 
Without them realizing it, they would follow what Cane instructed them to do in a heartbeat without really thinking twice, as if it was a default decision. 
"We will go with alpha Cane’s plan." Alpha Colter looked a little bit calm down now, but his body was still visibly shaking. 
"I will tell the news to the Serafim," Koda said. He then took the lizard with him. Cane had written in his letter about the lizard and how to use it. 
He felt a little bit reluctant to touch the lizard, since it was not a creature that he was familiar with. Yet, the moment, one of the knights from the Holy Kingdom saw it, they immediately recognized the creature. 
"How can you get the creature?!" 
"What? What is it?" Koda was confused with the way they stared at him. 
=========================== 
"Cane, why did you use the lizard? You said it yourself that you want to keep Iris’s identity as a secret about the first Serafim’s life essence in her body and the lizard is the Serafim’s creature that supposed to be extinct fifty years ago during the battle in the Holy Kingdom, but why you sent the creature straight to the Serafim?" 
Ethan was cornering the alpha in his tent, he watched Cane changed his clothes, while it was raining so hard outside. The black rain was still pouring down from the sky and the tents shook violently against the fierce winds. 
This was not a good situation and condition at all, either for their warriors or for the border warriors. 
"I want her to come down here," Cane said curtly. 
"Seriously, Cane... you want to make the Serafim comes and see you?"
###Chapter 647: CANE’S GRAND SCHEME (2)
Chapter 647: CANE’S GRAND SCHEME (2)
No offense to Cane, but he was being really impulsive now to demand the Serafim’s presence. The title of Serafim was not something that you could take lightly. 
But then, just like how Ethan knew the alpha, he wouldn’t do something without thinking twice or thrice. What the reason of trying to let other people learned about Iris’s identity now? 
"Cane, seriously, you drive me crazy now!" Ethan looked very frustrated. He used to follow Cane’s order without making a fuss about it. Yes, there would be question here and there, but right now, he literally demanded an answer from him. "Tell me what is your plan?" 
Everything didn’t feel right and this black rain made them anxious. It had been a few days now when the sky was as black as night, even when it was day, added to occasional black rain that poured down the continent and made you felt gloomy, this was not really a good combination. Everything made the gamma agitated. 
Everyone felt agitated and had a short temper. 
Cane turned around and faced Ethan. People’s mood had been very down lately. He could feel that. 
"Iris is pregnant right now, don’t you think it will put her in danger?" Ethan shook his head. "I am sure you will not put her in that position, but why do you expose her?" He cared for Iris like a little sister and he was genuinely happy when they announced they were pregnant now, therefore, he didn’t wish anything bad befell on them. 
Cane had thought about it carefully. After seeing this black rain, he knew the threat of Decratic was real. Whatever creature Decratic was, it was the creature, who had cost the life of the first Serafim and indirectly killed the lycan within him. 
In the beginning, he didn’t think much about the relation between the first Serafim within Iris, the lycan that resided in him and the Decratic, Haco found his symbol in the Riverside pack, but after the encounter in the mountain with Cyan and Zeke, and learned they were able to control the royal warrior’s mind, the king’s mind, Cane started to think how serious this problem was. 
The creature named Decratic, in his mind was an ancient creature, a gut- wrenching tragedy that could be called as myth, something that happened in the past, yet he couldn’t close his eyes anymore. 
Even though, he was still in denial at first, since there were a lot of things that he needed to handle. His mind didn’t stop working and planning his next step even when he fell asleep. Most of the time, he felt agitated because things could go wrong and beat himself down to make things as perfect as it should be. 
However, when this black rain started to pour down and the sun had not yet appeared for days, he knew it would be too late, if he kept denying the connection between the three of them. 
In that case, he needed to get as much protection as possible for Iris, something that he realized couldn’t provide alone. 
When you went into a battle, you needed to know your terrain and your enemy, while Cane couldn’t get the information he needed, unless it was from the Serafim herself. If things went well, the Holy Kingdom could provide the protection that Iris needed. 
Not to mention there was still mystery about Iris’s birth and her power, whether she purified the dark magic, or she actually absorbed it, the latter would do no good for her... 
"I have never thought about that..." Ethan’s jaw dropped when Cane explained everything to him calmly. He blinked his eyes in disbelieve because this was the first time the alpha explained everything in such detail to him, even when he could simply dismiss him and shut his mouth like usual. "I have never thought in that way..." 
Cane did everything, risk himself for the sake of Iris’s safety. Things could backfire at him if the Serafim and the people from the Holy Kingdom learned about the lycan inside of him, yet he bet everything. There was nothing more important than the safety of his mate and their baby. He would do anything for them. 
He would be doomed, if Iris had to go through the same thing like Leane. He had tasted the agony of losing his first mate and their firstborn, he wouldn’t go through something like that again with Iris and their baby. 
"Red Claw pack is not safe. Their territory is located in an unfavorable place because the packs around them are supporters of the royal family, therefore, the only safe base for them is in the south. we should focus our attention here and defend the south first, before we can move further to take over the other pack with the help of the reinforcement that the Serafim had called." 
That was why, Cane gave instruction to alpha Colter and Koda to make the Serafim wrote a letter, to inform the change of direction for the ships from the Holy Kingdom. They should dock their ships in the Crystal Moon pack, instead of the Winter Moon pack. 
It was a good thing the south had their own harbor and the tunnel was ready now. 
There was a heavy silence inside the tent and the pitter patter of rain could be heard very loud, filling the absence of the conversation between the alpha and his gamma, as latter tried to discern such information, while the former let him to get as many time as he needed to get a grip of the situation. 
"I know it will come to this..." Ethan murmured to himself. "I really hope we can get a happy ending..." 
Something that was very unlikely from their standpoint right now. War would bring the the most unpredictable situation, you could lose anyone... 
========================== 
Abby had just written a letter to the people in the ships to change their direction, she stared at the salamander in front of her. Her hand was shaking. 
The five Holy Knights inside the room looked at each other, because they knew this salamander supposed to go extinct fifty years ago when the Serafim before Abby used them to defend the Holy Kingdom from the monster attack. 
But, it appeared before their eyes now and what made them dumbfounded was the fact, this salamander belonged to the luna from the Howling Wolf pack, the same luna, who was rumored had a healing power, even though she was a runt. The same luna that they summoned to meet with the Serafim weeks ago. 
Abby tied the letter around the salamander’s body and then put the creature inside the fireplace, where the flame turned into red color and a second later, the salamander disappeared. 
Abby felt defeated, she was the Serafim, but it was someone else, who found the extinct creature from the Andelus continent. 
"Serafim, are you alright?" Liam approached Abby, he looked very worried, but Cedric came forward and helped her to sit down, he gave Liam a warning look, because he made things very obvious between the two of them right now and it wouldn’t do any good. 
"Call Koda. I want to talk with him." Abby waved her hand to dismiss all of them. "I want you to leave too, Liam," she said when Liam didn’t budge from his position and it was Cedric, who dragged him out of the room. 
It didn’t take long before Koda came and the two of them sat down across from each other. 
"Are you sure the salamander belongs to luna Iris?" Abby asked, she clasped both of her hands tightly to prevent herself from having a mental breakdown. 
How could a runt from the shifter continent had the power to revive the extinct creature? How she could do it? 
Abby always had this insecurity about her power, she was well aware of the rumor that said she was the weakest Serafim in history. She knew her power couldn’t be compared to her predecessor. 
But, it was because they lost the map to the location of the five swords. These five swords were very important for the Serafim, because they had to visit the place frequently to purify any dark influences from them and the map had gone for five decades right now, at the same time when the attack from the monster that caused the extinction of the fire salamander, occurred.
That was why, the next generation of Serafim’s power declined greatly, which what happened to Abby right now, since she had never stepped a foot inside the Great Shrine, where the five swords were located. 
"Yes, I have seen the salamander with luna Iris a few times. She has the creature for long time, I guess, but I am not sure," Koda replied, he looked curious with the reaction that the Serafim gave to him and all the people from the Holy kingdom. 
Later he learned it was because the salamander supposed to be the creature that exclusively belonged to the Serafim. 
"May I know what is the matter?" Koda asked carefully. He didn’t want to make his curiosity became very obvious. 
"I want to know when luna Iris will come here." Abby really wanted to see that woman. She wanted to confirm what kind of woman she was to hold such power. Who was she? 
"Just like what we knew, the situation in the south border is not good." Koda then proceeded to tell Abby the detail of the situation there. 
"If she can’t come here, I will be the one, who comes to the south," Abby said impulsively.
###Chapter 648: A PERFECT COMBINATION
Chapter 648: A PERFECT COMBINATION
"My lord, finally you graced me with your presence," Cyan said politely, she knelt down in front of a young man, around the age of twenty, whose face extremely similar to Alan. He was literally him, in a younger version. People wouldn’t notice the different between the two if they didn’t pay close attention. 
Recently, Decratic had gone out of the room that confined him for months, but no one noticed he was a different person from their king because of how similar they were. 
"Stand up, Cyan," Decratic said, he looked around the room, where Cyan occupied, ever since she returned from the Howling Wolf pack with Zeke and lost her ability to see because of the lycan. 
"Thank you, my lord." Cyan felt nervous because she couldn’t see the lord she had worshipped for so long. The belief that her father dictated her and her brother. 
Finally, Decratic approached Cyan and pinched her chin between his fingers to see her eyes. "You have beautiful eyes," Decratic said. 
"Thank you, my lord." Cyan’s heart thumped wildly. She had heard what happened to the crippled prince. He could walk again now. He didn’t need his wheelchair anymore and now he led his own warriors, answered to Decratic’s order and Alan started to be confined inside a secret room, as Decratic filled his role as the king. 
As his mother, Cyan didn’t feel anything when she learned about what happened to her son. There was not an ounce of sympathy for him whatsoever. It almost felt like she couldn’t care less what they were doing to him, as long as it didn’t bother her. She had never fond of that son of hers at all. 
She was actually ashamed to give birth to Aeon’s child. If it was not for her duty and her father’s grand plan to reach this point to revive Decratic, she would never agree to be touched by Aeon. 
That king was disgusting. The only hiccup they had was to get him killed during the commotion in Goffa Mountain before he could fulfill all of his role. That was why her father was very angry for what she had done, because the battle in the Howling Wolf pack, actually, was not their original plan. 
"You are very helpful, Cyan. It will be a pity if you are blind." Decratic kissed both of Cyan’s eyes gently, he caressed her cheeks lightly. "You are very smart, Cyan. It’s a pity your father didn’t recognize your effort and your sacrifice. Just because you were born as a woman, it doesn’t mean you are less worht it." 
Cyan’s heart skipped a beat when Decratic voiced out her deepest grievances. Zeke always had this look of disappointment whenever he met her eyes, when all Cyan wanted was the recognition from her father, but he disheartened her over and over again for something she didn’t have control of. 
"You are smart and beautiful. Remember that, Cyan." 
Cyan opened her eyes and at first, everything was blurry, she could only see the outline of the person before her, but then gradually, everything became clear and she saw Decratic for the first time. 
She had been informed that Decratic took Alan’s form, but she would never think they looked eerily similar! 
Cyan took a step back because of how shocked, she was, but then she immediately knelt down, realizing how rude her gesture was. 
"Thank you, my lord! Thank you so much to grace me with your healing ability!" 
"Raise, Cyan." Decratic caressed her head. "If you want to thank me, I need you to help me with your brilliant idea and amazing plan." 
Cyan perked up when she heard that. No one had ever told her that she was brilliant. She created a plan after plan because that was what she needed to do, something that had been her duty, since she was born, thus there was no need for a praise. 
Therefore, Cyan became a little bit eager to go out of her way to ensure they achieved their goal. 
"I will do anything to make sure you get what you want." 
Decratic smiled harmlessly, as he watched Cyan stood up in front of him. "I want the Serafim." 
Right at that time, someone knocked on the door and Dexter’s voice travelled inside the room. "My lord, there is a little bit problem. Someone has exploded the great wall!" 
=================================== 
Iris was staring at the baby in her arms, she cooed at her and the baby would giggle and purse her tiny lips. She was mesmerized by this little one. 
Thanked to Cane, Iris became a little bit confidence to hold the baby. He taught her gently what she needed to know about taking care of the little one. 
Every time she held the baby, she couldn’t stop imagining how her and Cane’s baby would look like. Would the baby be a boy or a girl. 
When Iris asked about it, Cane didn’t seem to be concern. 
’I will love them all the same.’ 
That was what Cane said when Iris asked what if they got a girl for his firstborn. In this era, having a boy as the firstborn was almost like an obligation, as if the mother could decide what the sex of the baby, because many men would prefer to have a boy, since girl could only grow up to warm man’s bed and was only valuable if they could secure a great man to be their back up. 
Iris was really grateful when Cane didn’t mind if they had a baby girl, in which, probably would only be their child, knowing this pregnancy felt like a miracle for them. 
"Luna, luna Iris! Come here!" Joyce rushed toward her, she was playing with the other children and Celia. 
"What happened?" Aliana frowned to see the little girl looked panic and out of breath, while the seven warriors immediately came closer to them. 
Not long after, Celia rushed toward Iris as well. "Luna, the merchant is there! He is bleeding!" 
"What? The merchant?" Iris only knew one merchant, could that be... 
"Sir Lou!" 
Iris stood up and Joyce took over the baby from Iris’s arms, in fact, this little girl knew better how to hold a baby than Iris, so it was safe to give the baby to her. 
"Where is he?" 
"Over here, luna!" Celia went ahead to show the direction to Iris, but Eron held her back. "Let them to check the situation first, luna Iris. Stay back for a while." 
The news about Lou appearance after days he went missing, reached Cane, who were still on the same area, guarding the territory. They just received the reinforcement of five thousand warriors from the Winter Moon pack, all of them arrived unscathed even though they had to go through Moon Dew pack first. 
Five thousand warriors that alpha Nolan could command... 
Meanwhile, after Cane told Dageus that Lou was not there, he had gone to the Capital City himself, they didn’t believe him and was ready to attack them, the only thing that hold them back was the fact they had not yet given the order to attack. 
But, the next day, they received the report that the merchant was spotted in the capital city, that was why their situation right now was still. They were on high alert, holding their ground firmly. 
"Lou in the pack house?" Cane frowned. Arthur just informed him when he looked around the tent to check on the join training of all warriors.
"Yes, I am not sure what actually happened, alpha, but it seemed, luna Iris found him bleeding in the bushes." 
"He appeared in front of Iris?" Cane stated darkly. 
"Well... I think that’s what happened..." 
Cane immediately shifted into his black beast and dashed toward the direction of the pack house, it only took him less than two hours to reach the pack house and found his mate. 
"Cane!" Iris was shock to see the black beast, she stood up and the beast shifted into his human form. 
"Don’t, I am dirty," Cane said, he stopped his mate from hugging him because he was covered in mud and black rain. This annoying rain poured down more often recently. "Are you fine?" Cane scrutinized Iris. 
"Yes, I am fine... but, Lou..." 
Cane cut her off. "Is he alive?" 
"Hm? Yes, he is alive, but..." 
"Good. I will clean up first." As long as the merchant was alive, Cane didn’t care how his condition was. He would meet him later. 
Cane took a quick bath and when he came out, he found his mate was standing in front of the mirror, she grabbed the back of her dress and stretched it, so it would show her stomach. She had been doing this recently, wanting to see her bump, Leane used to do the same thing too when she was pregnant, probably this was a thing for a pregnant woman... 
Cane walked silently behind her and wrapped his arms around her stomach, which made Iris startled. 
"It is showing?" Cane kissed her shoulder and Iris squirmed because it was ticklish. 
"Not yet..." Iris said sadly. "Grace said probably next month I can see the bump." 
For now, there were only a handful people, who knew about her pregnancy. Not even Jace was informed. 
"Hm." Cane nuzzled her neck, leaving wet kisses on her skin. He loved her smell, it became more and more intoxicating for him. "Maybe the baby is just as shy as you." 
Iris giggled when she heard that. "Or maybe the baby is stubborn like you." 
"That’s a perfect combination, don’t you think?"
###Chapter 649: ’MOTHER’
Chapter 649: ’MOTHER’
"How is the situation in the border?" Iris asked, she straddled Cane, as she refused to sit on the bed. Lately, she liked sitting on his lap like this, while Cane didn’t mind it at all and play with her hair. He leaned his back against the headboard, staring at his mate. 
"Not many things have changed." Cane leaned over and pecked the tip of her nose. "You don’t need to worry about this." He caressed her neck and Iris leaned against his touch. 
"You start to close yourself off again," Iris pursed her lips. She put both her palms against his chest to steady herself. 
Cane chuckled. Iris remembered the first time she saw Cane chuckled, since he didn’t do that very often in the past, but now he did it more naturally and frequently. 
She used to imagine how it sounded like to hear him chuckling and now, she could hear it, she loved it. One of the most grateful things about being able to hear was being able to hear her mate’s voice. 
"I am not." Cane ran his fingers down her jawline to her collarbones. "It’s because there are not many things have changed. Everything still the same and I assumed those warriors have not yet received an order to proceed an attack." 
"What about alpha Nolan? You invited five thousand warriors from the Winter Moon pack, is it okay?" Iris knew about the Winter Moon pack actually joined hand with the royal family. Based on alpha Nolan’s personality alone, he could double cross anyone, as he saw it fit. 
There was also a chance, alpha Nolan would betray the royal family once he saw the situation was not in their favor, for now, that nasty alpha only wanted to see, which side had the biggest potential to win, because he didn’t want to be on the losing side. 
"You don’t need to worry about that, I have everything under control," Cane reassured her and started to kiss her lips, as he caressed her back, Iris liked it whenever he did it and usually, it was enough to distract her. 
Cane loved this rare moment, where they could be together alone. Because of the border warriors didn’t back away, they couldn’t put their guard down, they were in constant alert. 
However, this time it didn’t work, because Iris pushed Cane away and glared at him. She was trying so hard to look intimidating, but there was nothing scary about his adorable mate. 
"You can’t change the topic by kissing me, Cane," Iris said sternly. After all this time, Cane used the same method over and over again. There was no way Iris didn’t learn anything from that. 
This time, Cane laughed to see his angry little mate. "Okay, but you need to stop worrying so much. You and the baby will be fine." 
"I want you to be fine too," Iris said with a frown. She wanted him to be safe too and she meant it. If it was up to her, she wouldn’t mind the situation was at stalemate like now, but she knew, sooner or later there would be a battle and war that broke out. 
The thought of losing the people that dear to her now she had some she could call as friend and family scared her so much. Iris had been overthinking about everything lately. 
Cane supported her body when he leaned over and laid Iris back on the bed, as he hovered above her. "You are worrying too much again." He smoothened the crease between her brows. 
"This uncertainty scared me," Iris confessed. She had been playing all the worst thing possible that could happen in her mind for some time now and every scenario scared her so much, especially when they would have their baby, she realized how many people would use their child to get a hold of Cane, if they couldn’t take him down, they would use such alternative. 
Iris had familiarized herself with a few schemes and tactics, as Cane had exposed her to such plan, so she could learn and now she couldn’t help, but getting anxious. 
"It’s okay, Iris, everything will be fine. I will make sure everything will be fine." Cane lightly brushed his hand over her breast and caressed her ribcage, which made Iris squirmed uncomfortably, as she tried to focus on the conversation, but a soft moan escaped her lips when Cane casually rubbed his palm against her nipple. 
"But..." Iris wanted to continue their conversation, she had not yet gotten the answer she wanted from Cane, but the cunning alpha knew where to touch her. "What are you... going to do with alpha... Nolan?" Iris asked breathlessly when Cane grinded himself against her. She could feel him... 
"I will wait for the cue..." Cane whispered, as he licked her earlobe and Iris took a sharp breath, she tried to get away from him, yet she was trapped. 
"Wh- what cue?" Iris was not sure her mind was in the right place, neither she could concentrate with Cane’s answer. 
However, as if the timing couldn’t be worse, someone knocked on the door and Ethan’s voice travelled into the room, disrupting their rare intimate moment. 
"Cane! Lou is making a fuss, he wanted to see you!" Ethan shouted from the other side of the door. He sounded frustrated after being annoyed by the merchant. "He said, he has something important for you to know." 
Cane growled, annoyed. He almost forgot about his intention to come to the pack house, but it didn’t mean he was happy to be reminded about it. 
On the other hand, Iris was not happy as well. "Why do you always take him with you?" 
"Next time, I will tie him somewhere." Cane reluctantly pushed himself away from his mate and then got off the bed. 
"Wait, I want to come with you too!" Iris said, she quickly got off the bed too and grabbed Cane’s arm. The alpha frowned with that suggestion. 
"You need to rest."
"No. I have rested enough, more than this I will feel like I am another version of Lil Thing." And currently, the white bear was sprawling on the ground, in front of her door, lazily. "I want to come with you. You are here, why do you spend your time with Lou without me?" 
This pregnancy made Iris became very clingy to Cane, but she couldn’t fulfill her desire to always be with him, because of their current situation, therefore, while he was here, she didn’t want to spend a second away from him. 
More so, Iris could fill her curiosity about what was going on, by listening what Lou would tell Cane. It was a win win solution, right? Well, at least for her... 
"I am going with you." Her stubbornness resurfaced. 
========================= 
"Hallo, mother." Decratic smiled at Aria. He watched how the realization finally dawned on her and she let out a shrill scream. 
"Monster!" Aria roared, she tried to get away from him, but the only way out was the door and this man that looked like Alan, 
"Aria!" Dexter reprimanded her, he was afraid she would offend Decratic. Aria should have died during the labor, but then she was already dead to begin with during her pregnancy. 
It was Dexter, who was very stubborn to bring her back to life, despite anything else, since he was very fond of her. 
"It’s okay. You can go out, wait for me outside," Dexter said in his light voice. He waved his hand to dismiss Dexter, so he could have a private talk with his ’mother’. 
Currently, they were inside Aria’s room. This was the first time she saw the baby she gave birth too, but it didn’t mean she wanted to see it. 
Yet, how could that baby had grown so much after only less than four months? It was impossible. It didn’t make any sense at all! 
"Mother, calm yourself down." Decratic leaned against the wall lazily, his eyes fixed on Aria. 
"Don’t call me that! That’s disgusting!" Aria roared angrily, but Decratic didn’t seem to be affected. There was something ominous from him, which could make you shivered in fear, as if this monster would suck the life out of you. 
"Mother... I know you have liked Cane for so long, ever since your former missy was his mate. The only reason why Leane had never known about it, because you hid your feeling so well. You were so jealous every time you saw them together, even though you knew very well that Cane was your missy’s mate." 
"Shut up! I was not like that!" Aria growled, her whole body was shaking. 
"So, I am wrong? In that case, my offer to let you see him again will not work then?" Decratic tilted his head. 
Aria was taken aback. "What do you mean?" 
============================ 
"If you want to be like that, do it somewhere else!" Lou was extremely annoyed with the sight before his eyes. If he was not very exhausted, he would have kicked Cane away! 
Well, it wouldn’t happen though, since Lou didn’t have the ability to do so. 
"You make me unwell all over again!" Lou gritted his teeth. 
In front of him, Cane was sitting on a chair, while Iris sat down on his lap, resting her head against his shoulder, being comfortable without care about her surroundings. 
They were very shameless! 
"Go ahead, I will not interrupt your conversation," Iris said innocently. "I will be quiet." 
Meanwhile, on the other side of the room, Nala was seething too.
###Chapter 650: AN OFFER FROM DECRATIC
Chapter 650: AN OFFER FROM DECRATIC
Nala didn’t like the sight before her eyes! No one paid close attention to her and she was akin to a backdrop in this room. 
"What are you doing here?" Eron asked Nala, he frowned at the woman. This woman indeed very beautiful, but there was something in her that would make you feel on high alert. She was that type of woman, who was enough to be admired because of her beauty, but wouldn’t make you comfortable enough to be around. "They are going to have an important conversation, what are you doing here?" 
"Iris is here too, why I can’t be here?" Nala was upset. Woman shouldn’t get involved with man’s problem, but why they allowed her to be there, while they didn’t even care about her existence? 
Eron frowned, he disliked the woman ever since the first time he landed his eyes on her. "Do you really think you are on the same status like our luna? More so, addressed her properly, you are talking about the luna of the pack." Eron’s voice was stern and firm, which made Nala bit her lip, extremely annoyed. 
"I am the woman of the merchant," Nala was still trying to argue. 
"You are every men’s woman. I am sure you have slept with the majority of the man in the Capital City. What is so different to be that merchant’s woman?" Otis sneered, which made Nala’s face turned red with anger and embarrassment. 
"Drag her out, why are you talking with her?" Asher said, he was being impatient. 
"Enough," Kian said in annoyed tone, as he grabbed Nala’s hand and took her out of the bedroom before they upset the alpha and the merchant. 
Nala was surprised by what Kian did, but then she said nothing and followed this man out of the bedroom, while the other six warriors followed them out, closing the door behind them. 
"Where Kian will take her?" Otis frowned when he saw Kian dragged Nala further away. 
"Maybe he is going to make sure that woman will not barge inside. Let them." Reed waved his hand nonchalantly. This didn’t need to be their concern. 
Meanwhile, Kian indeed took Nala further away from the room that the merchant occupied. 
"Let me go!" Nala roared at Kian, as she tried to get away from his grip, yet as if this warrior didn’t listen to her, he didn’t even loosen up a little bit, which made Nala even more angry and clawed his arms. "I told you let me go!" 
Nala growled at Kian. Her claws emerged from the tip of her fingers, as her eyes hardened at the sight of blood that smeared Kian’s sleeves. 
"Damn it!" Kian cursed under his breath, he couldn’t believe this woman would actually attack him. Even though this was not a serious injury and the wounds had started to heal, but it didn’t mean, it didn’t hurt. "I helped you, okay?! Do you really think my friend will not really drag you out of the room if you kept insisting to stay? Alpha Cane is in the bad mood, you should have known it by now that he dislikes you, do you think he will not make you miserable?!" Kian grumbled. "I only wanted to help you!" 
Nala was still upset, but she tried to calm herself down quickly, she needed to think with rationality now she got some alone time with this warrior. 
Nala had noticed since the very beginning how this warrior paid attention to her. Her experience with a lot of men made sure she learned that this warrior was attracted to her. 
This was not the first time Kian paid attention to her. 
Calm down and think. 
Nala forced herself to be rationale now. She indeed couldn’t be close with Aliana, like what Lou wanted, but she promised him she could get some information about Iris in another way. When she proposed that idea, Kian was the person that came to her mind. 
"Fine, I am sorry for being too impulsive..." Nala said, she retracted her claws and came closer to Kian. "Let me see your wound..." 
============================= 
Aria was a wreck of emotions after her meeting with Decratic. He was the monster she gave birth to, but right now, he had grown so much. There was no way, he was the baby! It was impossible! 
However, that was not the thing she had been thinking about, but what bothered Aria the most was the fact of what Decratic offered to her. 
He said she could meet with Cane again! She could see him again and he could get rid of Iris from his side! 
"Impossible... what should I do now? What Cane will do when he saw me? What he will say?" Aria rubbed her face roughly, as she became anxious with the thought that she was going to meet with Cane, despite the fact, it was still not clear when it could happen. 
"Lady Aria..." Letto called her name. He approached her with a glass in his hand. "This is your drink..." he said carefully. He knew Aria would throw a temper tantrum every time he came with her ’drink’, unless she was suffering, she didn’t want to drink it. 
However, his master had emphasized it a few times over and over again that Aria needed to drink it. Letto went awry. 
Usually, it would be his master, who came to deliver the ’drink’, but then he went out of the Capital City with prince Kellan after someone destroyed the Great Wall. 
Therefore, this heavy task fell on his shoulders. 
Aria turned around and glared sharply at him. 
"Lady Aria... don’t torture yourself, you know that you will not be able to handle the pain." 
"Shut up!" Aria snapped at him and then took the glass from his hand, some red liquid spilled on the floor, but in one big gulped she finished it and threw the glass against the wall. It shattered into hundred pieces. "Scram now!" 
"Yes, yes, lady Aria!" Letto immediately rushed out of her bedroom, ignoring the pain in his feet because a few sharp shards stabbed his barefoot. 
Aria was in an extremely bad mood! He shouldn’t have delivered the ’drink’ now, but then she finished it, which was a good thing. 
"I will not appear in front of her again for the meantime..." Letto shivered, remembered how red Aria’s eyes were. 
He would come again for her next ’drink’. 
=========================== 
"And then?" Cane asked again in annoyed tone because Lou kept halting in his report. 
"Damn it!" Lou cursed under his breath again. "Can’t we talk only the two of us? Why she is here?" The merchant was extremely bothered by the sight of Iris, sitting comfortably on Cane’s lap. "Or, maybe you can leave and I will have a conversation with her instead? Let her relayed what I said to you! That’s a win win solution!" 
Iris lifted her head and gave Lou a disdain look. 
"Don’t look at me like that, it should be me, who gave you two that look!" Lou grumbled. How these two could be very shameless?! 
For the information he gathered and from what he knew, Cane was a reserved man, but why he didn’t act like one, whenever Iris was around? 
"Continue with your report." 
"Don’t talk to me like I am your subordinate!" 
Once again, Iris lifted her head and gave him a disapproving look. She kept her promise to not speaking at all during their conversation, but the look in her beautiful blue eyes, truly upsetting. Why she saw him like he was a nuisance? When actually it was Cane, who was the nuisance here? 
His suggestion to talk alone with Iris was great! Okay? 
"I will have someone to escort you out of the pack," Cane said, he was about to stand up, but Lou growled at him. 
"Fine! Fine!" Lou really wanted to beat this alpha, if he had the strength to do so. "How dare you to kick me out after you used me!? Fine! I will tell you!" 
From there on, Iris learned that Lou had blown up the magical device in the Capital City, in which left a permanent damage on the great wall, it was a significant thing, because it weakened the protection around the Capital City. 
However, what shocking Iris the most was the fact, Cane was the mastermind behind it. He was the one, who instructed Lou to blow up the Great Hall. 
Apparently, after the day they saved the orphan children and Lou stayed behind, the merchant actually appeared a few times in front of Cane through the portal, which allowed him to go back and forth such distance within a few second only. 
Yet, it costed a lot of magic stone, in which Cane limited the usage of it. 
"I have blown up the magical device in the Great Wall, what are you going to do now?" Lou asked, but then his eyes fell on Iris. "Can’t you tell your mate to at least, explained in more detail about what kind of plan he has in mind? This is very tiring to guess the next step that we will take!" 
Lou pressed the word ’we’, because he wanted to emphasize that they were equal. He didn’t follow Cane’s instruction blindly, but they discussed about it before they came to a conclusion and took a decision. 
"Alpha Nolan is in the royal’s side," Cane said abruptly, he dropped this news all of sudden. "My spy had confirmed it." 
"What?!" Lou was dumbstruck. 
"Tone down your voice, she is sleeping." Cane held Iris gently. 
"What?!" Now Lou was speechless.
###Chapter 651: THE WITHERED FLOWERS
Chapter 651: THE WITHERED FLOWERS
Cane knew that Iris was a sleepyhead, she could literally sleep anywhere whenever she felt like it, even on the moving horse. She still managed to sleep soundly. 
Her pregnancy seemingly increased that ability. From what Aliana told him, Iris happened fall asleep during her dinner and she needed to wake her up to continue eating. 
Right now, she fell asleep, while listening to Lou’s report, as if he was giving her a bedtime story. 
"I can’t with the two of you!" Lou grumbled. He had exhausted his energy when he blew up the magical device and created a portal to come here, that was why, he barely had enough strength to lift his fingers, let alone walked out of the bedroom and avoided these shameless couple. 
Yet, his eyes softened when he saw Iris’s side profile. She indeed slept well. 
"Continue," Cane said, he covered pushed Iris’s face lightly against his chest, leaving Lou with the sight of her auburn hair only, which made the merchant gave the alpha a nasty look. 
Cane knew what he was doing and even though they were in civil term, it didn’t mean he would allow him to stare at his mate. His blood boiled with the thought any man had some idea about his mate. He could also feel the anger from the lycan and the urge to tear Lou apart, or gauged his eyes. 
The lycan would really go cold blooded and ruthless when it came to Iris. 
"What else should I continue? I have told you everything and done what you said," Lou said, extremely annoyed because he felt like he was bellow this alpha. "I don’t think even with what you promised me about the expand of my business, it will be worth it. Damn it. I shouldn’t have gotten involved in this messy situation in the first place!" 
He only wanted to gain profit and expanded his business to the other continent, but he got himself tangled in this power struggle. The worst thing of it was; he had to listen to this man’s instruction only to survive from being bitten by the royal. 
The only comfort Lou had was the fact he could be close with Iris. He would find a way to get this woman for sure, only then everything he had done would be worth it. 
"You can leave, while you can." Knowing there was nothing he could gain more from Lou, Cane decided to leave with his sleeping mate. He had told her that she needed to rest, but she became stubborn and came all the way here anyway. 
Lou rolled his eyes, he wanted to grab Cane and make him stayed for a little bit longer, but he didn’t have enough strength to do so. At the very least, he wanted to be close with Iris, but unfortunately for him, Cane saw his intention from miles away. 
Sabian was right when he said Lou shouldn’t get involved with Cane, thinking he could outsmart the alpha. 
"Where should I leave when the royal wanted my head? Geez, that stupid Alan would love to play with my head." Lou knew what Alan had done in his secret chamber to those poor people, who became the victims of his twisted mind. 
Remembered what he had said and done to that man, Lou knew better not to let him get a grip of him, which left him with only one options, which was; followed this cunning alpha. 
"You would love to play with him too," Cane replied simply and he heard Lou cursed in low voice. "I will meet you in garrison tomorrow." 
"Can’t you see I am injured? At least give me a week or a month to recuperate after doing such a wonderful job. Don’t you know it hurt my heart to blow up my own creation?" 
"Don’t be late." 
Despite Lou’s wails, Cane didn’t seem to care and that was the only thing he said before he left the room with Iris in his arms. 
His mate was sleeping peacefully, even after Lou’s shrill scream out of frustration with him. She nuzzled his chest and clutched the front of Cane’s clothes, didn’t care to her surroundings. 
Meanwhile, the six warriors behind them found this sight very endearing. Their alpha finally found his happiness again and now the luna was pregnant with their firstborn. 
It was as bad as it sounded, but Otis, Reed, Asher and Kian became a little bit more accepting of Iris’s existence and the fact she was their luna, not only because she was their alpha’s chosen mate. She was carrying the next heir after all, the lineage of the northern family would continue. 
Cane slowed down his steps when he saw Zale was sitting next to the sleeping white bear, while holding a bucket of flower in his hands. 
"Where have you been?" Zale asked when he saw Cane and the other. He immediately stood up and his eyes fell on Iris. "Is she sleeping?" He subconsciously lowered his voice. 
"Watch the way you addressed the alpha and the luna, boy!" Reed reprimanded him, but Zale didn’t seem to care. He still not yet learned. 
"I come to give this flower to luna." Zale showed his flower. He used to get Iris flowers every day, but because of this strange black rain it was very hard to find fresh flower for her now. 
"Give it to Aliana, she will put it in the room," Cane replied. 
"But, I want to give it directly to luna Iris." 
Cane continued walking. "Then you can wait until she woke up." He then entered the room, while Dyne closed the door and frowned at Zale. 
"You really need to learn a proper etiquette, how can you talk very brazenly with the alpha?" Dyne didn’t like how brash this young wolf was. 
Yet, Zale simply sat down next to Lil Thing and wait until Iris woke up. He loved to see her smiling whenever he gave her fresh flower and thanked him. 
It was around dinner when Iris was woken up by Aliana, she shook her body lightly, because she needed to eat something. She didn’t have her evening snack, since she slept throughout the afternoon until evening, but then it was hard to tell whether it was day or night with this kind of weather. 
Thankfully, they got the night right when Cane shifted into his lycan form. The lycan was very docile and kept nuzzling Iris’s stomach and was in his good behavior, as they innocently slept throughout the night. 
"Where is Cane?" Iris asked sleepily. She yawned and rubbed her eyes. 
"The alpha has left to garrison." Aliana fixed her curly hair, which a little bit unkempt and then gave her a glass of water. "Here, drink first. Your meal will be here." 
"I am sleepy," Iris complained, she wanted to skip meal and fall asleep again. 
"You are always sleepy. You can’t fall asleep again. Wake up and eat your dinner first." Aliana chuckled to see Iris pursed her lips. Iris favorite things to do was sleeping and asking whether Cane was around or not, she didn’t even read any book recently. 
"Okay..." 
Iris tried to stay awake when she ate her meal, while Aliana entertained her with what the orphan children were doing and how happy Celia was when she got a new friend. 
Joel was not around because he went to the garrison, while Zale liked to be left alone and Haco’s condition was getting worst now, which made Celia was very sad, thus having new friend helped her. 
"Zale has been waiting for you outside, he brought you flower like usual." 
"Outside? Since when?" 
"Since noon." 
"And he is still waiting out there? Why don’t you take the flower?" 
"He said, he wanted to give it directly to you." 
With that, Iris called Zale to come inside the room. The young boy had his head hang low, he looked defeated and Iris thought he was upset with her because he had to wait for a long time. 
"I am sorry, you have to wait for hours," Iris felt bad for him, especially when she saw the sadness in his face. 
Zale shook his head. "No, luna, I don’t mind to wait for you for hours or days. But..." He moved uncomfortably. "The flowers are not beautiful anymore, luna," Zale said in small voice. "I should have watered them, so they will last for long." He hid the flower behind his back, he was disappointed because the flower was no longer as pretty when he finally could give them to Iris. 
"Let me see it," Iris said gently, she was sitting on her bed, while Zale was standing not too far from her. 
"The flowers are ugly now." 
"I thought you want to give the flower to me, it means, that flowers belong to me, right?" Iris smiled when she watched how Zale looked awry. 
Slowly, Zale showed the flower to Iris and they indeed had withered. Newly fresh picked flower should be able to stay for another day, but this one withered very fast after Zale picked them. 
"It’s okay, they still looked beautiful. I can dry them and make a bookmark from it." Iris tried to lift up Zale’s spirit and the young boy looked elated to hear that. 
However, a second later, Zephyr barged into the room and immediately announced the thing they had feared the most. 
"The battle just started! The royal warrior made a move, we have to get ready in case we have to leave!" Zephyr exclaimed in dark voice.
###Chapter 652: IT’S ALREADY STARTED!
Chapter 652: IT’S ALREADY STARTED!
It has been days every since Redmond arrived in the Moon Dew pack and he almost lost his life when he met alpha Gallot and handed him Cane’s letter, which demanded his responsibility for the fraud that one of his mistresses had done against the Howling Wolf pack for announcing the baby in her stomach was Cane’s. 
Cane wanted a heavy settlement or else, he would march his people to Moon Dew pack and a battle couldn’t be avoided. After all, what happened was an insult. 
"Sixty percent shares of the Black Market?! Is he crazy?!" Alpha Gallot ripped apart the letter and commanded his warrior to drag Redmond out and cut his head, he was going to send Redmond’s head to Cane! 
"No! Wait! Wait!" Redmond growled at the warriors, who were about to catch him. "I am just a messenger! Why did you punish me?!" 
"Do you think the alpha cared about that?" One of the warriors mocked at Redmond, as he grabbed his collar, proceeded to drag him out of the pack house and behead him in the yard.
"Wait! Don’t you want to know the father of that baby?!" Redmond was still trying to buy himself time, so he could talk more with alpha Gallot. 
"She is a slut! Why should I care who is the father of the baby?!" Alpha Gallot was very clear with Sofia when he instructed her to get pregnant with Cane’s baby, but she actually went behind his back and got pregnant with someone else?! The audacity! That woman must be very stupid if she thought, she could pass a random baby as the the descendant of the royal blood! "It will be better if she died the moment she gave birth to that trash baby." 
Redmond’s jaw clenched tightly when he heard that. It took him some time to get a control of himself again. 
"I know! What a slut!" Redmond exclaimed. "But, do you really want to kill me when you have the opportunity to turn the table against Cane?! Have you forgotten, what pack I am from?!" 
The way Redmond casually addressed Cane without his title intrigued alpha Gallot. He raised his hands to stop his warriors from surrounding Redmond. 
More so, alpha Gallot just realized that Redmond was indeed from Blue Moon pack, he met him a few times before in the past when he visited that pack, though he didn’t pay attention to him, but his red hair stood out. 
"Explain yourself?" 
"Alpha Gallot, if you dislike Cane, how do you think I feel about him?" Redmond’s eyes flickered. He then continued. "He turned some of my pack member to be slave and has the audacity to demand my loyalty and use my fellow warriors as the guard for his pack!" Redmond was seething. "Do you really think I want to see him subduing another pack?" 
Alpha Gallot let out a derisive laugh. "You think too high about him! Do you really believe he will be able to win the battle against my pack?!" He asked in mocking tone and the rest of the warriors followed his cue to laugh at Redmond’s face for his declaration. 
Yet, Redmond didn’t immediately give a reply, as he waited for the thunderous laugh to subside a little and dropped the fact they had completely forgotten. 
"We are talking about the alpha, who killed all the southern alphas and make himself as the only alpha in that region. At the very least, he took control over thousands of warriors in the south. Do you really think you can handle it?" 
All the laughter died out almost immediately, as you could hear the pin drop silence in the main hall. The black rain poured down this pack as well, which made their mood became even gloomier than before they tasted a little bit of joy to mock this warrior. 
"Are you trying to tell me, you are going to betray your alpha?!" alpha Gallot growled at Redmond, he found this as a humiliation, but he couldn’t act rashly with this warrior, because he saw a potential. 
"He is not my alpha, I don’t pledge my loyalty to him." Redmond was telling the truth. He had never pledged his loyalty to Cane. 
Alpha Gallot squinted his eyes. This was a news for him because he assumed all the member of the Blue Moon pack, especially their warriors had pledged to Cane. 
"Do you really think you can fool me by saying you are willing to betray Cane, since you are going to die now, when you have been following him like a dog all this time?" alpha Gallot scoffed. "You are not smart enough to fool me!" 
"I stay with him all this time to find an opportunity to send him back straight to his slavery days. Do you really think I am not holding a grudge against him?" Redmond took a step closer toward alpha Gallot, so the other alpha could see the hatred in his eyes. "A slave became an alpha? What a joke. He should stay as a slave alongside with his pack member. I want to put them in their place. They are more fun when they were slave. Have you ever tasted any women from the Howling Wolf pack? They are better than most slut." Redmond grinned devilishly. 
Of course, alpha Gallot had tasted some of them when they visited the Blue Moon pack during the Howling Wolf pack’s slavery days. 
"What you said, still not convinced me." Alpha Gallot sat back on his chair and tilted his head, waiting for Redmond to come up with something to convince him. "Even Gerald’s daughter is scared to go against Cane." 
Redmond scorned. "She is an idiot, na?ve and stupidly gullible. What do you expect from a sickly runt like her?" 
"Well, that’s not what I heard." Alpha Gallot leaned his back against the backrest of the chair and pulled one of his women, who was standing by his side to sit on his lap. "I heard she has a healing power or something like that. She healed one of the warrior’s legs." 
"Do you really believe such rumor?" 
"Rumor?" Alpha Gallot laughed and kissed his woman on the lips, he bit her lip so hard, it was bleeding. "Let’s say I have trusted people in so many places." 
"Let’s say Cane have the same thing." Redmond smiled harmlessly at Alpha Gallot. "Do you really think you can outsmart him?" 
"How dare you saying something like that to the alpha?!" One of the warriors snapped at Redmond, he looked like he was going to attack him, but alpha Gallot glared at him and Redmond continued to talk. 
"I have been with him long enough to know a lot of valuable things about his secret. Cane is smart, but he trusts people very easily. Haven’t you heard about how he is very infatuated with Iris? Get her and you will get him." 
"Do you really think he trusted you? Don’t overestimate yourself." 
"I should have gone to Red Claw pack first before I met you, to deliver an important letter to alpha Colter, it contains with their battle strategy." Redmond crossed his arms in front of his chest. "Do you really think he will entrust me with such an important task if he didn’t trust me?" 
"Keep talking." Alpha Gallot was interested and pushed away the woman from his lap, while she whimpered and immediately stood behind him again. Her bleeding lip had healed, but blood stained her beautiful dress. 
Redmond smiled wickedly. "Before that, I want you to tell lady Cyan I will accept the offer. I know you can find a way to contact her." 
Alpha Gallot narrowed his eyes with the mentioned of lady Cyan, not many people knew what happened to her after the king died. 
That was the conversation between Redmond and alpha Gallot days before, on the first day Redmond arrived in this pack. 
However, ever since that, he had been locked up inside a room, while waiting for any news. Neither he could go out nor he could meet with lady Cyan. 
"Shit!" Redmond cursed under his breath, while staring at his meal. He didn’t have any appetite. "Damn it! At least, if you want to lock me up, give me a woman to accompany me!" 
========================== 
"Why do you look very surprised?" Dexter asked. He nodded at the chair in front of him. 
"Dexter." Alpha Nolan looked shocked to see this sorcerer was here. "How can you be here?" 
"I am glad you are still keeping the medal I gave to you." 
It was not only Lou, who could create a portal, a powerful magic user could do it, even though their method was different. 
In alpha Nolan’s case, as long as he held the medal that Dexter gave to him, the sorcerer could find him anywhere, anytime. 
Alpha Nolan didn’t take it seriously at the beginning, but now he needed to be more cautious again, because this man could come silently when he was asleep and killed him without anyone knowing it. He needed to throw the medal. 
"There is an order from the king," Dexter said lightly, as he fished out a black dagger from his pocket, even the hilt was the color of black. "Use this on Cane." 
"Do you want me to kill him?" 
"No, of course not." Dexter shook his head. "I want you to stab his eyes with this." 
"Stab his eyes?" 
Dexter ignored the confusion in alpha Nolan’s eyes. "It’s already started." 
As if on cue, alpha Nolan heard a few warriors shouted the same thing. 
"They make a move!"
###Chapter 653: IT’S ALREADY STARTED (2)
Chapter 653: IT’S ALREADY STARTED (2)
There were total of four huge holes in the Great Walls, which made the fortress was useless, the holes were the magical devices built, but right now, it was ruined. 
Decratic stood not too far from it, his expression was ashen, while Kellan stood next to him, he didn’t say anything, but would occasionally glance at him. 
Other people saw Decratic as Alan, their king, even though they were a little bit confused with how young he looked, yet there was no one dare enough to question this, neither they dared to ask how prince Kellan, who had been crippled for a decade suddenly was able to walk again. 
Some rumor said, it was because of the help of the current head of royal sorcerer... 
Other warriors knelt before their king, trembling in fear because they failed to prevent this thing to happen. 
"Kellan," Decratic called him, in which Kellan immediately came closer to him. 
"Yes, my king." 
This was another weird sight for all the warriors there, because as long as they knew, prince Kellan and the current king was not in a good term. 
"Lead the Golden Light pack warrior to Diandem pack. Send my word to Dageus... kill them all." Decratic tilted his head and gave a disdainful look on those warriors. These pests couldn’t even work... "Leave all of you." 
Kellan nodded solemnly. "Yes, my king." He then proceeded to lead fifteen thousand warriors from the Golden Light pack, marched toward Diandem pack. 
Meanwhile, Decratic was left alone. He stared at the hole and touched the rubbles. 
Magic. 
He could sense the remnants of the magic. Every magic would leave traces... 
If he discovered it a little bit late, it would have disappeared, but this trace of magic was enough for Decratic to track it down. 
A vicious smirk appeared on the corner of Decratic’s lips, but a second later, his figure vanished into thin air. 
============================= 
There were a lot of commotion out there, informing them to be prepared for an attack, because the border warriors were making a move on them. 
The first line warriors were engaged in a battle at this moment and it wouldn’t take a long time before they went berserk into their garrison. 
"Do you want me to stab his eyes? Not to kill him?" Alpha Nolan ignored the commotion out there, because right now, he had his own battle too. 
He had never thought that this sorcerer would come to visit him all of sudden. They supposed not to meet until he brought Iris to territory border. The plan was very simple. Somehow, Alan wanted this woman. The luna of the Howling Wolf pack. 
Alpha Nolan had heard the dispute between Alan and Cane, thus the plan to kidnap Iris did make sense, knowing how much the alpha favored this runt. He had warned Cane before not to show so much affection toward Iris, but that young alpha simply didn’t want to listen and kept doing what he wanted. 
Even though in the original plan, Iris was going to be kidnapped, but the accusation wouldn’t go toward alpha Nolan, in that case, he could continue to stay within Cane and alpha Colter’s party, while maintained the relationship with the royal. 
Alpha Nolan’s plan was to see which side had the bigger opportunity to win, only then he would decide, which party he was going to side with. 
More so, if Iris was not around, he could shove one of his daughters to Cane. He loved Leane, being with someone that was connected to his first mate, would be something nostalgic. 
However, Dexter came here and propose this new plan, in which, wouldn’t allow alpha Nolan to stand in two boats for long. Shit! 
"Yes, I want you to stab his eyes. Both of his eyes." Dexter nudged the dagger closer toward alpha Nolan, because his opponent didn’t take the gift, he gave to him. 
"You don’t want to kill him?" alpha Nolan could understand if Dexter ordered him to stab Cane and kill him, after all, he spent a lot of time alone with him and he had so many chances to do so, but to specifically stab his eyes... 
Even if he managed to do so, what was the point? 
"No. You will not be able to kill him anyway," Dexter said, this time he stood up and handed the dagger into his hand. "You will do it, right?" 
"You are very specific, it will be difficult to accomplish." Alpha Nolan was trying to keep his position, as part of both parties, until he was certain, who would win this war. "You want luna Iris, right? I think it will be easier for me to get her." 
Dexter chuckled. He shook his head. "You don’t need to worry about that. Someone else will get her, since you are very incompetent." 
Alpha Nolan held his tongue back from lashing out, he needed to be level headed in this game of power struggle. 
"What do you mean?" Alpha Nolan glanced at the black dagger in his hand. It felt heavier than normal dagger. 
"You are asking too much, don’t you think?" Dexter raised his brows. He stared deep into alpha Nolan’s eyes. "Don’t be silly, Nolan." Dexter patted his shoulder. "Just because you fooled Cane and Red Claw pack, it doesn’t mean you can fool me and my master." 
Dexter couldn’t read people’s mind like Decratic, but he could control them, yet in this matter, he didn’t need to use his ability to know what kind of idea that fleeted across Nolan’s mind. 
After all, everyone had their own greediness and it was eerily common in this realm. If someone could betray his companion for you, it didn’t mean, they couldn’t betray you. It was only a game of benefit in the end. 
"Your son is very sweet." Dexter smiled harmlessly. "He is smiling at me when I gave him a candy. If he grew up, he will be a great alpha like you." 
Alpha Nolan widened his eyes, anger fleeted across his eyes. "Don’t you dare to touch my son," he hissed through his gritted teeth, holding back his wrath to kill the sorcerer before him.
His son. His only son! 
After all the daughters that those sluts gave to him, finally he got a son! How dare they threatened him by using his son?! 
Alpha Nolan should use the same logic when he warned Cane about his affection toward Iris, where the woman could be his weakness. He should have learned that by himself, because the entire people knew how much he obsessed to have a son and now he only had one! 
"’If’..." Dexter emphasized this word. "...he grew up." 
The game was over for Nolan. 
And right at that time, Jax entered the tent. "Alpha, what is your order?" he asked in low voice, as he closed the curtain behind him, while so many people shouted in the background to get ready for a battle. 
Nolan turned his head to see Dexter, but he had gone. He vanished in a blink of an eye, even Jax didn’t have a chance to see him. 
"Alpha?" Jax glanced out there, they needed to go out and relay the order, but it had not yet decided, which part they would help. "Your order?" 
"Bring our people to the rear and press Cane’s warriors from the south." 
With his warriors in the south and the border warriors from the north, Cane’s warriors would be stuck in the middle and fought against both sides. More so, by positioning his five thousand warriors in the south, they could use the gate of the pack as their fortress, if they couldn’t hold back Cane’s warriors. 
It was not a secret there was barely warriors in Diandem pack, which meant, it would be easy to seize the area as their base for a meantime, until the royal warriors finished them all. 
Without his help, Cane’s warriors wouldn’t stand a chance against the royal warriors, especially when the warrior from the Golden Light pack joined the fray. 
"Yes, alpha!" Jax’s eyes lit up, but he turned around again before he walked out of the tent. "Can I have that bastard gamma?" his voice filled with malice. "Please, alpha. He owed me this." Jax showed the scar on his face. 
Apparently, Ethan had clawed him very deep, it left a scar, though there was nothing horrendous, since his healing ability took care the worse, but still, the thin scar was there. 
"Do as you wish." Alpha Nolan didn’t care much about it, but then he added. "Sent someone to secure Iris. I want that woman." 
If Dexter really wanted that woman, he had to make sure he got her first, to ensure the safety of his son. He wouldn’t hesitate to decapitate that woman if that dark sorcerer harmed his heir! 
"Yes. Alpha!" 
And with that, Jax left to mobilize their warriors. 
=========================== 
Decratic watched a man, as pale as snow, laying down on the bed, sleeping soundly. His red cloak hugged his body loosely. 
He remembered this man from Alan’s memories. He supposed to be the merchant, who built the magical devices. 
"So, you are a magic user..." Decratic talked to himself. He approached the sleeping man, killing intent filled the air. 
However, before he could walk closer toward Lou, the merchant suddenly opened his eyes and glared at him. 
"Alan?" Lou’s voice was dark. "How can you be here?" 
Decratic smiled harmlessly at the merchant. "Lou, isn’t it?" He walked closer, but Lou didn’t budge, still reeling with the fact he was here.
###Chapter 654: IT’S A FAIR FIGHT
Chapter 654: IT’S A FAIR FIGHT
The withered flower dropped to the ground when Zephyr hurried them to leave the pack house, while in the distance, they could see fireworks, which indicating for them the situation became out of control. This was the sign for them to leave, to take the luna to a safe place. 
"Winter Moon pack’s warriors closed the gates and killed our warriors!" Kian informed them, he just shifted into his beast. It was very inconvenient for them to not be able to communicate through mind link. 
They had trained to overcome that, but still, it was a hurdle whenever they were in their beast form to communicate with each other more clearly and accurately. 
"Winter Moon pack..." Reed hissed viciously when he heard that. They had been informed about the potential of betrayal from the Winter Moon pack, but they wished it wouldn’t come to that point. 
Yet, the truth said otherwise. 
"What is it? They betrayed us?" Iris frowned, as Aliana helped to put her cloak over her shoulders and rushed out of the room, while Zale followed closely behind her. 
"Apparently so," Asher replied. 
Meanwhile, Zephyr, Eron and Dyne shifted into their beast and went ahead to secure the path for Iris to leave Diandem pack house safely. 
"What about the other?" Iris looked around her and she couldn’t see Celia, Haco or any other children from the orphanage. 
"Don’t worry, luna, someone must have gotten them to the safety." Eron reassured Iris. "We will meet them on the way to Bloody Wolf pack." 
Probably, Lil Thing could sense something was wrong and the tension in the air, it finally opened its eyes and moved its lazy bum to follow Iris and the other people toward the secret exit. 
However, half way there, Lil Thing suddenly followed them and went toward different direction. 
"Wait! Lil Thing!" Iris caught the white bear’s movement from the corner of her eyes and stopped walking, she was about to get Lil Thing back, but Aliana stopped her. 
"No. We can’t go back!" Aliana tightened her grips on Iris’s wrist, just in case she was going to go after the bear. 
"But, Lil Thing!" From afar, Iris could hear the commotion. Without a doubt, alpha Nolan had led his people to seal the gates of the pack and if they didn’t move quickly, they would be trapped. 
If alpha Nolan had decided to betray Cane, it meant, Iris would be the first target that he looked for, since she could be a valuable piece to torture and inflict pain on Cane, knowing how much the alpha favored her. 
"I will go to find it!" Zale could see how much Iris was worried about Lil Thing, so he wanted to ease her anxiety and bring back that furball back to her. He could see the luna was rather fond of the white bear. 
"No!" Iris said sharply, as she caught Zale’s wrist before he could leave. "You will not go anywhere!" She said sternly. 
Yes, Iris was worried with Lil Thing, but the lazy bear could fight better than Zale. The creature was ferocious enough to protect itself. 
"Let’s go, we don’t have time!" Aliana hurried them all to move again. 
Reluctantly, Iris had to leave Lil Thing behind. She felt very bad, but they couldn’t afford to look for it. Meanwhile, she held onto Zale’s hand tightly, just in case the young boy would run off to find Lil Thing. 
The ten of them moved quickly toward the secret exit, but then Zephyr’s beast growled viciously, followed by Eron and Dyne’s in their beast form.
Someone was there with ill intention... 
================================= 
"How can you be here?" Lou frowned when he saw Alan was inside the bedroom, he was still exhausted, but his mind was sharp enough to determine there was something wrong with this whole situation. 
More so, there was something completely wrong with Alan. He supposed to be not here. Lou could feel the traces of magic around him. 
Someone teleported him here? Or... he teleported himself? the frown between his brows deepened. The latter was not possible. Alan was not a magic user. 
But then, why there was someone stupid enough to teleport this imbecile here? 
Should I kill him? 
This would be a great chance to get away from the fierce punishment. More so, he would contribute a lot, no, Cane owed him a big time he killed Alan. This imbecile had been a scourge for them all. Who was the idiot, who had put him on the throne? 
"Lou, isn’t it? The merchant..." Alan talked in languid tone, as he moved closer toward Lou, didn’t seem to care with the killing intention that fleeted across the merchant’s eyes. 
He approached Lou’s bed and sat down next to him, as he stretched his hand to touch his head. At the same time, Lou was thinking of a way to kill Alan. It should be a clean one, because in his current state, he wouldn’t get a second chance. No matter how a waste of breath this man was, he was still a shifter, Lou wouldn’t stand a chance, once he shifted into his beast, while he didn’t have the energy, neither magic stone, to cast a spell on him. 
However, what happened next was something that he had never expected would happen to him. He felt this cold feeling crept on his skin when the tip of Alan’s finger touched his head. As if winter had come only for him and a second later, memories that he had buried so deep into the back of his mind came to the surface. 
The room he occupied blurred in his sight, but at the same time he saw another image. It was him when he was little, around the age of seven or eight, his body bruised and his head was bleeding, while boys around his age or older, mocked him, spat on him and said something horrendous. 
This was the core of his childhood memory, something that he wanted to forget, something that he desperately wanted to get rid of his head, but a single touch of him brought back all the memories! 
This was magic. 
And this man was not Alan! 
Lou realized it, but he couldn’t do anything when this magic user with the face like Alan dug all of his worst nightmare. 
Another image that appeared in front of him was when his mother was being prosecuted right before his eyes. They burned her alive, Lou could hear her scream in pain and how the fire licked her beautiful face, while she begged them to stop. She was wearing her favorite red dress when it happened and the fire burned it too in a second. 
"No... no..." Lou whimpered, his whole body was trembling, he was sweating profusely. 
"Hm... hatred, revenge, trauma, denial..." Decratic talked to himself, seemingly enjoyed what this merchant could offer to him. He was not a simple merchant, he was a complicated one. "Interesting..." 
Lou felt suffocated with all the memories that came to the surface without him being able to stop it, but then suddenly everything came to stop and the room came to his sight again, clearer than ever. 
"Prince Alan?" Nala was shocked to see Alan was there. She retracted her claws and stood there dumbstruck. 
Earlier, she came to let Lou knew they needed to leave because the Winter Moon pack barged the entrance gates, apparently they had betrayed alpha Cane, but when she came, she heard how Lou screamed in pain. 
The first sight that Nala saw was this man’s back, he was sitting on the edge of the bed, seemingly did something to Lou and it was the cause of his pain. 
Therefore, without a second thought, she attacked him. 
But now, she was dumbfounded to meet with Alan. What he was doing here? But, more importantly, how he could be here? This didn’t make any sense at all. 
"Prince Alan?... How?" Nala was still reeling with the presence of Alan when he stood up and approached her. 
However, before Alan could touch her, Lou had moved very fast and used the fruit knife on the side of the table to stab him on the neck. The sharp steel pierced through his throat and blood spurted out from the wound. The color was black. 
Nala screamed because some of the blood sprayed on her face and the sight of it was simply too terrifying for her to handle. 
Yet, she didn’t have time to have a mental breakdown because Lou had grabbed her hand and ushered her out of the room. 
"You... you just killed the king..." Nala blabbered. 
"He is not the king! He is not Alan!" Lou couldn’t comprehend what happened, but his instinct told him to stay away from this man. 
Before they left the room, Nala glanced to see Alan for a second and the sight was terrifying. She thought, he would drop dead to the ground, but he actually pulled the dagger from his throat like it was nothing, he didn’t even flinch. 
"What... what’s that? Who is that?" 
"I don’t know! Stop asking and start running!" Lou snapped and Nala shifted into her beast, so she could run faster. "Great! Now, I hope I can turn into bird!" The merchant grumbled. 
People ran around to all direction and Lou needed to stop a few times to catch a breath and every time, Nala would stop as well. On the fourth time the merchant stopped, she shifted back into her human form and helped to support him, so they could continue to move. 
"You can ask for my help, you know, why are you being very stubborn?!" Nala reprimanded the merchant because instead of asking for her help, he clamped his mouth, holding dearly to his pride for not asking her to help him. 
"Help?" Lou scoffed derisively. His whole body was still trembling because of the nightmare of his past that he had to go through less than ten minutes ago. Whoever that creature was; Lou would kill him for sure to intrude his memory! 
"Stop being an ass." 
"I don’t need help." He didn’t need any help. He would end up hurting even more whenever he asked for help. 
"You stupid ass merchant!" Nala growled. He was very heavy, but she couldn’t leave him alone. This was annoying. 
And with that, the two of them bickered, as they walked to the safety. For Nala, it helped her, because apparently, being upset filled her with energy and for Lou, arguing with her helped him to distract his mind from his past. 
But when they were about to reach the meeting point, where they would meet with Sabian, two warriors from Winter Moon pack stopped them. 
"Go and kick their ass," Lou said, pushed Nala slightly to fight the two warriors, which made the woman seethed. 
"Can’t you be more shameless than this? You asked me to protect you? When you are the man here?!" Nala couldn’t believe it. She had never met someone like Lou before. He was being a coward, but it didn’t seem to bother him at all. 
"Can’t you see? I am not in the capacity to fight them. On top of that, I am not a shifter, you are the shifter. It’s a fair fight to fight with your own kind. I am just a merchant." Lou nudged Nala’s shoulder again. "Go." 
"You don’t feel embarrassed at all when you asked me to protect you when you are the man here?" 
"No." Lou shook his head innocently. 
Yet, their argumentation was not a fun sight for the other two warriors, as they had more important thing to do. They charged ahead with the intention to kill Nala and take Lou as a captive, as per their alpha’s order. 
However, when they came closer, Lou, who looked extremely exhausted, suddenly moved very quick and drew a small dagger that he happened to get when he fled from the room, but he missed the target. 
"Shit!"
###Chapter 655: HAND OVER THE LUNA!
Chapter 655: HAND OVER THE LUNA!
Sofia saw the commotion outside and knew it was the cue for her to leave. Someone had told her something like this would happen and she needed to prepare herself and the baby. 
Rye. Redmond was adamant with that name before he left and Sofia actually loved the name too, but she fussed over it a little bit, didn’t want to admit that. 
And now the baby was staring at her with curiosity in his eyes, which took after Redmond. Maybe it was only her petty side, but she was a little bit annoyed because the baby took after Redmond so much, as if to declare and shred the last bit of hope for him to be another man’s baby. 
’I carried you for nine months, but you come out look exactly like your father.’ 
That was the best Sofia could complain about her baby, but everything else was perfect. He was a bundle of joy for her. 
Unless he was hungry and needed to be cleaned, he wouldn’t be fussy. 
Sofia knew Redmond went out for a mission from alpha Cane, a mission related to alpha Gallot and the fraud he did against alpha Cane about the baby, but not only that, the situation in this pack couldn’t be said as safe. She didn’t know the detail, but she knew the upcoming battle against the royal and it happened now. 
Someone knocked on the door in the middle of her preparation. 
"W- who is that?" Sofia immediately took Rye from his crib and held him tightly, her instinct sharpened, as she tried to sniff the air, just in case this was not someone from Cane’s pack. 
"This is me, Joel." Joel knocked on the door again and Sofia recognized his voice and scent. She was too preoccupied earlier and didn’t realize him sooner. "Open the door, we need to leave now." 
Sofia immediately opened the door and saw the young warrior, he looked taller than the last time he came here to warn her about what might happen. 
Joel was not alone, he came with another young warrior from Riverside pack. They looked like the same age, but Joel was taller than him. 
"Are you ready? Don’t bring unnecessary thing," Joel said. He disliked Sofia for what she had put Iris through, but then he was commanded to escort her to the safety, more so, he respected Redmond enough to not show any hatred and hostility toward this woman and the innocent baby. 
Joel learned that it was Redmond himself, who had killed Lyle, his second in command during the battle in the Howling Wolf pack and how he stood up and fought against his own pack member, his own warriors, who turned against him. 
"I need to bring that bag." Sofia pointed a bag that laid on the floor, which she was just done prepared before Joel knocked on the door. 
"Finn, take that bag and let’s go." Joel shifted into his beast form and led the way, while the other young warrior stayed in his human form. 
"Do you want me to carry the baby, so you can move faster?" Finn asked Sofia politely. 
"No, it’s fine. I will carry him." Sofia thanked him for his nice gesture, but she would be more at ease if she held Rye close to her. 
Finn nodded and they continued moving toward the safety. 
Aside from the Luna’s warriors, Cane had created smaller groups of warriors to escort some people if things escalated this far. 
Two people would escort Sofia to the safety, because Cane had promised Redmond about his woman and his child’s safety. Even though Joel and Finn were young, but the two of them were the best warriors in their age and often times, their enemy would lower their guards down, thinking about an inexperience young shifter like him. 
Meanwhile, Arthur, Mal and another three warriors would escort Haco, Celia, Zale and the other four orphan children. 
"Where is that young boy?" Arthur asked. He counted the children, but he missed one more. 
"Zale went to see luna Iris. He must be with them," Joyce replied. She saw him brought a bucket of flower, something that he used to do. 
"Okay, let’s go," Arthur said. If Zale was with the luna then he must be fine, because the luna was protected by the best warriors. 
One of the warriors helped Haco to stand up, but the old sorcerer couldn’t even walk. 
"He is very sick. You need to carry him," Celia informed the warrior sadly. She was very sad to see Haco like this. It almost felt like he died before her eyes, but the process was very slow and painful. 
The warrior bent his body and and carried Haco on his back. This old sorcerer was very skinny now, he weighed nothing. 
"Come, I will carry the baby," Arthur stretched out his hand to ask the baby from Joyce’s arms and the little girl handed him over. "We need to move now." 
Mal and the other two warriors shifted into their beasts and led the way, as the children followed them and Arthur and one more warrior brought the rear. 
Meanwhile, there was the last small group that Cane had created to help Lou escaped if things went south, since the merchant was not in good shape. It would be a lost for Cane if Lou died, when he was still useful. 
Clad and Leros looked for Lou, but they couldn’t find him in his bedroom, but they found a strange pool of black blood on the floor. 
"What is this?" Clad frowned, as he touched the blood. It smelled like one, but it didn’t look like it. It was thicker than normal blood... 
Miles away from the chaos in Diandem pack, a certain red hair was going to bore to death when he had been locked inside this nice bedroom for days. He felt like he was going to go insane, if he had to wake up to this boring gloomy sky, which made it so hard for him to track down time, whether it was day or night. 
Finally, on nth day, a warrior came to his boring room and informed him that someone would come to visit him. 
Not long after, lady Cyan graced him with her presence. She looked beautiful as ever, though she was no longer young, but one could tell she carried herself extremely well, which made her existence demanded all the attention from the people inside the room. 
"Lady Cyan," Redmond said, he knelt down. 
"Raise. I heard you want to see me." Lady Cyan stood in front of Redmond, her expression was devoid from any emotions. 
"I want to know if your over months ago is still valid?" Redmond stood up and looked at lady Cyan right in her eyes, where she could see his determination. 
"You changed your mind?" lady Cyan asked, there was this small smile on the corner of her lips, as if she mocked him. 
"Yes. I changed my mind." 
"Do you think I will believe you easily?" Lady Cyan walked toward the window and opened the curtain, which showed the gloomy sky. They had not yet gotten any sense of light for weeks now. 
"What make you believe my words?" Redmond turned his body and stared at lady Cyan’s back. She was wearing white dress, as if she was someone pure and innocent. 
"What can you do to make me believe your words?" Lady Cyan threw the same question. 
"I will tell you a secret about Cane." Redmond didn’t even address Cane by his title, something he used to do in the beginning, but he did it lately. 
"Secret? What secret?" Lady Cyan turned around and showed some interest. She didn’t travel this far to meet with Redmond if she couldn’t get anything worth it. 
Unfortunately, unlike her brother, she couldn’t create a portal and appeared in a place miles away, yet she still had an ability that Dexter didn’t have. 
"The lycan." Redmond squared his shoulders, knowing what he was going to tell lady Cyan. "The lycan is Cane. He has been deceiving all of you. He is the lycan all along. The cursed creature, which had caused an uproar and killed prince Vemion." 
Lady Cyan raised her brows. She didn’t look surprised, because in fact, she didn’t. She had already known about Cane was being the lycan. "Only that?" 
Redmond narrowed his eyes. "You don’t look surprise." 
Lady Cyan shrugged her shoulders nonchalantly. "The lycan has been lowkey and that creature is not very interesting anymore. The Serafim is here, I am sure Cane will not be stupid enough to reveal it when the people from the Holy Kingdom is here. That matter can wait." Lady Cyan approached Redmond. "And then what else you can offer?" She tilted her head. "You were very cocky when you rejected my offer in the past, but now you want to take it? What has changed?" 
"Revenge." Redmond stared right into Cyan’s eyes. "I will tell you the plan that Cane has created with Red Claw pack. You can take them down with this information. This is very crucial." 
Lady Cyan lifted her brows and smirked. "Let’s hear what you are going to say." 
============================= 
Zephyr, Eron and Dyne growled, as they sensed the intruders, they picked their scent first because they were in their beast form, while the rest sensed this intruder later on. 
"Stay behind me, luna," Aliana said, she stood in front of Iris, while Reed, Kian and Asher circled her, they put Iris and Zale in the middle because Iris felt the need to keep this young boy close to her, her instinct told her to protect him, since he was only a child in her eyes. 
Iris ignored his attempt to take the role of protector like the other grown up warrior. She didn’t want something bad happened to him. 
"What are you doing here, Argean?" Aliana asked. Argean was the gamma of the previous alpha of Diandem pack. "You should be out there, aiding our alpha." 
"He is not our alpha." Grory emerged from behind the tree, he stood next to the gamma. "You are very na?ve to think I will be glad to serve someone, who had killed my alpha as the new leader of the pack." 
"Your alpha is very stupid to think so," Argean chimed in. 
None of them looked surprised with this, since they watched closely the way Cane didn’t trust them both, thus they followed their alpha and now it was proven right. 
Iris narrowed her eyes when she heard that. She was unhappy with the way they talked about Cane, but only then they realized, it was not only the two of them, but there were more warriors, who rebelled against Cane. 
At the very least, there were fifteen warriors, who shared the same thought like the beta and the gamma. They crept closer toward Iris’s little group, in their beast form. 
"Do you really think you can use our secret escape route for yourself without us knowing it?" Argean asked in cocky tone. "This is our pack. We know better about this place than you do." 
That was right, they were born and grew up in this place, they knew every nook and cranny of this pack. 
"Great if you knew this place better, like you should. Now, move out," Aliana said in boring tone. 
"We will let you leave if you handed the luna over!" Argean spoke loudly, while the beasts that surrounded them growled threateningly. 
"You can move away now, or we will kill all of you!" Zale snapped back at Argean, which made the gamma’s face turned ashen. 
"Good job, kid." Reed rubbed Zale’s head, but the young boy swatted his hand away, because he didn’t like to be treated like a little child. 
At the same time, Iris was very calm. She could see their wolf spirits and felt them. These spirits were so fragile.
###Chapter 656: A VICIOUS SMIRK
Chapter 656: A VICIOUS SMIRK
If they needed to leave this place, they needed to do it quickly, because the warrior from the Winter Moon pack had started to besiege the whole area, they closed the gates and used the pack member to threaten Cane and his people to back off. 
Meanwhile, the remaining warriors inside the gates tried to fight them off with no avail, since they were being greatly outnumbered. 
At the same time, small groups of warriors that Cane had assigned, started to move as well. Cane had expected this, but the scale of chaos was bigger than they predicted.
Inside the pack house of Diandem pack, there were two secret passageways that would be used by those groups, Cane had formed, to escort the people out. 
The first group would be the seven warriors that protected the luna. 
However, they stuck here because of these people blocked their way. Not all warriors from Diandem pack betrayed Cane, but definitely the former beta and gamma along with the other fifteen warriors shared the same sentiment about fighting against their new sovereign. 
Alpha Nolan would be behind all of this, because these people wouldn’t be brazen enough, to go against Cane without any back up. 
"Hand over the luna and I will let all of you go!" Argean said in loud voice. He took a step closer, but Zephyr, in his beast form, snarled at him. The beast was ready to tear him apart. 
Meanwhile, Zale looked very vicious, he was full of a killing intent, even for his age. 
"Do you really think you can leave unscathed from this kind of betrayal?" Aliana narrowed her eyes. "The alpha will definitely kill you once he got a hold of your neck." 
"Only if he is alive to do so," Grory scoffed. "Do you know your alpha is in dire situation? Currently, he and his people stuck between the Winter Moon warrior and the Royal warrior. He can’t bring his people to take shelter inside Diandem gates because alpha Nolan has conquered this pack. Do you really think he can survive?" 
All of them were seething and Iris was fuming. Her hand that held Zale’s tightened without her knowing it when she did what she needed to do. 
It happened so fast and none of them realized what was going on when Grory let out a shrill scream in the end of his nasty speech, he dropped to his knees and clutched his chest tightly, as if his life was being sucked out of his body and he was having a hard time to breath. 
It was excruciatingly painful. The warrior had gone to a handful battles and sustained some serious injuries, but those experiences were nothing compared to this. The agony was slow and harrowing, as if he was being shredded to pieces, while still alive. 
Grory felt it happened for long time, while in fact, it only happened for a mere few seconds. 
"What is going on?!" Argean fell on his knees as well, as he watched in horror how Grory’s face turned blue and fresh blood oozed out of his mouth. Something was extremely wrong with him! 
Grory didn’t die right away, but he kept bleeding and his eyes dimmed, as if his life left his body, even though he was still alive. That was when you knew the spirit beast inside of the shifter had died... 
"Black magic... Black magic..." Argean mumbled to himself when he watched Grory’s current state. "This must be dark magic!" he roared angrily. "Someone must have cursed him!" He stood up and glared at the warriors that surrounded their luna. "One of you must be a dark sorcerer!" 
On the other hand, Eron, Aliana and the other warriors were dumbstruck, they didn’t even expect something like this would happen. They didn’t even know what was going on and what the cause of Grory’s pain. 
They were utterly speechless when Argean accused them for using dark magic when there was no magic user among them. 
"Kill them! Kill them all! There is dark sorcerer among them!" Argean roared his order to the other fifteen beasts, who took his side and shared the same craziness like him to betray Cane. "Kill them all!" 
Grory current condition frightened Argean, as he wanted these pests to be killed, just in case it would be his turn next. 
And just like that, it was indeed his turn, because a second later, he let out a wailing sound, as if he was being slaughtered when he fell to the ground, his body convulsed wildly, while fresh blood came out of his nose and mouth. 
All of them watched in horror upon what happened to Grory and Argean. By the time Argean stopped wailing, fresh blood still came out of his mouth. The two of them were still very much alive, you could see from the way their chest moved when they were breathing, but there was no sign of life in their eyes. They were dead inside. 
"Wh- what’s going on...?" Aliana was dumbfounded, this was the first time for her to witness this disturbing sight and her first instinct was to cover Iris’s eyes, so she didn’t need to witness it. 
Yet, when she looked at the luna, Aliana’s heart skipped a bit, as she saw there was a little smirk on the corner of her lips, her eyes glinted with malice, almost like she enjoyed this horrid sight. 
Did she just see thing? 
And miles away, another sword had broken... 
============================== 
"If you really want to fight them, can’t you do it properly?!" Nala growled at Lou, she chastised him for his failed attempt to kill the warrior and now, they were being hunted down by two angry beasts. 
"Can’t you stop talking for at least a week? You give me a headache!" Lou pulled Nala into one of the rooms and locked the door behind them. He tried to push a cabinet to block the door, but he simply didn’t have enough strength to do so. "Use your energy for something useful and push this cabinet to block the door!" 
"How can you ask a woman to push something heavy?!" Nala asked incredulously. 
"Then, who I should ask?! There are only the two of us here!" Lou snapped back at her. "Stop acting all lady like, we are going to die if you don’t stop your bad habit to complaining over small thing!" 
Cursing under her breath, Nala pushed the cabinet. This was the first time she really bickered with a man, because she feared most of them and they wouldn’t tolerate such behavior, but strangely enough, this merchant brought the worst of her and she couldn’t explain why she couldn’t keep her anger level in check. This man was simply annoying whenever he decided to be a jerk! 
"Can’t you give me a hand?! This is very heavy!" Nala grunted when she moved the cabinet with her shoulders. Though it was not a big cabinet, but they used solid woods, which was heavier than usual woods. 
Meanwhile, outside the door, the two of them could hear how the two beasts finally found the right room, where they were in, probably because they heard their loud argument. 
Grumbling, Lou came over and helped Nala, both of them pushed the cabinet to block the door, in time when the beast managed to make a hole on the door. 
"Damn it! Why your kind is very strong?!" Lou hissed. He slumped down on the floor, once the door was blocked, but even though they managed to be safe now, it didn’t mean, they could stay here forever, they needed to get out and join with the other. 
It wouldn’t make any different for Lou if he fell into alpha Nolan’s hand, now they learned he had sided with the royal. 
"I will take that as a compliment..." Nala was breathing heavily, she sat down next to Lou. This must be her first labor work in her whole life, if you didn’t count harsh sex as one. 
"Now think of a way to get out of here alive," Lou commanded her. 
"What?!" Nala scrunched her nose and looked at the merchant with disdain. "You just told me to move this big cabinet and now you ask me to think also?!" She literally growled at him, something that she wouldn’t have done if this merchant was one of the men in her life. 
Lou literally commanded her to save his ass. 
"I am very tired, okay. I can’t think." Lou closed his eyes, sweat appeared on his forehead and he looked so pale. 
Despite his annoying personality, the sight of him right now made Nala softened a little bit. She was worried this merchant would die and she wouldn’t have someone to support her. Her life would be more miserable than this. 
"Okay, okay..." Nala held her throbbing head. She tried to think of a way to get out of this situation, she stood up and looked around, trying to find something, anything that could help them, even though she was not sure what she was looking for. "Wait what should we do...?" 
Meanwhile, outside of the room, they could hear how determined the two beasts to get them and inside the room, Lou’s eyes turned sharp, he looked around, as if he was waiting for something, as he kept rubbing the ring in his finger. 
Damn Sabian! He takes very long! I am going to haunt him for the rest of his life if I died here! 
For a moment, Lou was reminded of that man that look like Alan, but obviously it was not him, since he could use magic. Shifter couldn’t use magic! 
Who was that? 
============================= 
It was Zale, who initiated the first attack, while the rest of the warriors around him were flabbergasted upon seeing what just happened before their eyes. 
The young boy pulled his hand away from Iris when she loosened up a little bit and then shifted into his beast, which snapped them out of their shocked and the fight broke out. 
Technically speaking, they were being outnumbered, but somehow, it was easy enough for them to kill their enemy, even Zale managed to kill one. 
Meanwhile, Aliana stayed close to Iris, just in case there was a beast that managed to escape from the protection of the warriors, in this position, it allowed her to observe Iris a little bit more closely and she was sure, the luna had something to do with how easy their enemy were killed. 
Something was off with the way she watched everything unfolded before her eyes without even blinking. Aliana used to know her as a timid person and hated violence, but right now, Iris looked very indifferent... 
It didn’t take long before they managed to kill the fifteen beasts, especially when Joel and Finn joined in. 
"What’s going on here? Weren’t they the warrior from Diandem pack," Finn asked, bent his body politely toward the luna. 
"Luna, are you, okay?" Joel immediately approached Iris to see if she was harmed. "You look a little bit pale. 
"It’s okay, I am fine," Iris said gently, she smiled to reassure the young warrior. He got even taller now. 
"Let’s go, we need to move now." Zephyr shifted into his human form and Reed took his role to stay in his beast form. 
"Why don’t you go also?" Iris asked when she saw Joel and Finn fell back, she held Zale’s hand tightly again now, afraid this young boy would run off again like before. 
"We- we will go after you," Joel replied, a little bit stumbling with his words. 
"Why don’t we go together?" Iris insisted and saw the reluctance in their eyes, but it was Aliana, who let her knew. 
"They are tasked to protect Sofia and her baby, luna. It will be inconvenience for you if the two of you in the same place. 
As if on cue, they heard a soft cry from a baby.
###Chapter 657: A GOOD KARMA FOR HER BABY
Chapter 657: A GOOD KARMA FOR HER BABY
Joel and Finn were well aware of what happened between Iris and Sofia, everyone from the Howling Wolf pack knew about this. 
That was why, Finn told Sofia to hide behind a tree, before joined the fight earlier with Joel. The only enemy around them were the fifteen warriors from Diandem pack, based on that Finn and Joel felt find to leave Sofia and the baby for a while, after all the target was not them. 
If they were not being stopped by Grory and Argean, they wouldn’t have met with each other, but now they were here, Iris could choose whether she was willing to see Sofia and the baby or she could go ahead first and avoid them. 
The soft cry from the baby filled the air and Iris touched her stomach out of instinct. She would be a mother too and it felt really ridiculous if she risked their life for being petty. 
"No, let’s go together. Call her over." Iris was not sure what she felt right now, it felt what happened in the Howling Wolf pack happened for so long time ago and she had nothing but indifferent. 
Yet, the only reason for her to let Sofia joined her group, probably because, no matter what, the baby was innocent and the little one was Redmond’s and despite her feeling toward Sofia, Iris didn’t want to harm innocent baby and Redmond’s flesh and blood, the baby was his firstborn and Iris knew how important a firstborn for a shifter. 
Not to mention there was Joel. Iris wanted to make sure Joel and Finn were fine. 
"Are you sure, luna?" Joel asked, a little bit reluctant. "We can..." 
Iris shook her head and cut his sentence. "We need to move quickly, right? Let’s go, it will be dangerous if we stay here for long." 
"Oh, okay. Alright." Joel and Finn nodded, the two of them went to where Sofia was hiding and returned not long after with her and the baby. 
This must be the first time for Iris to see Sofia again and to see Redmond’s baby. From what she heard, Sofia gave birth to a baby boy and she could see how his red hair peeked from his swaddle. The sight of the baby softened her heart. 
Meanwhile, Aliana watched the change on Iris’s expression and now she was starting to doubt herself, whether she saw it wrong. The way Iris smirked earlier, as if she was enjoying the pain that happened to Argean and Grory. Was it her? Did she the one, who had done it? Did she the one, who had inflicted the pain? 
One thing for sure, Iris was not shocked at all to see the two warriors suddenly wailed in pain and bled profusely, even when no one touched them. 
Black magic. 
Did the luna really use black magic? But, that was not possible. She was not a magic user... no. She had the strange ability, which was on par with a magic user. Did she really do that? 
The other warriors had the same question like Aliana, but they couldn’t voice it out because there were more important things they had to do and focus on right now. They put aside their curiosity and weird feeling regarding what happened earlier, because right now they needed to guard the luna to the safety. 
On the other hand, Sofia kept her head down, she didn’t dare to meet with Iris’s eyes, as she kept her baby close to her chest. She was very quiet, as they proceeded to go through this secret passageway. 
She knew enough to stay as far away from Iris as possible. 
======================== 
"What is that? What is that sound? Why do they stop?" Nala came closer toward Lou, she was listening the sudden silence behind the door. Those warriors that had been trying to barge into the room, abruptly stopped their attempt. 
"Help me up," Lou said, he stretched out his hand, asking Nala to pull him up, so he could stand up. 
"You are very heavy!" Nala protested, but she helped him anyway. Lou then pulled her away from the door and not long after, the cabinet moved on its own. "What is that? How it happened? We need to stop..." 
"No. Stay." Lou kept Nala by his side and he was breathing heavily. Dang it! Cane should have created a better plan than this! 
Not long after, the cabinet was completely moved aside and Sabian entered the room. "Master! I am sorry for being late. It is hard to locate you!" But then, his eyes fell on Nala and he went quiet. 
For a moment, Nala tried to comprehend this and finally it clicked on her mind. "You are a sorcerer?" She couldn’t believe it. She had spent time long enough with Sabian, but the idea of him to be a sorcerer had never crossed her mind. 
Nala then shifted her attention toward Lou beside her and blinked her eyes when she saw how calm he was. "You knew about this. You knew he is a sorcerer." This was not a question, but a statement. 
"He has been tailing me for decades, I will be a fool if I don’t know he is not a sorcerer," Lou replied lazily. 
Hearing that, Sabian wanted to cry. Tailing him? Why his master made it sounded like he was a puppy? More so, he was not the only sorcerer in this room, just because Lou was too exhausted to use magic and he currently doesn’t have magic stone in his possession, it wouldn’t discount the fact he was a magic user himself. 
"We need to leave now, the warriors from Winter Moon pack have been fighting to take control this place, it will not take them so long to finally get what they wanted." Sabian came over and took Lou’s weigh from Nala, helped them to move a little bit faster. They needed to reach the secret passageway before this place was completely sealed. 
"Where is Iris?" Lou’s first concern was her. He wanted to make sure Cane’s plan worked well on his mate. 
"I think the luna has been escorted right away to the safety. She has seven personal warriors with her and the lady that attend to her, I heard, is a good fighter too." 
Nala’s eyes dimmed when she heard that. Why Lou would care about Iris? She was not even his woman and that woman didn’t care about him, but why he was being very concern about her well being? Why the two men she had interested in was having a strong feeling about that runt? 
Nala couldn’t hold back her bitterness, she was appalled by how Lou and Cane cared so much about that woman. What quality that Iris had that she didn’t? Why she always became a second thought? 
"Make sure to treat your wound," Lou said suddenly to Nala, as he nodded at the blood on her forehead. "I don’t want to see scar there." 
Nala wiped the blood and touched her head. "You don’t need to worry about that. My healing ability has taken care of it." Nala was being a little bit snippy with Lou. "That’s a good thing to be a shifter." 
Lou ignored her comment and tone, as he glanced at her forehead and nodded. "Good." 
Somehow, Nala noticed how Lou hated to see scar, probably that was why the merchant had never really been in a good term with Cane and he couldn’t stand the sight of him for long. 
=========================== 
When Iris and the other arrived at first checkpoint, they met with four merchants, who had dealt with Cane and Lou about the grain. Their expression looked very ashen. From what Iris learned, they had been wanting to leave Diandem pack before this battle broke out, but Cane didn’t allow them, just in case they would write another letter to cancel everything and backed out from their deal. 
That was something that possible to happen and Lou agree with that decision, since he admitted himself without any trace of shame at all that it would be something he would do if he were in their shoes. 
"So, the luna is here finally, we can move now, right?" one of the merchants said in sarcastic tone when he saw Iris. He arrived in this checkpoint first and they needed to wait for Iris before they could go to Bloody Wolf pack. 
"Watch your mouth," Zephyr growled, all of them were not in a good mood at this moment and the murky sky didn’t help at all. It was very depressing without any sunlight for days. When this strange phenomenon would stop? 
Zale helped Iris to enter her carriage, but before that, she realized there were only two carriages. 
"She will be in the same carriage with me?" Iris asked Aliana. She sat down comfortably inside. This carriage was the one they took from the Riverside pack and Haco had put spell around it, so the conversation from inside wouldn’t be able to be heard for the people outside. 
"No, Luna, she will wait for her carriage." Aliana glanced through the window. "I think they are a little bit late." She knew who ’she’ Iris referred to. 
"It meant, Joel and Finn will stay behind with her?" 
"Yes, the two of them were assigned to protect her and the baby." Aliana nodded. She felt a little bit worried because the carriage for Sofia should be here, but they couldn’t see it. 
"Ask her to come inside," Iris said. 
"Pardon me?" Aliana was surprised. 
"This carriage is spacious enough for her and the baby." Iris didn’t want to repeat this. She still strongly disliked Sofia, thinking she was coveting her mate, but this was not the time for that. 
Aliana was surprised when she heard that. For Iris to be the one, who suggested the idea, knowing what Sofia had put her through when she was in the Howling Wolf pack, Aliana felt she saw another side of her luna that people had to know. 
She must have seen it wrongly when she saw the way Iris smirked earlier. 
"Are you sure, luna?" Aliana wanted to make sure that Iris was really fine with her decision. "You don’t need to do that. Her carriage will be here." 
"I am fine, call her inside. We need to leave immediately right?" Iris was worried about Cane, she prayed he would be fine. He promised her that he would be fine and he had everything under his control. 
Iris didn’t know the detail of his plan, since he didn’t want to share it with her, but whatever it was, she really hoped it would work. 
"Don’t be too kind." Aliana tried to persuade her. "You don’t need to sacrifice your own comfort for her." 
In this cruel world, being too kind could be a double edge dagger for you. It could be a strength, but it could harm you too. 
Iris caressed her stomach. "I know." She smiled gently. "I invite her inside not because I have forgotten what happened..." After all, Sofia believed she was carrying Cane’s baby at that time. "I only wish I can accumulate a good karma for my baby." In her mind, she was simply helping a helpless baby. 
Aliana understood, she bit her lip when she watched the way Iris caressed her stomach gently and the softness in her eyes. She knew how it felt.... 
"Okay." 
Aliana then came out of the carriage and informed Joel and Finn that Sofia could come inside the carriage with the luna. 
"Are you sure? Luna said that?" Finn was also surprised. He glanced at Sofia, who was listening to their conversation. She had been very anxious, because she wanted to leave. She was afraid there were being ambushed like before and they harmed her baby. 
"Yes, let’s move quickly," Aliana said, she beckoned Sofia to follow her. 
Sofia looked hesitated, but then she didn’t have another choice.
###Chapter 658: HEARTBROKEN LIL THING
Chapter 658: HEARTBROKEN LIL THING
The letter that Redmond supposed to deliver to alpha Colter from the Red Claw pack, was in lady Cyan’s hand right now. This letter contained with some important detail about how Cane would counter the attack from the royal warriors. 
Lady Cyan sat down on the head table, while alpha Gallot stood in front of her, waiting for her instruction. 
There was no one else inside this room, but the two of them and silence that had lingered in the air was a little bit uncomfortable. 
Alpha Gallot heard what happened in the Howling Wolf pack and the rumor about how lady Cyan had killed the king with black magic. The king’s body couldn’t be found, because the monster from the Goffa Mountain had devoured his remains. 
It was a horrendous thing to hear, especially for a sovereign like king Aeon, to have his life ended in such cruel way. There was no ceremony for him as well, because after that, the power struggle started almost right away. 
Alpha Gallot was not really sure what was going on, but the thing was; lady Cyan held so much power now, despite anything and no one could confirm whether she was indeed a black magic user or not. She looked as calm as ever, but this calmness reached the point, it was very disturbing. Her presence was intimidating and demanding your full respect and attention. 
"Bring your warrior to aid the warrior from Golden Light pack." Lady Cyan put down the letter and lifted her head to look at alpha Gallot. "Bring that man with you too." 
’That man’ that lady Cyan indicated was Redmond. He accepted lady Cyan’s offer and now he would work to destroy Cane and all the pack in the south. 
Lady Cyan then scribbled something and handed it over to alpha Gallot. "Tell him to bring this letter as a reply from alpha Colter to Cane." 
Alpha Gallot lifted his brows. He smirked viciously. Now they knew Cane’s movement and his trusted man betrayed him, they could play with his strategy and messed things up for Cane and Red Claw pack, since they were the only people, who stood in their way. 
Winter Moon pack had turned their back against them and no matter how cunning alpha Nolan was, he couldn’t play both sides again. 
"Are we going to raid the south?" Alpha Gallot’s eyes glinted. 
"Yes." Lady Cyan had planned everything and weighed pros and cons of the situation. Since the Serafim was here and the knights from the Holy Kingdom would arrive at the harbor in Winter Moon pack, it would be better if they were going all out and handled Cane and the south first. That man had been a scourge. 
But before that, of course, lady Cyan would expose him first. He was the lycan. 
Her master told her not to kill Cane, because he was the one, who would deal with him. Lady Cyan was not sure how he would handle it, but she had no doubt, Cane was dead the moment her master set his eyes on him. 
The lycan was a cursed creature after all, probably by extracting him from Cane, Decratic would gain more power. If her father only managed to halfway do the job, her master would definitely be able to finish it. 
Cane, Iris and the Serafim... Decratic would deal with these three people. 
"Kill everyone, but let Redmond hands over Cane by himself to prove his loyalty." Lady Cyan’s plan was clear. She was going all out and brought a full war to Cane and his people. 
Even if he had the lycan, he wouldn’t be able to handle such scale of war. 
Lady Cyan was not war strategist, but seeing their current situation and how they had an upper hand against this alpha, even a child knew how to play this game. 
This was an absolute win for them. 
============================== 
"Shift! Or they will be killed!" 
Arthur and Mal shifted into their human form and growled at the warrior from the Winter Moon pack, they were being surrounded and couldn’t manage to reach the secret passageway when a dozen warriors caught up to them. 
Abel, the five years old boy from the orphanage had his tender neck between a wolf fangs, he was crying because of the pain, while one warrior in his human form, raised the baby from the orphanage above his head, he was ready to throw the baby girl to the ground. Another warrior held the two years old girl from the orphanage by her neck, she was suffocated, her face had turned blue, as she struggled to breath. 
Meanwhile, Joyce, Celia and Leena were crying out of fear for the the other two children. 
"Release them!" Arthur snarled. Nea didn’t move now, her little body hang limply in the air, while the warrior still held his tight grip around her neck. 
"Put her down! You kill her!" Mal roared viciously, he wanted to go and kill the warrior, who held Nea, but if he moved, there would be another warrior, who snatched one of the girls and probably they wouldn’t hesitate to kill the other two. 
It was only Arthur and Mal, who survived this, while the other three warriors with them had died during the battle. 
Meanwhile, Haco was sitting on the ground, quietly. He seemed not to be able to comprehend the situation and stared at them blankly. He had completely lost his mind at this point. 
"Put her down, you bastard!" Arthur growled. "Put her down!" 
They should have been able to reach the secret passageway if it was not for Haco, who threw a tantrum and wanted to go back to get his precious pocket. They didn’t know what that damn pocket was, but this old sorcerer runaway from them to get his precious thing, which he forgot to bring in the first place. 
Celia told them it might be magic stones, because she had never seen what was inside, since Haco not allowed her. 
Only if they had dragged that old sorcerer, they wouldn’t meet with this situation! Arthur and Mal threw a nasty look toward him, while Haco was not aware with the hatred that was hurled at his direction. 
"Do you want me to put her down? Fine." The warrior loosened his grip and Nea’s body dropped to the ground lifelessly. 
"Nea!!!" 
"Arrgh!" 
"NOO!!!" 
Celia, Joyce and Leena cried harder when they saw Nea didn’t move. They could see bruises started to form around her neck. 
The three of them wanted to reach the poor little girl, but Mal held them back. It could be them next if he let these children came closer to the warriors. 
"Ops. I think I accidentally killed her." The warrior nudged Nea’s body with his feet, but she didn’t move at all. She didn’t let out a whimper or anything that indicating what he said was not true. She died. 
Mal and Arthur felt this anger in their heart, their whole body was shaking because of how upset they were. 
They hated this warrior from the Winter Moon pack, they were as bad as their alpha, but it didn’t mean, they didn’t hate Haco. If the old sorcerer was not crazy enough to get the things he forgot, they wouldn’t be in this situation. The innocent child would still be alive now, so did the three warriors. 
Their life wouldn’t be in danger! 
"Let go of the other two!" Mal growled at them. "You promised not to hurt them!" 
"Did I?" the warrior asked in mocking tone. "I have never said that, right?" he asked around to his fellow nasty warriors and they gave him the answer he wanted to hear, while laughing. 
"Do you really want this baby?" the warrior, who held the baby asked, laughing viciously. "Come and get it!" 
Before their eyes, they watched the baby was being hurled across the garden. As if it was not cruel enough, the warrior actually aimed a tree. He wanted to smash the baby against that tree and all of the warriors found this funny. 
Everything happened so fast and neither Arthur nor Mal had time to process it, let alone to do something to help the baby. Even if they could, they were too late. They wouldn’t be able to reach the baby in time. 
All they could hear was the baby’s cry helplessly, her face turned, her tiny hands grabbed the air, looking for comfort. 
Her cry would forever scar them for life and the only thing Arthur and Mal could do was to cover the other three children’s eyes from witnessing the horrifying sight when the little one’s body collided against the tree. 
However, before the worst could happen, they saw a flash of white and before the baby could make a collision against the tree, something big and fluffy cushion the impact and caught the little one in time. 
Lil Thing slumped its back against the tree, while holding the baby in his big arms, putting her on its stomach. 
A single glance from this sight, one might thing this huge creature would have crushed the little one with its big arms, but if you looked closely, the baby was unharmed. 
The little one snuggled against the fluffy bear and eventually stopped crying when she felt the warmth. 
"Lil Thing!" Celia cheered to see the white bear, so did the other children. 
However, their happiness didn’t last for long, because of what happened, the beast, who had captured Abel, crushed his neck. Blood spurted out from the poor little boy and Arthur and Mal didn’t have time to cover the sight from the three children. 
They watched this horrendous sight, but there was no scream, there was no tear, they were trembling greatly and started to hyperventilating. 
"Don’t look, don’t look!" Arthur said in panic, as he blocked their sight, but it was too late. They wouldn’t be able to unsee what they already saw. 
Meanwhile, the white bear put down the baby on the ground and rushed toward the beast, who had killed baby Abel. He was only five and in his short life he had fought and survived in the orphanage, but now the imbecile had taken his life. 
Three beasts came toward Lil Thing, but they were not fast enough and the beast, who had killed Abel didn’t stand a chance to fight an angry beast like Lil Thing, as it easily ripped his hind legs and maimed his limbs. 
The three beasts halted and watched in horror when their fellow warrior was literally being shredded into pieces by this white bear. 
The beast shifted into his human form and whimpered, asking for help, yet none of his fellow warrior was brave enough to come closer. The way Lil Thing attacked this warrior was very brutal, this kind of atrocity was something they had never witnessed before. 
The warrior was still asking for help when Lil Thing skinned him alive, by this time, he had lost his arms and legs, but his healing ability kept him alive to endure this excruciating pain. Only when the warrior was no longer moving and there was no more skin on his body, Lil Thing ripped off his head and threw it away. 
Its white fur coated in red and the sight of this creature was truly dreadful. The ferocity it showed was something that could make anyone saw it felt the cold to their core. 
Once it was done with the warrior, the white bear approached Abel’s body and nudged him, as if by doing so, it could get its little friend back, but unfortunately, the wound on Abel’s neck was too severe and he was too young, his healing ability was not yet developed well. 
After that, Lil Thing whined and moved toward Nea’s body, it did the same, nudging her body and let out small whimper because its little friend didn’t move. 
Lil Thing licked her face and nudged her body again, still, no response.
###Chapter 659: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY
Chapter 659: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY
Thankfully, Arthur and Mal covered the children’s eyes, because what Lil Thing did next was something that would forever haunt the children. They might end up to fear the white bear if they witnessed this. 
Arthur and Mal had never seen with their own eyes how ferocious Lil Thing could be, they only heard about it and thought those people were exaggerating, since they witnessed how silly the bear was and how gentle the creature with the little one. Not even once, it did something to harm the children, no matter what they did to it. 
The children whimpered against Arthur and Mal with their eyes close, while Haco sat down on the ground, watching the whole thing, without any change on his expression whatsoever. 
But, because of the commotion, there were more warriors came and Lil Thing wouldn’t be able to fight them all simultaneously without any help. 
"We can’t stay here!" Arthur said, he looked around and currently, they were about to be surrounded. There would be no way for them to leave this place once it happened. "Get the children to the secret passageway and I will get the baby and Haco!" 
Mal did what Arthur told him, he asked the children to close their eyes and keep it that way until he said otherwise, because he didn’t want them to see this horrendous sight. 
Meanwhile, Arthur got the baby and grabbed Haco’s hand, forced the old sorcerer to stand up and ran. "Lil Thing, let’s go!" 
Arthur tried to get the white bear’s attention, but it only glanced at him and let out a low growl, before it charged forward, where he had to fight ten to fifteen more beasts, which happily ripped every inch of its body, where they could get their fangs or claws of. 
This was a hard decision, but he had no other choice, when Arthur turned around and left the white bear. He had the baby in his arm and this old sorcerer with him, he had to make sure they survived and get to the safe place. 
"Where is Lil Thing?" Celia asked, because she heard its growls was getting further away. "Where is Lil Thing?" She opened her eyes and looked around, but she couldn’t find it, yet before they entered the forest, she caught a sight of it. 
Lil Thing had around five beasts on its back, tried to chew it alive, while he fought more beasts, which tried to take it down. 
"No! Lil Thing!" Celia cried, but Mal caught her hand and dragged her away. 
"We need to leave!" 
============================= 
"I can’t believe I am in this kind of situation!" Nala hissed disdainfully. 
Currently, Lou, Nala and Sabian were inside a water tunnel, as they were so desperate to find a way out from this stinky place. 
Lou glared at Sabian, who stared at his own fingers timidly. "But, this is a perfect place..." he said in low voice. 
And for the first time Lou and Nala were on the same page, as they replied to him angrily. "This is not!" 
"I have never been in this nasty place!" Nala growled in frustration. She had never been so dirty like this, if you didn’t count being with so many men because they lusted her and became the previous king’s sex slave as one, then she indeed lived in luxury. 
"Argh! My cloak! This is stinky!" 
Sabian could only heave a deep sigh, in this matter, the two of them were very similar. They were very sophisticated to say the least. 
No wonder, despite their bickering, they actually got along well. 
"But, this smell will cover our scent from the shifters..." Sabian tried to defend himself, he felt very wronged by the two of them when he had tried his best to keep them alive. 
He found this water tunnel when he roamed around the area and got down here once because of curiosity. He was actually surprised because this water tunnel was actually very well built, but he had not yet gotten a chance to explore. He only knew, it would lead them out of the pack house, since they couldn’t go to the two secret passageways, since those exits had been blocked. 
"Shut up!" Lou and Nala shouted at Sabian, rendered the latter speechless. 
"If you don’t run away, we have been out of this pack, you know..." Sabian grumbled under his breath. 
"What did you say?" Lou narrowed his eyes at him, but Sabian immediately shook his head. 
"No- nothing." 
The three of them kept going, following the current water. 
They were tired, hungry and stinky. The only thing that illuminated their path was the luminous pear in Sabian’s hands. 
Tiring from bickering and complaining, Lou and Nala finally shut up and walked in low spirit. 
Meanwhile Clad and Leros, who supposed to look for Lou, were being caught by the Winter Moon warriors and right now, they were sitting in the pack square, along with the other pack member of Diandem pack. They tried to keep lowkey, because once these warriors knew they were the member of Howling Wolf pack, they wouldn’t be treated so nicely, as to sit among people in the open area, while the rain poured down on them. 
"Look," Leros said, he nudged Clad’s shoulder and nodded at his right side, where they could see four warriors dragged something big and placed it in front of them. "Is that... the white bear?" 
Clad narrowed his eyes. "I think so." He frowned so hard when he saw the condition of that creature. It must have gone through the nastiest fight. "Is it... dead?" 
============================ 
Black rain started pouring down again from the dark sky and Iris could hear the pitter patter of the water that hit the roof of the carriage she was in. 
Iris hugged herself and covered her body with warm blanket, she couldn’t afford to get sick right now. 
She needed to look after herself more carefully, but she missed Cane so bad. She wanted to hear how he was and how thing was in the battle field. She prayed so hard, everything would go as he had planned. 
She promised herself to keep their baby safe, therefore, she stopped protesting to stay, because finally she understood that she was not only put herself at risk, but also their baby in danger. 
Therefore, all she could do was to trust Cane’s judgment and didn’t burden him by worrying about her when there were a lot of things he needed to think and do right now. It was a critical moment. 
Iris snapped back from her reverie when she heard the baby was crying softly and Sofia was woken up, she tried to calm her baby and breastfed him. 
"What is his name?" Iris asked. 
Aside from the two of them and the baby, there was Aliana, who was sleeping at the corner in sitting position. She looked very tired, while out there, Iris could see Joel, Zephyr, Eron and Dyne in their beast’s form, their beasts were a silhouette in this foggy black rain. 
Meanwhile, Reed and Asher sat on the front, they controlled the horses, acted as a coachman. Kian and Otis were sitting at the back of the carriage. 
"Rye," Sofia replied, her expression looked worried, as she checked on her baby. She still avoided Iris’s eyes.
"Beautiful name," Iris said. "It must be you, who gave him the name." 
"No. It’s Redmond." Sofia blinked her eyes. She masked her worry for that man very well, even though every time she saw their baby, she prayed that he would be safe, though she didn’t want to admit it and she stared at her baby almost all the time. 
"I am surprised he could come up with a beautiful name," Iris said. 
"He suggested Redmond Junior at first," Sofia replied, her eyes slightly turned gentle when she talked about him. 
It seemed there was this tacit understanding between them. Sofia knew Iris had already known about the father of her baby, since the very beginning and the reason why she was not informed earlier. 
All the schemes and traps that those alphas had against one another was very sickening. In a way Sofia could understand that. She didn’t hold Jemma’s death over Iris’s head as well, because she realized she was not that sad about losing her anymore. 
Probably, living as alpha Gallot’s mistress and witnessed countless servants like Jemma died, deep down, made Sofia accepted the servants were only good when they were useful, after that, other people could replace them, even though they had been together for years. Life was cruel and harsh for women in order to survive. 
"I like Redmond Junior," Iris said and for the first time, Sofia lifted her head and gave her a disapproving look, but then she lowered her head again and stared at her baby, the little one was being fussy and refused to be breastfed. 
"What happened?" Iris could see the concern in Sofia’s eyes. 
"I think he gets fever," Sofia mumbled, she placed her hand over his head a few times and she was sure, her baby got fever. His body temperature was slightly warm than usual. 
Unfortunately, Grace didn’t come with them, because the moment they got the signal to leave, someone had escorted Grace to the frontline, because her healing ability would be extremely demanded there. 
"Come here, give me the baby. I think I can help." Iris stretched out her hand, but Sofia looked at her for the second times, this time a little bit longer. "You don’t really think I will harm the baby, right?" Iris frowned. 
"I didn’t say that..." Sofia mumbled and lowered her head again, but she didn’t give the baby to Iris and she didn’t want to pursue the matter. 
If Sofia wanted to give the baby and let Iris tried, she would give the little one to her, but if she didn’t believe Iris enough to hold the baby, it was fine with her. 
The baby started crying now and no matter what Sofia did, there was nothing that could comfort him. 
"What happened?" Aliana rubbed her eyes sleepily. "Why the baby is crying?" She stared at Rye worriedly. Afraid if the baby was injured or something. 
"I don’t know." Sofia shook her head. 
"Hungry?" 
"I have tried to breastfeed him, but he doesn’t want and keep crying. I think he has a fever." 
Aliana moved closer to Sofia and check on the baby. She was right, the baby was having a fever. "He has a fever," Aliana confirmed that. 
This time, Sofia looked at Iris again and was hesitated when she spoke. "Can you... help my baby?" She felt very awkward to talk with Iris and Aliana frowned, because she didn’t show the respect Iris deserved after what she had done for her and the baby. 
On the other hand, Iris didn’t care much about it, this was not the first time, her effort went unnoticed, she had handled the worst case of ungrateful people and what Sofia did, didn’t even touch the surface of it. 
Iris stretched out her arms again to get the baby, this time, Sofia handed her son to the luna and Aliana had this conflicted feeling. Iris was too kind for her own good, but then she couldn’t hope for the luna to be petty when it came to an innocent baby. 
Iris held the baby closed to her chest and she saw Redmond’s firstborn for the first time. He looked like the replica of his father, especially how they shared their red hair, seeing this, Iris wanted to chuckle, but then she let out her healing power. She had a good grip of her power now and could use it as she liked, the same thing like how she strangled the wolf spirit, she could do it as easy as breathing now. 
However, the carriage suddenly stopped and they heard vicious growls from outside.
###Chapter 660: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (2)
Chapter 660: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (2)
"This creature is still breathing!" One of the warriors informed the other, as he kicked the body of the white bear so hard. Its white fur had turned dark in color, coated by countless blood of the fallen warriors it had killed and its own blood. 
"This thing had killed so many our people before it could be taken down! Shit!" Another warrior kicked Lil Thing as well, but the big bear didn’t budge. 
"I thought this silly bear could only droll and sleep." 
Winter Moon pack’s warriors had not been around for long to know Lil Thing and what this silly creature was capable to do. 
"Seventy six," One of the warriors growled and spat on the white bear. "It killed seventy six warriors from our pack and injured dozen of them. We are going to skin this monster alive." 
"No. Alpha Nolan wanted to see it. He is interested with this creature," another warrior chimed in. 
And there were more in their conversation that Leros and Clad listened to it dutifully. They kept their head low, just like the rest of the pack member of Diandem pack, who were being gathered in the pack square. They needed to squeeze their body against one another under this black rain and cold wind. 
They were no longer sure, whether this was day or night. They lost track of time. 
"Why there is still no reaction?" Leros asked Clad in low voice. He watched one of the warriors from the Winter Moon pack closely and knew there was no sign whatsoever. "It supposed to be seen around this time." 
"Let’s wait a little bit longer, I think we didn’t time it correctly." Clad pushed Leros’s head down when one of the warriors walked past them. "Maybe they didn’t have the same reaction." 
"Honestly, I am not sure if it will work. Don’t you think the alpha believed in that senile sorcerer so much?" 
"I heard he is good before he turned senile." 
And with that, their conversation was cut short, because they couldn’t risk to be exposed in this situation. Alpha Nolan would only keep the pack member of Diandem pack as hostage, but of course, he would do more if he figured out there was pack member of Cane. 
However, Leros and Clad were not the only people, who listened to the conversation among the warriors about what they were going to do with the white bear, because under the water tunnel, behind small bars on the ground, that used as a drainage, three people listened to the same thing. 
"Master, they caught Lil Thing." Sabian widened his eyes when he saw the white bear. He knew his master had given the furball to the luna and would complain about its existence all the time, but he himself had raised the creature, since it was only a size of a palm. 
Nala glanced at Lou, his expression was unreadable and she didn’t dare to disturb his line of thought. Fortunately, she knew when to stop. 
"Master, should we..." Sabian lost his voice when Lou gave him the coldest glare, which shut him up before he could finish his sentence. He felt like his heart went on his throat. 
"How many magic stone do you have?" Lou asked coldly. 
"Two. One water magic stone and the other earth magic stone." 
Two was not enough to create portal and more so, earth magic stone was weaker than the other magic stones, especially when Lou’s element was fire, his magic element didn’t suit well with earth magic stone, though he still could use it, but but it was hard to reach its potential, since he was the opposite element. 
"Are you going to rescue that bear?" Nala asked. She was slightly taken aback when Lou threw a sharp look at her. "With what? Exchanging the magic stones?" 
"Not now, Nala. Don’t complain about this." 
"I am not." Nala swallowed back her complain. The look on Lou’s expression was very terrifying, she looked for death if she was trying to piss him off right now. This was not the time for that. 
"Give me those damn stones!" Lou said sharply to Sabian, who hastily handed the stones to his master. 
"Master, what are you going to do? You can’t fight them all." Sabian stole a glance at Nala, who stared at Lou with a frown between her brows. She was not yet aware about the fact that Lou was a magic user too. 
Sabian knew his master very well. He hated to be labeled as magic user and only a handful people, who knew about this identity of him. 
There were so many layers on him that made it hard to understand this man, even after he spent years followed him. 
=========================== 
"Can you shift into beast already?" Arthur asked Celia and Joyce. Usually, shifter would be able to shift into their beast form around the age of nine, the earliest it could be when they were seven years old, but it was a very rare occasion. 
Alpha Cane himself shifted for the first time when he was eight years old, a year early than anyone around his age. 
"I can," Celia replied. 
"No..." Joyce shook her head sadly. 
Meanwhile, Leena was only seven by this time, so there was a high chance she couldn’t shift too. 
"Fine. " Arthur nodded. "Joyce, hold the baby, okay? I will carry you two with me and Celia, you can run in your beast, but stay close with us." 
Celia nodded. 
While Arthur carried the two children, Mal would carry Haco. He handed the baby to Joyce, despite how young she was, she could hold the baby just fine. 
Their carriage had been destroyed and the warriors that waited for them had been killed brutally. Therefore, if they wanted to go out of this place as soon as possible, this was the only way for them. 
Arthur, Mal and Celia shifted into their beasts and because the young girl was only recently able to shift, she took a little bit longer to fully in her beast form. 
Arthur, in his beast form, lowered his body so Joyce and Leena could climb on top of him. They were still crying because they lost the other two children and Lil Thing didn’t come with them. 
They survived the orphanage, but when they thought, they were safe and there was no more harm befell on them, this happened. Joyce was the saddest, because she was the one, who took care of all of them when they thrived to live in the middle of the chaotic situation in the capital city. 
But now, when they finally had hope, it was ripped off their hand brutally. They were not being safe at all. They still could die and no one could really protect them. 
Joyce felt these grievances in her heart. She was very young, but she already tasted the cruelty of this world. The only thing she was glad of was her sister was with prince Kellan. She would be safe and have a comfortable place to live. She missed her sister so much, she looked for the day when they could meet with each other again... 
========================== 
"What is that?" Sofia was stiffened, she crept closer to her baby, which meant, she was moving right next to Iris without her realized it. 
"Stay in the carriage, I will check outside," Aliana said, as she jumped out of the carriage. 
"What happened out there?" Sofia couldn’t hold back her curiosity and peeked through the window, but this black rain obscured her sight and the only thing she could figure out was; there was something, or someone blocked their way. "I hope this is not a monster... or Winter Moon pack warrior." 
On the other hand, Iris was extremely quiet, she held the baby tightly, but her eyes were not focus. She felt this mixed feeling that left her restless. She couldn’t even hear what Sofia was trying to say to her, her ears rang painfully and this restlessness turned into a dreadful feeling, which gradually grew stronger. 
Iris was not sure what would happen or what was going on out there, but if she could, she wanted to go away from this place as soon as possible. She didn’t want to deal with whoever that was, who had stopped their carriage. 
"What happened with you?" Sofia frowned when she watched how pale Iris was. She held her baby so tightly, which made her worried. "Give me back my baby." She took her baby from Iris’s arms, thankfully, she didn’t fight her for this and miraculously, Rye was no longer crying and sleeping right now. 
It seemed, whatever Iris was doing to him, worked. The fever had subsided too. 
"Are you, okay?" Sofia nudged Iris’s shoulder. She was still uncomfortable in speaking term with Iris, but was slightly worried about how pale her face was. 
But at that time, they could hear some people called the king. It was the sound of the four merchants, but Sofia was not sure, since the sound of rain that hit the carriage roof confused it. 
"The king? King Alan?" Sofia frowned, she held her baby close to her chest. "Did the royal manage to catch us?" 
Sofia was well aware that Cane was working on favor of the Red Claw pack and he was not in a good term with then prince Alan, but right now, he was here? Did he bring the royal warriors with him too? 
Would he kill them all if he caught them? Were they going to die?
###Chapter 661: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (3)
Chapter 661: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (3)
The ominous feeling that Iris felt thickened, it almost felt like the dark sky had turned even darker and the rain came down in torrents. 
For Sofia, she could hear the name of the king was being mentioned here and there, though she was not sure what the context of the conversation, but she knew the king was here. This heavy rain made it harder for her to know how many warriors that had been surrounded them. 
However, there was not yet a fight out there. Was that a good sign? Or the warriors that came with them had been killed silently? 
No way. No matter how great the royal warriors were, they wouldn’t be able to kill all the warrior from the Howling Wolf pack within a second and was being quiet when they did that. 
"What do you think happen out there?" Sofia asked Iris. She didn’t address her by her title, neither she called her by her name only, because she knew how inappropriate that was and because it was only the two of them inside the carriage, Iris must know she was talking to her, right? "Hey." 
Iris had been staring into the distance, but then her eyes turned sharp, as she lifted her head to look at Sofia, who immediately cowered away from her. "Stay in the carriage." 
"Wh- what? Where are you going?" Sofia grabbed her hand. "Aliana said to stay inside the carriage. You can’t go out." 
"You. Stay. Inside." Iris emphasized every word she said and this made Sofia released her hand, as if she burned her. 
"Okay." She hugged her baby and minded her own business. She wished they would be able to survive whatever it was. 
With that, Iris went out of the carriage and let the rain poured down on her body, it was colder than she expected, but she managed to keep walking. There was something not right. Everything was not right, but this time, it was very disturbing. 
"Luna, you need to go back to the carriage." Zale rushed behind her and tried to persuade her to go back to the carriage. "Don’t go out, luna, it’s dangerous. Let’s go back." But, because Iris didn’t pay attention to him, he grabbed her hand and tried to stop her from walking toward the commotion, near the first carriage, which the four merchants occupied. 
"Let me go, Zale." This was not the usual tone that Iris used when she talked with Zale, her voice was a little bit darker. 
"But..." Zale was hesitated, but when he loosened his grip on her hand, Iris immediately pulled her and continued walking away. The young boy followed closely to her. 
There, aside from Aliana, all of the warriors that escorted them had shifted into their beasts and the four merchants were kneeling down in front of the last person they thought, they would meet here, especially alone. 
It was Alan. 
"My king! It’s them! They are the one, who has captured us! We have nothing to do with this!" 
"They imprisoned us and demanded our grain!" 
"They didn’t let us go, they kept us like a prisoner!" 
"We have nothing to do with the fight between you and alpha Cane! We are not on his side! The alpha has robbed us!" 
It was predicted for a merchant like them to change their side whenever it was convenient for them to save their ass. It was not even surprising anymore. 
However, it was weird to see Alan was alone here. The fact he was here was already questionable. They all knew how coward this man was. There was no way he would come near the battlefield, let alone by himself. 
"Step back," Iris said, her eyes fixed on Alan, who lifted her head from the merchant, who begged him. The sight of them was akin to an amusement for him. 
"Luna, what are you doing here?!" Aliana asked, she was shocked to see Iris. The rain made her senses rendered useless. The sound of thunder was too loud and the noise from the rain made it harder to hear clearly, not to mention the fog limited their vision. 
Despite all that, Iris could see Alan’s eyes. Those eyes were eerily familiar. The sight that she had seen in the past, the look that could send chill down your spine. 
"Go back to the carriage!" 
"Step back!" 
Iris ignored Aliana’s warning, instead, she was talking to the four merchants. 
"Step back all of you!" Iris roared. This restless feeling amplified when she saw the look on Alan’s eyes. It was not him. Deep down she knew it was not him. 
"Luna, go back to the carriage!" Aliana tried to push Iris away. "Zale, take the luna back to the carriage!" 
Zale had tired and Iris didn’t want to go back. "Luna doesn’t want to go back," Zale said, despite how Aliana could be very scary when she was angry, the young boy didn’t step back. He took an order from Iris, not someone else. 
"Luna..." 
"He is not Alan," Iris said, she cut Aliana’s complain. 
"What?" Aliana furrowed her brows. "What do you mean?" 
"He is not Alan." Iris repeated what she said and this person that looked very similar like that coward man, smirked, wickedness clouded his red eyes, which only lasted for a second before it returned to its original color. "Decratic." 
Iris breathed heavily, she felt like someone just stabbed her heart when she said the name, as if it was forbidden for her and all the ominous feelings overwhelmed her, while fear gripped her heart. 
"What?" Aliana was not sure what Iris was talking about, because she didn’t have any idea about this. Only a handful people, who knew about it. "What is that?" 
Something that they thought was far from happening, but right now the past finally caught up to the present. 
The beasts surrounded Iris, put her in the middle of their protection, but their effort wouldn’t mean anything against this dark spirit. 
Iris could see it, his dark spirit. It was not the same like wolf spirit, but she could see it. It almost like black wisp that she saw came from Cane. The same black wisp that came from the lycan’s soul. 
Would it work the same? Could she simply strangle him and everything would be over? Was it as simple as that? There was no way it could be that simple, right? 
However, it gave some hope that she could do something against this creature. 
"You can tell..." Decratic sighed, seemingly relief that Iris could recognize him. "Long time no see, Na. I really missed you." 
"What he was talking about...?" Aliana mumbled to herself, she looked back and forth between Iris and the man that looked like Alan, and their exchange. 
"What do you want, Decratic?" 
Decratic tilted his head. "I see you have gotten Na’s memories... that’s great. I feel like I am really talking to her right now." He smiled harmlessly. "Those eyes... the hatred in your eyes, I really missed that. You looked at me that way when you destroyed me. The sight of your hatred was the last thing I saw." 
Iris stood there calmly, she let the rain washed over her and Na’s memories returned as clear as day. This time, it came back in more detail, as if seeing Decratic had triggered it. 
Despite the cold wind that whipped them, Iris didn’t tremble, she felt there was this warm blanket that covered her body, she felt someone touched her shoulder and whispered something to her ear, as white light emanated from her body, illuminated this dark forest, rendering everyone speechless. 
The four merchants had their jaws dropped to see this and the Zale was in awe, because this was the first time, he witnessed Iris’s power. 
In this dark forest, under the gloomy sky and this black rain, she was the only light. 
"You will be done for good this time," Iris said, her voice was clear and firm, this was not something she would say. 
Decratic’s smile widened when he witnessed this, as if he was also happy for Iris to be able to get a hold of Na’s power. The sight of it was familiar for Decratic. He stared at Iris, reminiscing some memories from long time ago. 
She was always be the light, no matter how dark it got. The light was always there, so did she. 
"That’s something Na would say." Decratic walked closer toward Iris and the nine beasts snarled at him to back off. 
Aliana immediately pushed Iris behind her back. She couldn’t care less about what kind of strange conversation they had earlier, because her first instinct right now was to protect Iris. 
"Scram." 
Decratic glanced at the beasts and all of them whimpered in pain. None of them were able to stand straight, let alone to fight, as if they were just being hit by a boulder and was in an extreme agony. 
What happened with them? 
The sight alarmed Aliana. "I am not sure what you are talking about, but this is not good, luna." She shook her head and glanced at Zale, who was standing next to her to protect the luna. 
Both of them wouldn’t be able to fight whatever creature this man that looked like Alan. 
The four merchants looked at each other, things had escalated to the point that they didn’t understand. Stealthily, they stood up and were about to run away when Decratic raised his hands and the four of them pulled out the daggers from their waist and slit their own throat. 
This happened very fast, it was hard to tell what was actually going on, until everything was too late and four dead bodies fell to the murky ground with a big wound on their necks. 
"Come here, Na." Decratic stretched out his hand toward Iris, the longing in his eyes was sickening. "I know the four of them meant nothing to you, but I can tell it is not the same thing to them." Decratic waved his hand to the nine beasts, which were still battling the agony in their head. "Come here, Na... I can fix you." 
"It’s not me, who needs to be fixed, Decratic." Iris pushed Aliana away from her, but she grabbed her hand. 
"No, Luna. Don’t." Aliana was being stern with Iris right now, the side that she had never seen before. 
"It’s okay, Aliana. He will not hurt me." Iris smiled at Aliana and then shifted her attention toward Decratic. "He can’t hurt me." 
"You know me so well, Na." Decratic smiled happily, probably this was the most genuine smile he had after he was being revived. "I will do everything for you." 
"And yet, you can’t do the one thing I want." 
"To leave you alone?" Decratic chuckled, he shook his head. "That will not do, Na. Our existence entangled with each other. There is no way I leave my other half." Decratic took a step forward again and this time, he waved his hand to make Aliana and Zale stayed away from his path toward Iris. "Come with me, Na, and there is no need to relive what happened five hundred years ago." 
Iris stared at Decratic’s stretched out hand and then glanced at Aliana and Zale, who were trying to breath, they held their neck, as if there was someone choked them. If this continued for long, they could die. 
"There is no need for war and all those sad things that you hate. Come with me and we will create the world you want." 
"That was what you said when you released infectious disease that killed hundred of thousand people five hundred years ago." 
Decratic frowned. "I did?" He stared at Iris innocently. "I think I have not yet regained all of my memories." 
You must be crazy if you thought you could trust the devil’s promise. They could go back on their words, twisted it and manipulated it.
###Chapter 662: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (4)
Chapter 662: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (4)
"Come with me and I will give you the world you want. Come with me and none of them will get hurt. Come with me and everything that you don’t need to feel the pain." Decratic stretched out his hand again for Iris to take. His red eyes showed obsession. "You don’t want to see what I can do in this lifetime too, Na." 
Iris stared at Decratic stretched out hand and took it. By this time, Zale’s face had turned very red and Aliana almost lost her consciousness, but she still tried to shake her head, indicating for Iris not to do that. 
In a long run, Cane’s plan to involve the Serafim and the Holy Kingdom in order to protect Iris was right. No matter how many warriors he put around her, it wouldn’t work, when the creature they faced was Decratic. 
As shifter, they didn’t have the capacity to counter the dark magic power that Decratic held. This instance was the perfect example for what Cane worried the most. 
Unfortunately, he miscalculated the involvement of Decratic himself in this chaotic situation. None of them knew whether or not the Decratic had been revived, they could only guest what might happen, but the fact he got himself involved right now was an unpleasant surprise. 
"Great," Decratic sighed when he grabbed Iris’s hand. 
A smile appeared on the corner of his eyes, but it immediately dropped when he noticed something. His red eyes trailed down from her face to her flat stomach. Anger and hatred flashed in his scary eyes. 
"Babies..." 
At the same time, Iris used her other hand to pull a white dagger from her dress and made a slashing movement very fast. The dagger glinted in white color, as if luminous pearl was embedded inside. The light from the dagger grew stronger when it slashed Decratic’s face. 
Under this dark sky and the heavy black rain, this light must be the brightest, where all of them were able to see their surroundings clearly for the first time, as if the sunlight finally graced them and chased away the darkness. 
However, instead of bleeding and injured Decratic, the moment the dagger slashed him, his figure puffed like dark smoke, leaving black fog behind, which immediately washed away by the rain. 
And now, the place where he was standing a moment ago was empty and the light that came from Iris gradually dimmed away. 
Once Decratic vanished, the agony the warriors suffered disappeared as well. Aliana and Zale breathed greedily to fill their lungs, they were shaken up. Being suffocated to death was one of the cruelest ways to die. It was slow and painful. 
Eron and Zephyr immediately shifted into their human form and approached Iris. 
"Luna, are you, okay?" Eron asked, despite the pain that still lingered, he ignored it and checked on Iris first. "Are you hurt somewhere?" 
However, to their horror, Iris’s body dropped to the ground. 
Thankfully, Zephyr had caught her first the moment he saw Iris closed her eyes and her body became unsteady, before she could hit the hard and cold ground, or else, they couldn’t imagine the consequences of the impact of her fall. 
"Luna!" 
========================= 
"You can use magic!" Nala widened her eyes in surprised, her jaw’s dropped when Lou burned one of the buildings and caused chaos for those Winter Moon warriors. "You are a magic user!" 
Lou glanced at Nala beside him and warned her. "Yeah, but if you talked recklessly about this to someone else, I am going to pull your tongue out of your mouth." He added in hard voice. "I mean it."
Nala gulped down so hard when she felt the animosity from Lou. He seemed to hate it when someone knew his little secret. 
"You don’t need to threaten me, I will not say anything about it," Nala mumbled, she lowered her eyes, because it was very scary to see Lou directly in the eyes right now. 
More so, Nala was actually quite happy to know his secret, she felt a little bit closer to him, somehow, for holding such important secret from this merchant. After all, her life was depending on this man, she wouldn’t intentionally let down her own benefactor, because it would impact the way how she had to survive too. 
Before their eyes, there was chaotic situation, where the warriors tried to put out the blazing fire from the burning building. 
"What now?" Nala asked. "How will you get that huge bear without them noticing it?" Whether Lou was a sorcerer or not, there was no way he could get Lil Thing without them realizing it. If anything, Lou would only let them knew their current position and put themselves in danger. "You don’t have enough magic stone with you." 
Nala was not sure how the magic stone worked in the hand of magic user, but Lou said it himself that the magic stone was not enough. 
Yet, Lou didn’t answer her and melted the steel bars in front of them that was used to drainage rain, created a hole that was enough for one person to go through it. 
"Don’t tell me you want to go out?" Nala was panic. "Lou!" she grabbed his arm and pulled him back. "Are you crazy? That’s suicide!" Nala was worried. 
However, Lou only gave Nala a mischievous smirk, almost as if he returned to his usual annoying self, which was a little bit reassuring for her. 
"I am not going to die for that furball." Lou leaned over and captured her lips briefly before he pushed his body up, so he could go through the hole he created. "Both of you! Don’t just stare at my ass, give me a little push. I am stuck here." 
Nala’s blush disappeared almost an instant when she and Sabian had to push Lou’s butt, so he could go out of this water tunnel. Why he always felt the need to ruin a moment by running his mouth and spouting uncool words? 
=========================== 
Celia’s beast was the color of honey brown and because of how young she was, her beast was smaller than the other two beasts that ran side by side with her. She was literally a puppy. 
However, this was too much for her, she had never run this long in her beast’s form, thus there was one point, she couldn’t sustain her beast form and shifted back into her human form without her knowing it and knelt down to the ground. 
Arthur and Mal stopped, they were still in their beast form and approached Celia, nudged the side of her head to make her keep moving, but the little girl only shook her head, she was breathless. 
"I- I can’t... I am sorry... I am very tired." She felt like she was about to cry because she slowed them down when they had to move quickly. 
Leena got off from Arthur’s back and approached her. "Let’s go sis," she said in small voice, she just stopped crying because she just learned the concept of death after she watched Abel and Nea died. She got a glimpse of their dead body and that second was enough to scar her for life. "We need to go." 
She didn’t want Celia was left behind, neither she wanted to see one of them died again. 
Celia tried to shift into her beast again, but she couldn’t. She was too exhausted for that and she really needed to practice more in the future. 
Joyce got off from Arthur’s back as well, while the baby started to make a fuss. "I think the baby is hungry," she mumbled. 
This time, Arthur and Mal shifted into their human form. "We will take rest for ten minutes," Arthur announced, while Mal sat Haco down under the shadow of the tree, so this old sorcerer could avoid the harsh black rain. 
Joyce approached Arthur. "How can we feed the baby?" She asked in timid voice. 
Arthur scratched his head. He knew nothing about baby. He had never had a family or a child on his own. "Mal! How can you feed the baby?" 
"What?" Mal frowned. "I will go to hunt something." 
"But, you need to make the meat very tender, or else she is going to choke." Joyce reminded them. 
"Well, I am not a good cook, but let’s try." Mal scratched his head too. He gave Joyce his waterskin. "Here, try to give the baby this first." 
Joyce sat down next to Haco and squatted closer to him and gave the water to the crying baby. "We need to change the swaddle it’s wet. She can get sick." 
Arthur and Mal exchanged look helplessly. The black rain still poured down from the gloomy cloud and they didn’t know when it would stop, more so, they didn’t have dry clothes for the baby to change into. 
It would take half a day or more maybe a day, if they stopped often like this to reach Bloody Wolf pack. 
"I will go hunting something. Stay here." Mal then went away to find something for them to eat. If it was only him and Arthur, they wouldn’t stop, until they reached the Bloody Wolf pack. 
"But, how can you make fire under this rain?" Leena asked, she blinked her eyes innocently and she got the point. 
It seemed they were too tired and anxious to remember that detail. 
"You are right," Arthur said, clicking his tongue. 
========================= 
"Damn you merchant! What are you doing here?" Clad hissed in annoyance when Lou approached him and Leros. "We have been looking for you and have to end up in this situation thanks to you!" 
"You are welcome," Lou replied casually. He had taken off his red cloak and approached Leros and Clad, who were sitting among the pack member of Diandem pack without the warriors noticed him, since they were very busy to put out the fire from burning building. "Now, lower your voice and listen to me, because I am here to save you both." 
"How nice of you to risk your life to save us," Leros replied, but his eyes showed him he didn’t believe what he said. 
"It sounds like you don’t believe my genuine heart." 
Leros and Clad frowned. He didn’t think this merchant had a heart to begin with. 
"Whatever you are thinking about me, do it later, because right now, I want you to get me closer to my pet." Lou nodded toward Lil Thing. 
"Are you going to save that furball?" Leros asked. 
"Of course, Lil Thing ate a lot of fortune! I can build ten more Rosantine guild to feed it. I am not going to lose this expensive creature in the hand of these nasty mutts." 
They knew it. This motive of his was way more believable. 
"What are you planning to do to get it out of here?" Leros frowned. The only way to save Lil Thing was to kill all of the soldiers, which was not an option at all. 
"Quiet. Let me do the thinking and you just did what I told you." 
=========================== 
Abby stared at the dark sky, she pulled down her hoodie to shield herself from this black rain, while her five personal knights surrounded her. She was riding a horse and led around five hundred knights from Holy Kingdom, who came along with her. 
Currently they were heading toward the Bloody Wolf pack and would arrive within five days from now. They took the longest route, because they needed to avoid the battle that currently happened in Diandem pack and also the other pack that put their loyalty to king Alan. 
"Are you, okay, Serafim?" Liam asked. He was worried about her health. She didn’t look in a good condition when they left, because the baby’s condition was getting worst and her healing power couldn’t do much. 
Abby had been stressed herself out because she couldn’t help to lift the curse from the little one. She hated herself for being useless.
###Chapter 663: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (5)
Chapter 663: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (5)
"My lord? What happened?!" Zeke came to approach Decratic. He was sitting on the ground near the fireplace, sweat covered his forehead and he was breathing heavily. "What had happened with you?" 
Decratic raised his hand, indicating for Zeke to step back and not to touch him. He looked like he was in pain. His body was slightly trembling. 
"Bring him here," Decratic said in low and dark voice. His eyes were very red, they looked terrifying, as if death stared straight into your eyes. 
By ’him’ that Decratic meant, it was Alana and Zeke knew without further explanation, as he walked out of the room and returned not long after with a man, but his face was covered under the cloak he was wearing. 
He staggered and had a hard time to walk, thus he needed two guards to help him. 
Meanwhile, beside Zeke there was Corry, he was the king’s personal advisor. He looked so old, as if he aged for a few decades. His body was visibly trembling. 
Once they were inside the room, Corry immediately knelt down in front of Decratic, he was still reeling with the fact there was someone, who looked exactly like Alan. You wouldn’t be able to see the difference between the two of them. 
Corry was smart enough to know what was going on inside the palace and could tell this man, whose face was the same like the king, had been using dark magic. He was a dark sorcerer. But, his instinct told him this man that Zeke and Dexter, even lady Cyan called as ’lord’, was someone more powerful than them. 
More vicious and dark than them... 
Way more powerful until those dark magic users worshipped him. 
Corry kept his mouth shut. He was wise enough not to pry even further. Because the more he knew, the more his life was in danger. Knowing things too much could kill you. 
"Do it," Decratic said, his grating voice echoed inside this silence room, as he talked to Corry. 
The advisor grabbed Alan’s hand, where he whimpered and tried to pull it away. He looked lethargic, something that rarely to be seen for a shifter. 
"No, no, no..." Alan kept shaking his head vigorously, refusing whatever Corry was about to do to him. "I am the king! I command you to stop! Stop!" Alan roared angrily. "I am your king! I am the king!" 
Corry hardened his heart, because he had witness what had happened to those who refused this man, he didn’t dare to offend him even in the slightest. 
"Corry! Corry! Don’t do this! Don’t you dare to do this!" Alan was trying to fight back when his body was being pinned down by the two guards that dragged him here, while Corry slit his wrist and put his blood on a basin. "Mother! Mother! Please help me!" 
Alan and everyone knew lady Cyan had never cared about him. She couldn’t care less about his well being and there was no way lady Cyan would come all of sudden to stop whatever they were doing to him. 
It was even more believable, if she would help them instead. 
However, still, Alan kept calling for his mother. He was like a kid, who was looking for comfort from the only people he knew could help him. Unfortunately for him, he had never learned. 
And what put Alan in more agony was the fact his healing ability as a shifter, kept healing the wound, thus Corry had to do it over and over again, making every incision deeper than before to make the basin full of his blood. 
Now Decratic had grown up just like Alan and no one could tell the difference between them, all Alan could enjoy was a dark, small space in a secret chamber inside the king palace. 
He couldn’t go out, he couldn’t see anything else aside from walls that surrounded him, there was no window in his small room, no bed, no quilt, no fire, nothing. 
He was fed well to keep him alive, but there was nothing more and the only time he went out was for this.
His situation was very depressing, but as coward as he was, he didn’t dare to take his own life, even though he felt like dying every day. 
"No! Stop! I command you to stop! No! Mother! Mother!" Alan was struggling, crying when Corry make another deep incision. 
"He heals too fast..." Corry said in small voice, he looked nervous because it took him so long to collect Alan’s blood and he was afraid that dark sorcerer would lose his patience with him. 
Therefore, he instructed the guards to make Alan bent his body and this time, he stabbed his stomach. 
"Arrgghh! I am going to kill you Corry! Mother! Help me!" 
It took around a hundred cuts to finally fill the basin and Corry immediately brought it to Decratic dutifully. He glanced at him for a while, before apologizing for his tardiness. 
But this man looked lethargic, he simply waved his hand to be left alone, but then his eyes fell on Alan. "Leave him here." 
All of them left the room, while Alan was laying on the floor, still trying to heal from his last incision. There was a big wound on his stomach and he looked like he was going to die, but no. He wouldn’t die. He would feel the excruciating pain, but he wouldn’t die. 
Decratic stared at Alan for a moment with disgust in his eyes, but his mind reeled to his last encountered with that auburn woman, who had Na’s life essence. 
She was too powerful for him right now, even though she didn’t seem to notice that and Decratic needed to gather more power before he could get his original power back, after all, he just revived for a few months. He still lacked of power. 
It was impulsive of him to chase after Na. But, he missed her... 
"Zeke," Decratic called him and that man entered the room right away, even though he didn’t raise his voice at all. "Where is Kellan?" 
"He marched with all the warriors from the Golden Light pack, just like what you have instructed. He must be arrived in the border within two days." Zeke kept his head down solemnly, even though his own grandson was dying two steps away from him, but there was no sympathy in his eyes whatsoever. 
"Call Osana here." 
=========================== 
"Are you crazy? Do you think it will work?" Leros asked Lou in disbelieve, while Clad frowned when those warriors couldn’t put out the fire. 
"You make the fire can’t be extinguished?" Clad asked Lou. 
"You make it sounds like I am a sorcerer. I told you, it’s my old servant doing. He told me what to do." Lou waved his hand to dismiss that topic. "Are we ready?" 
"No." Both Leros and Clad replied at the same time. 
However, Lou burned another building by using magic. This time, it was very close to them, which created more chaos and people tried to run away to save themselves from being burned alive, while the warriors tried to gather all the people again and cursed at the situation, trying to put out another source of fire. 
"Let’s go!" 
Leros and Clad grunted, but both of them stood up and followed Lou’s instruction. "It seems like he is the one, who was doing the magic..." Clad mumbled, as the three of them came closer to the white bear, which had not yet moved at all. 
Lou crouched down next to Lil Thing and checked on this creature briefly to make sure it still alive. It better still lived, because he had put his life at risk for it. 
"Good boy," Lou said, patted Lil Thing’s head when he confirmed the bear was still alive. "Hh... even though you are annoying and costly, but she likes you. She will be sad if you died. Now, be good with me too." 
Leros and Clad looked at each other, they didn’t understand what Lou was saying, but their jaw dropped when Lou did something that was very impossible to happen. 
The white bear’s body shrunk into the size of puppy. 
"How can you do that?!" Leros was flabbergasted, now he believed Lou was a sorcerer. 
However, Lou didn’t have the energy to explain this. He simply scooped Lil Thing’s body in his arms and rushed toward the hole he created earlier to the water tunnel, while the two warriors followed them. The current situation was a chaos. 
Lil Thing snuggled against Lou’s chest and opened its eyes for a brief moment before it closed them again, breathing regularly. 
To put it in a simple explanation, there was a reason why he was named Lil Thing and why he loved to eat magic stone. 
"Rest well, Lil Thing. You did a great job." Lou slid down to the water tunnel and Leros and Clad did the same. "Close the hole, Sabian." 
From outside, they could hear the warriors finally noticed the bear had gone and they were in more uproar, but once the hole was closed, it muffled the noisy sound from outside. 
========================= 
"Cane, Iris and the other has arrived in the Bloody Wolf pack, but she is unconscious." Ethan had rushed toward Cane’s tent the moment he received the news. 
Cane was holding a glass when he heard that and it crushed in his hand into small pieces, where blood oozed out from his wounds. "What happened?" 
Ethan gulped down with difficulty to feel the anger that rolled off the alpha’s body.
###Chapter 664: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (6)
Chapter 664: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (6)
"In the letter, Aliana only said they met with Alan, but there was something unusual about him." Ethan frowned, because he himself was not sure what actually had gone down when they left Diandem pack to the Bloody Wolf pack. "In the letter, Aliana said this person that looked like Alan could do... magic. He killed the four merchants by forcing them to suicide..." 
Ethan’s frown even deeper with he recalled what Aliana had written in her letter the moment they arrived in the Bloody Wolf pack. She wrote in detail. 
"She thought that was not Alan, because aside from having the same face, there was nothing similar between the person they met that day to the coward king." Ethan moved closer toward Cane, who kept silence. He didn’t talk much nowadays, aside from giving a few orders here and there. 
They were in the waiting game and time was very essential at this moment. 
"What do you think? More so, with the death of the four merchants, we will have more problem with Karam." Ethan reminded Cane about this fact. Even if they could get the grain for this winter, there was no guarantee, they could do the same next year after they learned about the death of their merchants. 
Eventually, it would only add more trouble in their plates sooner or later. Things only got complicated for them. 
"How is Iris?" Cane finally opened his mouth and above all the important things that Ethan had relayed to him and a lot of matter that could be potential issues for them in the future, the most important thing in his mind was still his mate. 
Maybe if the world was about to collapse one day, the only thing that Cane cared the most still would be his mate. 
"She is... still unconscious, but her condition is stable. The healer there told Aliana, she was only exhausted and she will wake up soon." 
Cane nodded. "And the baby?" This was his second concern above anything else. 
"The baby is also fine. In the letter... Aliana said..." Ethan grimaced, he was not sure if he had to inform this, but Cane would figure it out when he read the letter himself. "Iris happened to bleed, but the healer has concocted a medicine to make her womb strong, so the baby will not be in danger. Both of them are fine now, you don’t need to worry, but in that case, Aliana had to tell the healer about Iris’s pregnancy." 
"Keep an eye on the healer. I want someone to monitor her all the time." Aside from Grace, Cane wouldn’t believe anyone else to perform magic on his mate, but the problem was; Grace was here and there were thousands of warriors that needed her and Cane had to keep his rationality intact, when his impulsive desire gnawed his sanity to send Grace straight away to the Bloody Wolf pack. 
It would be complicated without the healer here during this battle and to send another healer to replace Grace, it would take times, since they were waiting for the next move. Everything had to happen in order and according to his plan, or else, miscalculated in his part would be the doom for the entire plan. 
"Okay, I will send the reply right away," Ethan said and then he proceeded to focus on another important matter. "The Serafim and her knights will arrive in the Bloody Wolf pack in two days." 
Cane took a deep breath. He had arranged this way and one of the reasons why he kept Grace by his side, because he had planned for the Serafim herself would come to see Iris for the first time. Though, she couldn’t lift the curse on Koda’s great grandson, but there must be something that she could do to help with Iris condition. 
But of course, the event where they met with someone, who looked like Alan was out of his calculation. Who was that person? 
Cane’s best guest was that problem involved black magic and Decratic. 
Ethan told him that Iris managed to get rid of that man, where he vanished into thin air. But, Aliana was not sure, whether that man had died of simply disappeared and Cane couldn’t be more proud than this for his mate for being able to handle the situation well. 
Though the aftermath, where she lost her consciousness was still worrisome. 
"Alpha Nolan is still besieging the pack and the border warriors crept in. There were around a thousand warriors, who died on our side, but we will be really doomed the moment their reinforcement arrived." 
"Who leads the reinforcement." Cane took the letter from Aliana in Ethan’s hand, he would read it more detail about what happened to Iris later. 
"Our spy has not yet confirmed anything yet, but it seems someone from the capital." 
It meant, it could be anyone. 
"What about Red Claw pack?" Cane asked grimly. 
"They are..." 
=========================== 
Even though the dispute about the throne was between the royal and the Red Claw pack, but it seemed the attention fell on Cane instead. 
It was understandable, since Cane was the real threat for occupying the whole southern area, while Red Claw pack only had this sick baby, who they pushed toward the throne. Once they lost the baby due to the curse, they wouldn’t have anything anymore to stand their ground. 
"Why do you have to be cursed? Why can’t you be healed?!" Laluna was frustrated with her baby, but when little Vemion was crying, she cried as well. This whole thing was too stressful for her. "Please, don’t cry. I am sorry. I will not shout at you again." 
Things had escalated very fast. Alpha Colter and Koda decided to use their a hundred of magic user to launch an attack to Golden Light pack first, knowing their warriors went out to the battlefield, thus the protection of the pack was not the best, despite their pack member were all a fighter, but they couldn’t stand a chance against this sneak attack that involved magic users. Mere pack members were not trained to fight magic. 
Alpha Colter and Koda did what Cane had instructed them to do. After knowing what they had in their arsenal, Cane came with this idea. 
He asked them to send the Serafim to the Bloody Wolf pack, so they could use the magic user without the Serafim’s knowledge. Since, it was prohibited to have the force of magic user. More so, with this Cane could arrange a meeting between Iris and the Serafim within his territory. This was important, because Cane didn’t want his mate to be outside of the area, he didn’t have any control over of. 
And just like he had predicted, the Serafim welcomed the idea almost immediately, since she had been wanting to see Iris herself after what she heard about the luna from the Howling Wolf pack. 
Up until this point, everything went well according to Cane’s plan, though there were a few hiccups here and there, but it was not significant enough to alter the whole plan. 
"Lady Laluna! Lady! My lady!" Asa, Vemion’s wet nurse came inside the room, beaming happily. "We won! We won the battle against the Golden Light pack! We own the west kingdom!" 
Just like Cane owned the whole south, Red Claw pack controlled the west. 
"We did it?" Laluna was surprised, she thought the battle would stretch for longer than this, but apparently, it happened really quick. 
"Yes! Yes, my lady! I just heard the warriors celebrated this!" 
Laluna was beaming. She thought there wouldn’t be any way out for them after the betrayal of alpha Nolan from the Winter Moon pack. 
However, Cane made it happened! 
Laluna didn’t know the detail, but she knew alpha Colter and Koda followed his instruction and everything they prepared and did were monitored by Cane. 
Koda told her all about it before he left to lead the warriors to the Golden Light pack after their passionate moment together. Laluna didn’t know how she could end up having such nasty relationship with Koda, but it didn’t matter now. 
She was very happy because Cane’s plan worked. She really admired that man... 
"Great... this is a great news...!" Laluna muttered under her breath. Her eyes lit up. "Tell me what happened in Diandem pack." 
Asa grimaced and then took little Vemion from Laluna’s arms. The baby was currently sleeping. "I don’t know about that, my lady. I am not privilege to know about such thing, but from rumor I heard, the alpha has retreated, they are currently on the way to the Bloody Wolf pack, leaving Diandem pack under the besiege of alpha Nolan." 
"They retreated?" 
"I am not sure about this rumor..." Asa was not part of the warrior after all. 
And while the two of them talking about uncertain thing, alpha Colter and Koda exchanged letter with Cane, waiting for his advice how to proceed with this and Cane’s reply was for them to wait and stand their ground in the Golden Light pack, until his further instruction. 
============================ 
On the next day Iris and her group of warriors arrived in the Bloody Wolf pack, Haco and the other also came, though they were late from the appointed time, but they could sigh in relief because they were fine, though they brought sad news about the two children, who didn’t make it and also the white bear. 
"I don’t want to feed him! Who do you think I am?!" Sofia protested when she had to share her breastmilk with that baby orphan. She didn’t want her son to lack of food. "Find someone else to feed her." 
"No one currently has a baby." Arthur tried to keep his mind calm when he talked with this woman, but she kept testing his patience. 
"I don’t have enough for two babies!" Sofia kept refusing the suggestion. 
"You have enough Sofia, you kept complaining that your breasts felt very tight because your baby was full." The healer in the Bloody Wolf pack pointed this out to them. 
"Don’t be ridiculous! I am not sharing with orphan child!" Sofia frowned, though he had fallen into disgrace, but she had lived in luxury when she was alpha Gallot’s mistress. Her status surely above that orphanage. 
Aliana stood up and then slapped Sofia so hard, she stumbled on her feet and fell to the ground. The healer and Arthur were shocked to see what Aliana had done, but no one stepped forward to stop her. 
Arthur knew how Aliana was and the healer had seen how this beautiful woman could be very scary. Aliana was on edge when they came to this pack house with unconscious Iris and the healer had to deal with her aggressive side, until she reassured her the luna was fine and the baby as well. 
"You don’t want to feed the baby because she is an orphan?" Aliana concluded Sofia’s refusal. "I will make your baby an orphan too if you don’t stop this bullshit right now. The luna might have softened up with you because of your baby and we tolerate you after the stunt you pulled for making a fuss about your baby being the alpha’s, because no matter what, the baby is innocent, but get down from your high horse! If you think you are above that orphan baby, you need to know that you are nothing!" 
How dare she talked like that about the orphan children?! 
Sofia was visibly trembling when Aliana snarled at her, she cradled her cheek. Aliana’s claws must have emerged by accident, because there was graze on her cheek that had started to heal. 
"Breastfeed the baby, or I will force you to do that and believe me, you will not like it!" Aliana said through her gritted teeth. 
She remembered her agony during those days, how she cried her heart out, whenever she had to throw away her breastmilk because her baby died. She didn’t even have a chance to breastfeed him...
###Chapter 665: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (7)
Chapter 665: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (7)
"How is she?" Aliana asked Penny, the healer from the Bloody Wolf pack. It had been two days since they arrived in this pack, but not even once Iris regained her consciousness and this was worrisome. 
Cane had retreated when half of the warriors with him had died and probably he would be here within two or three days, since they couldn’t go straight to Bloody Wolf pack and move quickly with such number of shifters. 
"I am not sure what happened, but she supposed to be fine. The baby is fine." 
"And why she has not yet wake up?" Aliana learned from Grace that Iris had unique constitution, where her body couldn’t accept healing power. Some of Grace’s healing power wouldn’t work on her, therefore when she treated her, the healer would go to traditional way, in that case, it was paramount to maintain her health. 
That was what Grace had been doing to Iris all this time, especially now when she was pregnant. 
Penny shook her head. "I don’t know, Aliana. I have done my best. I don’t know the reason why she has not yet wake up. She should be fine now." She looked frustrated as well. 
Aliana closed her eyes and took a deep breath, she couldn’t pressure her when she had done her best. She really hoped Penny would be as good as Grace, but now, the only way to find out about Iris’s condition was to wait for the Serafim to come and check on her. 
Aliana had been informed that the Serafim and her knights would arrive today or tomorrow at the latest. 
Currently Cane was stuck, but he demanded every single detail of Iris’s progress, though there was not much that Aliana could report to him, yet if Aliana sent letter less than five, there would be a few hawks come and go, demanding more letter. 
The alpha really stressed Aliana out and it felt like he was doing that to vent out some of his stress too. 
"Keep an eye on her," Aliana said, as she walked out of the room, but what greeted her was this gloomy sky, which didn’t make her felt better. The black rain still poured down from the sky and it had been like this for weeks. 
When it would stop?! 
"How is the luna?" Joel asked, he stood up from his squatting position next to the door, while Zale came to Aliana as well. The two of them would spend their time here whenever they didn’t have anything to do, some time, Finn and the orphan children would come as well. 
All of them still tried to figure out what had happened at that time and how Alan could be there or how he vanished into thin air. Was he a sorcerer? There were countless questions without answer that swarmed in their heads. 
"She will be alright," Aliana reassured them, though she was not sure about it herself. 
"Then why she has not yet wake up?" Zale asked. He craned his neck, trying to see into the bedroom, but Aliana closed the door. She didn’t want them to see Iris’s condition right now. She didn’t want them to feel more stress and pressure than this if they saw how Iris was at this moment. 
"She will, she needs more rest, that’s all." 
Right at that time, Finn rushed toward them, which saved Aliana from a barrage of Joel and Zale’s question. She had been questioned enough by the alpha, she didn’t need the two of them to stress her out more than this.
Thankfully, Aliana was there to control the situation and give a clear direction for them and knew what to do with Iris, though it was not enough, but she tried her best to navigate this stressful situation. 
"Aliana, the merchant is here! He came with Leros and Clad and also lady Nala. Oh, and that old man too, who always with the merchant. I forgot the name." 
Kian glanced at Finn when he heard the names of the people, who had come. Lou’s group should have arrived two days ago, but he was glad they made it. 
Finn stopped running in front of Aliana and asked the same question. "How is the luna?" 
Aliana was very grateful they were worried about Iris, but this question would drive her crazy. Dyne, who saw this, immediately chimed in. 
"The luna will be alright," he said and literally said the same thing like Aliana told them earlier. 
"I am going to see the merchant. The healer is inside, tell me immediately if she gave any report about the luna." Aliana immediately left and all of them nodded at her instruction. They felt like they were talking to the beta, since the way Aliana carried herself in this situation almost the same like her brother. 
Lou and his companion occupied the other part of the pack house and when Aliana was there, she was greeted by a few complain from the merchant. 
"What kind of color is this? This is so ugly! I want red color!" Lou complained because the maid gave him blue clothes, instead of red. He seemed not willing to wear anything than red color and now he was throwing a temper tantrum. 
Aliana opened the door and saw the maid tried to explain that red color is not common in this pack and she couldn’t find any here. 
Meanwhile, Lou was half naked, he just took a shower and water dripped from his wet hair. On the other hand, Nala and Sabian stood on the side, they seemed tired to deal with Lou’s antics and let him do whatever he wanted with the maid. 
"You can go," Aliana said, as she patted the maid’s shoulder. "You two also." She waved her hand toward Nala and Sabian. Nala was about to protest, but Aliana was having none of it. "Leave." 
Lou crossed his arms, but he didn’t stop Aliana from telling his people to leave. Knowing his master, Sabian took Nala out of the room. 
Now Lou could see how impossible it was when he gave Nala a mission to be close with Aliana. This woman was harder and had a strong character than he expected, which was annoying, since he thought she was only a little personal servant for Iris. 
"What do you want? You better give me something red to wear, or else, I will be very upset." Lou looked like a petulant child and Aliana was ready to straighten him up. 
"What happened? Why did you just come now?" Aliana had to ask about this first. 
Lou rolled his eyes. "Your alpha’s plan didn’t always work, you know. There is this thing that you called as an unexpected event." 
"Straight to the point." 
"I was attacked by this man that looked like that stupid prince, well, he is a king now." 
"Alan?" 
"Oh, I like it when someone addressed him by his name only. His current title is too good for him." 
Aliana ignored his rambles. "What happened?" 
Lou frowned, but he told her about a shorter version of what happened. "And I have to rescue my pet too, since your luna was very neglectful to leave Lil Thing behind. I need a healer to check on it." Lou nodded at a small bear on his bed. "Oh, right. How is she?" 
That line of question started to get under Aliana’s skin. "She is fine don’t worry." She moved closer to the bed and stared at the white bear that filled with so many wounds. "This is Lil Thing?" 
"Yes, cute isn’t it?" Lou grinned. "You know, I named it Lil Thing because the bear was very tiny when I found it the first time and then..." 
Aliana raised her hand, she didn’t come here to hear this story. "Wear your clothes and follow me." 
"No. I am not wearing that ugly clothes." Lou was adamant. "And I don’t appreciate your tone." His voice changed when he said the last sentence. 
Yet, Aliana had dealt with someone like Cane, Ethan and her brother, therefore, Lou was only another annoying man in her life. 
"Fine, you can take off your pants too if you want. You can walk stark naked for all I care." Aliana titled her head. "I need you to see Iris." 
Lou immediately took the blue clothes and grimaced when he wore it. He had his back against Aliana and she could see he had an unusual birthmark on his back. She was sure it was not tattoo, since it was the color of red. 
"Let’s go!" Lou said readily, he took Lil Thing with him. 
Aliana rolled her eyes dramatically. She couldn’t understand why this man was very clear with his infatuation with the luna, he didn’t even try to hide it. 
She wondered if one day, the alpha would end up killing him because he crossed the line too far, since Cane had started to show his obsession to his mate now. In her opinion her overprotective and obsession nature were even worst when he was with Leane, probably because of the situation was very different when he was with Leane in the past. 
"Why do you bring this tacky man here?!" Zale protested the moment he saw Lou came with Aliana and all of them had to try their best not to laugh with that comment, while Lou really loved to strangle this boy to death. 
In the absence of Cane, there were Aliana, the seven warriors and now this little brat. Why there were so many people who were not happy to see him met with Iris? 
"I don’t need your opinion shorty, just focus on growing taller." Lou patted his head, in which Zale dodged it and was ready to shift into his beast, but Joel stopped him and pushed him aside. The young warrior knew how hot blooded this boy could be. 
Finally, Joel had to drag Zale away with Finn followed the two of them. 
"What are you doing, Aliana?" Eron approached Aliana and stopped her from letting Lou entered the room. She didn’t allow them to see Iris, but now she would let this merchant to visit her? 
"You are not serious to take him inside, aren’t you?" Dyne chimed in. He was on Zale’s side and wish Joel didn’t drag him away too soon. He wanted to hear how he retorted to be called ’shorty’. 
"I am." Aliana opened the door and held it for Lou to come inside first, while the other seven warriors looked at each other in confusion look in their eyes. 
However, not long after, Penny came out as well. 
"You are being kicked out too?" Eron frowned deeply to see the healer. "What they are doing inside?" 
Inside the room, Aliana stopped Lou from seeing Iris. She had put down the curtain, so Lou couldn’t see her. 
"For heaven sake! You said you want me to see her, but now this? What happened to her? Is she sleeping?" Lou grunted in frustration. "Iris, don’t you want to see Lil Thing?" 
"Don’t be childish." 
"I want you to create a portal to the alpha’s camp." 
"What?! No!" Lou growled, in one sentence, he knew how it would end up. "Can’t you see? I just arrived. I have not yet eaten anything, have not yet rested and..." Lou seemed to realize something. "You know I am a sorcerer?" he narrowed his eyes. 
"I know." 
Lou cursed under his breath. He hated it when someone knew his little secret. "Damn it, Cane!" 
"It’s not Cane, who told me," Aliana corrected him. "It’s Ethan." 
"That’s even worse!" It meant there was another person, who knew about it. This was very upsetting. "I am not going to do that! I need rest at least a month or two. I have depleted my energy!" 
"Iris is sick and we need to get Grace to see her condition." 
"I need at least, three magic stones to create the portal." Lou changed his tune in a heartbeat.
###Chapter 666: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (8)
Chapter 666: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (8)
Aliana was speechless by how fast Lou changed his tune when it came to Iris. She knew he wouldn’t harm her, but this was unsettling. 
"Three magic stones. Two if you have fire magic stones." Lou stretched out his hand, as if he was asking for a candy. 
"Wait here." Aliana went to the other side of the room to get the magic stone from the crates that Cane had gifted to Iris. They had sent some of the crates that contained valuable things to this pack beforehand. 
In one of the letters, Cane asked about Lou and instructed Aliana what she needed to do if the merchant showed up. 
It was not only Grace, Cane must want to see Iris too, but he couldn’t leave his spot for long to make a round trip between the campground and the Bloody Wolf pack. The situation was very crucial there and they needed him in person. 
"What happened with her?" Lou growled when he saw Iris was so pale, she was sleeping peacefully, but one could tell there was something wrong with her, though Penny said her vitals were fine. 
Aliana looked over her shoulder and quickly got the magic stones she needed and returned to Iris’s side. "Don’t touch her." She swatted Lou’s hand before he could touch the luna. "Here the magic stones that you need." 
Aliana took three earth magic stones for him to use. "Create the portal, we need to call Grace immediately." 
However, instead of doing what Aliana told him to do, Lou played the magic stones between his fingers. "You know what? I really don’t appreciate the way you talk to me. If you really needed my help, you should talk nicely and respectfully, that’s very basic thing to do when you asked for a favor to someone else." This time, Lou’s voice was deeper and darker. He was annoyed to be ordered around and that was what Aliana had been doing to him. 
"You don’t want to help her?" Aliana hardened her jaw. 
"Don’t put words into my mouth. I never said that. I only asked for a basic thing, being courteous will not kill you, Aliana." 
"Could you please create the portal, sir Lou? We need to save our luna, it will be very generous of you to help us in time of need like this and your help will be very much appreciated." 
Lou was right, being courteous wouldn’t kill her, so why would Aliana argue with him over this petty thing? 
Now Lou got what he wanted, but somehow he didn’t like the sound of it, especially when Aliana gave up so fast without any argumentation anymore. This was annoying. 
Scoffed. Lou stood up and started to create the portal begrudgingly. Why every argumentation with the Howling Wolf pack member always left him unsatisfied? 
"Wow..." Aliana gushed when she watched the portal was being created. "I have never seen a portal before." 
"Not all the magic user has the ability to make a portal, only those who unique, powerful and ingenious, also smart one, who can do it." 
Aliana narrowed her eyes. "Did you just praise yourself?" 
Lou shrugged his shoulder and then entered the portal, Aliana followed his steps and it felt surreal to be in different place by only a blink of an eye, because right now, she was inside a tent and she was sure, this was Cane’s tent, since she could sense his scent. 
Thankfully, before she needed to look for the alpha, Cane walked inside and saw the two of them. 
"Nice to see you again." Lou raised his hand, but Cane walked out for a second to talk with someone. "It doesn’t kill him to say ’nice to meet you too’, right?" 
"Wait for Grace." Cane walked past Aliana and Lou, and entered the portal just like that. He didn’t even greet them or anything. 
"What is that?" Lou blinked his eyes. "I have never seen someone as disrespectful as him in my entire life!" He couldn’t believe after all he had done and what Cane had put him through, he ignored him?! 
"We need to wait for the healer!" Aliana grabbed Lou’s arms to stop him from entering the portal too. She wanted to give the alpha some alone time with the luna without the interruption of this merchant. 
"Why should I wait for the healer here? I will wait from the other side!" Lou complained, but Aliana didn’t budge. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t waste a second of his chance to see Iris. The moment he saw his mate, he knew, he couldn’t believe the report that Aliana sent to him that she was fine. She was completely not fine at all! 
She didn’t look fine in his eyes! 
"Iris..." Cane came closer and carefully cradled her body. He missed her so much. He missed her scent and everything about her. It was very unbearable without her. If it was not the craziness of the situation that managed to distract his mind from thinking about her and their baby, he would have shifted into his beast and rushed back here the moment he heard she fell unconscious. 
Cane kissed her forehead, but she was unresponsive. Whatever was happening to her now was definitely due to her meeting with that creature that looked like Alan. 
"Iris..." Cane nuzzled her cheek and kissed her nose, but the only consolation that he could get was the fact she was still breathing. He wanted to shake her body awake and see her beautiful blue eyes. 
Cane cradled her in his arms and felt her heartbeat against his chest, as he put his hand over her stomach. He didn’t put all the weight down on tummy and a stressful crease appeared between his brows. 
Not long after, Grace came with Lou and Aliana. The merchant saw the gesture, but he didn’t think much of it, he was currently upset because now Grace also knew he was a magic user. 
He had kept this secret for decades and within less than a year, a handful new people knew about it. Great! 
"How is she?" Cane and Lou asked at the same time, which irritated the merchant, but the alpha simply didn’t care. 
"She is fine, everything is fine." Grace emphasized the word ’everything’ because Lou was there. "There is not supposed to be a problem with her." 
"That’s what Penny said," Aliana recalled. 
"But, why she is not awake?" Cane put Iris on his lap, he cradled her possessively, the sight of them irritated Lou, he wanted to leave the room, but he also wanted to make sure Iris was fine and want to know what happened with her too. 
Grace creased her brows, she thought about it more carefully, as she checked on her more thoroughly now and it took more than ten minutes before she spoke again. 
"Yes, her body is fine, but..." Grace frowned. She tried to find the right word to say. 
"Just say what is in your mind, you tensed up the situation for no reason," Lou said, annoyed because Grace put them in tension by not spilling what she knew. 
The healer glared at him. "I feel like there is something obstruct the flow of her power..." Grace took a deep breath and ran her fingers from Iris’s forehead down to her neck and then to her heart. "With her newly found ability, she has been learning about healing ability and every magic user and healer has this flow inside their body, which we called as mana, but I can’t say what I feel of her is mana... it something different from mana and the flow of it is obstructed." 
Lou listened carefully to this. As far as he knew, Iris’s parent was shifter and how could she end up with the flow that only magic user and healer had? Shifters couldn’t give birth to magic user, unless one of the parents was a magic user or a healer, the baby wouldn’t be born with it. 
It was something that you were born with, not something that you could alter or obtain when you grew older. 
"Alpha, you know from the beginning that her body is not responsive to my healing power, so this is not something that I can fix." Grace shook her head. "More so, I am not familiar with this flow inside her body. It is very different from all the magic users or healers that I know." 
"Let me see," Lou said, he moved closer, but Cane swatted his hand away when he was about to touch his mate. "Seriously, Cane. It’s not that I will do something inappropriate to her in front of you." He might do something inappropriate behind him, though. "I am not a healer, but I am a magic user, so stop being so annoying." 
Cane glared at him, but in the end, he let Lou held Iris’s hand, the sight of him was very unsettling, it was almost like what Lou was feeling when he saw Cane held Iris intimately. 
Yet, only after less than twenty second, Lou cursed under his breath. 
"Damn it!" The merchant threw a dagger look at the alpha, as if he just murdered his family. "You impregnant her!" He snarled at Cane, as if it was a sin that Cane should be ashamed of. "She is pregnant?! All of you know about this?!" Lou looked around and immediately realized how stupid he was for that question. "Of course, all of you already knew about this." 
"Keep it for yourself, or I will be forced to shut you up permanently." Cane didn’t even raise his voice when he said that, but you knew he meant it and that was not a simple threat. 
"You don’t need to threaten me. It’s not like you can keep it a secret forever." Somehow, Lou’s mood took a nose dive. He was so mad and unsettling to learn about this. Why would she want to be pregnant with his child? He is not even handsome to begin with! Not to mention how bad his personality was! It was not like she could ensure, the child she gave birth to, would completely take after her, right? 
"I am going to keep it as long as it needed." Cane fixed his eyes on Lou. "Do it and tell what you found." 
And once again, Lou had to listen to what Cane ordered him to do without him realizing it. He took Iris’s hand and held her a little bit longer, because he liked how her skin against his. Now, he noticed this. He had never really touched her before, or holding her hand like this, aside from their short time in the palace, they had never been close. 
Yet, Lou’s melancholic thought was cut short when Cane slapped his hand away, as if the alpha knew, this merchant only took advantage of his mate. 
"What is it?" Cane asked, there was no warm in his tone at all. 
Lou wanted to growl at Cane, but the look in his eyes, told him not to provoke this man right now, because he went all alpha with him and an alpha didn’t entertain any disrespect or ’friendly’ complain. 
"Just like what Grace said. She has different flow than those magic users and healers." Lou straightened himself. The blue clothes that he was wearing made him itchy. "But, it makes me think of something..." 
"What?" 
Lou didn’t immediately say it, as he intentionally kept them in tension. 
"Just say what is in your mind, you tensed up the situation for no reason," Aliana threw the same sentence that he said to Grace earlier, which made the healer smirked and obviously the merchant was not happy about it. 
"There is only one person, who has different flow and the way how to handle the magic." Lou gave Cane a suggesting look. 
"The Serafim." 
"Exactly." Lou frowned. "But, why she is related to the Serafim, though?"
###Chapter 667: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (9)
Chapter 667: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (9)
After Lou’s question, all of them waited for the alpha’s reply, but if they thought he would provide them with some information or even gave some response to that, they were very wrong. It was a wishful thinking in their part. 
Because unless when he was with his mate, there was nothing significant that had changed from him. 
With Iris, he could be his old self before the slavery, but aside from her, he would be that calculative and manipulative alpha that led his people out of the misery of alpha Gerald’s clutch. 
"It doesn’t mean she has the same flow like the Serafim, right?" Grace cleared her throat and provided another logic. She knew about the lycan and the alpha, and for whatever reason, she felt there was some connection there, which was something that this merchant, turned out to be a magic user, needed not to know more detail about it. 
"Hm." Lou thought about it for a while. "That could happen..." he touched his chin. 
However, Lou was too lazy to think in deeper lever about this matter and he had another thing that he was excited about. His eyes lit up when he spoke again. 
"The portal will not last for long, you need to go now!" 
He said that almost like he was very happy to kick Cane and Grace away from this room, but he should have learned by now that the alpha could smell his cunning plan from miles away. 
Cane carefully put Iris down on the bed and covered her with blanket. He caressed her cheek very gently, as he stared at her sleeping face, taking his time to savor the sight of her. 
He missed her, he wished, she was awake and could hold him back, but she was asleep now. 
Cane kissed her forehead, down to her nose and then her lips, every movement was so tender, as if he put his feeling on it, which made Grace and Aliana felt like they really wanted to run away from this room, while Lou was entertaining himself with the wild imagination, where he dragged Cane away from Iris and beat the shit out of him. 
Of course, his imagination would only possible to happen in his mind. 
Cane kissed her lips a little bit longer, which the three of them felt like they were in the wrong place and time and how awkward it was! Did the alpha not feel it?! This room was getting very warm now! They were barely able to breath! 
"For heaven’s sake!" Lou finally couldn’t take it anymore, as he blew his top. "She is sleeping and in dire need to rest! Stop snacking on her!" 
Aliana glared at Lou because he ruined the moment for the alpha and the luna, but Cane simply kissed Iris’s neck and caressed her flat stomach, which irritated Lou even more because that gesture looked like the alpha provoked him, reminding him that she was clearly pregnant with his child! 
Cane finally stood up after he covered Iris’s body with his scent. "When the Serafim supposed to arrive?" 
"If there is nothing happened, she supposed to arrive tomorrow." 
Cane nodded, but he took Lou with him. "You come with me," he said without any trace of guilty when the merchant protested. 
"I am not going anywhere with you! I need to rest! I am tired, I can’t stand up straight!" Lou grumbled, when Cane didn’t let go of his grip on his shoulder and took him straight to the portal, knowing he didn’t have anymore chance to escape this bad alpha, he shouted to Aliana. "Hey! Make sure the healer looks after Lil Thing!" 
Meanwhile, Grace gave a few cursory of how to take care of Iris, which was not very different from what Penny said, since her power was useless for Iris, there was no use for Grace to stay. More so, the Serafim would come tomorrow, their best hope was for her to be able to know what was wrong with Iris. 
After that, Grace left and the portal was closed. 
Aliana sighed deeply when the room finally went quiet again. She stared at Iris and then at the small bear next to her, she picked Lil Thing up and walked out of the bedroom. 
"I smelled the alpha and the healer’s scent," Zale said, he sulked after Joel reprimanded him for fighting with Lou. "Are they inside?" 
"No." Aliana shook her head, she didn’t lie. Cane and Grace were no longer inside the bedroom. 
"Is that Lil Thing?" Zale noticed his first companion. "What happened? Why it was so small?!" He moved closer toward Aliana and so did the rest of them. They didn’t notice it at first before Zale pointed it out. 
"Lou said, it is Lil Thing’s original size," Aliana replied to their questions, as she recalled what Lou had told her briefly before. 
"And you left him alone with the luna inside the bedroom?" Zephyr asked, he frowned and was about to enter the bedroom. "It’s not appropriate." 
Aliana stopped him. "He is not inside, the luna is alone." 
"How so? We didn’t see him going out, it’s only you, who walked out from the room." Eron couldn’t understand that. There was no second door. 
"He is gone." 
"You meant, he is dead?" Zale asked wishfully, But Aliana only gave him a look, like a big sister, who warned their bratty little brother. She then went to see Penny with Lil Thing, after she gave them some instruction and warned them not to bother the luna. 
"I am going with you!" Zale was worried about Lil Thing, more so, the luna had a lot of people to watch over her and he would only be gone for a while. 
Aliana didn’t stop him and when he stretched out his hand to hold the white bear, she gave Lil Thing to him, in which the little creature snuggled closer against his chest. 
"What is this thing?" Penny had never seen this creature before. It looked like bear, but it didn’t feel like one. 
"I don’t know, I am not sure." Aliana stared at the little bear, it had been cleaned and was no longer bleeding, but its wounds were a dreadful sight to see. It covered almost all over its small body. Zale was sitting on the side, staring at Lil Thing, listening to their conversation. "Can you heal it?" 
"Yes, but I think it will take times, because I am not use to heal animal... magical animal like this to be specific." 
Penny had beautiful brown eyes that complimented her shoulders length brown hair. She looked so skinny, almost like she was malnourished and from what Aliana learned from her, because the alpha wanted a detail background of the healer, who treated his mate, Penny was raised by her grandmother. 
Her father was the beta of the pack, but of course, her mother was only a mere healer in the pack house when unfortunately, the beta had his eyes on her and forced himself. A horrendous tale of how most of the children in this pack were born. 
And now the alpha had died and the beta also the gamma of the pack, were under Cane’s control, their status reduced to be commoner and were not allowed to step a foot inside the pack house, which allowed Penny to be able to breath. You could say, her beta’s father must have learned about fatherhood from alpha Gerald. 
"How we feed it? Lil Thing loves eating magic stone," Zale asked, he nudged Lil Thing’s arm gently. 
"Magic stone?" Penny was surprised. 
Aliana grimaced. "Yeah... this creature is a little bit expensive..." 
Now Aliana was curious what was in Lou’s mind when he took this expensive bear to be his pet and what the story behind it. 
============================ 
"Cane!" Ethan rushed toward Cane when he saw the alpha among the warriors. He had been looking for him, but he was not in his tent. "Redmond is here, he asked to meet with you in private." 
"Where is he?" Cane dismissed all the warriors near him. Even after all this time, this black rain was still annoying and it seemed, no matter how long, they wouldn’t get used to this weather. 
This depressing weather had diminished the precious warmth he just got from his mate. He kept fighting the thought of rushing back to the Bloody Wolf pack and cuddled with Iris. 
Trying to keep his mind straight on the task at hand was harder than he imagined when a big part of his heart was somewhere else. 
"Outskirt," Ethan said. "Alone." 
Cane’s eyes dimmed and then he shifted into his beast and rushed toward where Redmond was, while Ethan shifted into his beast too and followed closely behind the alpha. 
It didn’t take long for Cane to find Redmond, since he recognized his scent from afar. The red hair warrior stared at the gloomy sky with angry look. Some of them started to develop this habit too, as if by doing so, the sky would grace them with a little bit of sunlight. 
"Have you delivered the letters?" Cane asked Redmond, they skipped the greeting and all. 
"The letters have been delivered." Redmond nodded. "There is something I need to show you, but I need to meet you in the black market." 
Ethan shifted into his human form and heard that request. His eyes turned very sharp. "And how do you think we can go to the black market when the location has not yet changed? The last time I checked the black market is still within alpha Gallot’s territory." 
"We entered the pack before without alarming alpha Gallot. You can do the same now." If it was not because of Alan, they wouldn’t meet with alpha Gallot the last time they were in the black market. 
"Are you stupid? The situation is very different now," Ethan scoffed. "What do you want to show the alpha? Why can’t you show it here?" 
During that conversation, Cane didn’t say anything. He only paid close attention to Redmond and oddly enough, he didn’t even get upset when Ethan called him stupid. He was calm and collected and had his eyes focused on Cane. 
"Here is the map to the black market. I have gathered enough information when I was in his pack to know this route is the safest way to get there." Redmond handed the small folded map to Cane. 
"What are you going to show Cane in the black market?" Ethan frowned deeply, he felt something was off with Redmond, especially when he didn’t spare him a glance at all. "How could you survive Gallot? Have you really delivered a letter to Red Claw pack?" Ethan was frustrated when he was being ignored. "Answer me!" He grabbed Redmond shoulders and forced him to see him. 
Only then, Redmond spared the gamma a look, but he spoke something weird. "They eyes can see. You are completely wrong." 
Cane’s eyes dimmed. "You can leave. I will see you in the black market." 
Redmond pushed Ethan away from him, but before he could walk away, he turned around asked Cane. "They are safe, yeah?" 
"Yes." 
And with that, Redmond left the area, leaving Ethan speechless. "Cane! You are not really going to the black market, right? Why don’t you ask about what he is going to show you?" 
Cane glanced at his gamma and walked back toward their campground. "I will be the one, who is going to show them." 
The crease between Ethan’s brows deepened. "I don’t understand! Explain please! Cane!" 
============================== 
Today was the day and everyone knew about it, despite the dark mood that lingered along the dark sky, all the pack member of the Bloody Wolf pack came to the street when they heard about the arrival of the Serafim. 
This must be the first time for them to see the Serafim and they were very excited to see the holy knights from the Holy Kingdom.
###Chapter 668: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (10)
Chapter 668: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (10)
People were on the street they created a path for the Serafim and her entourage in the middle to walk through, while they stood on both sides of the line, standing on their tiptoes, excited with the presence of the Serafim, even though her entourage had not yet been able to be seen. 
In their mind, once the Serafim was here, she could get rid of this ominous gloomy cloud and they could get their sun back. This black rain gave them anxiety and without the sunlight, trees and plants started to withered. 
They might not realize it before, but they started to see the negative side effect in this continues condition. 
Aliana was not among the people in the crowd, as she stayed by Iris’s side. She prayed she would wake up and keep asking Penny if there was progress for her condition, but she was still the same. She was not in danger or anything and her vitals were fine, but she didn’t wake up. 
However, if she kept like this, eventually, it would give a side effect on her baby, since she couldn’t eat properly and she needed enough nutrient for both of them. 
Their last resort was the Serafim. If what Grace and Lou said were true, the cause of Iris’s condition was not because of her health, but the disruption of the flow of her power. 
"What are you doing here, girls?" Penny asked Joyce, Celia and Leena, who crowded the basket on the table, where Lil Thing was currently sleeping. 
"Lil Thing opened its eyes earlier, but then fell asleep again," Leena chirped. "Why do you think it shrunk in size? It looks like a doll now." 
Penny just returned after checking on Iris. Not only Aliana and these three girls, but Zale also refused to see the simple festivities that Bloody Wolf pack member threw in order to greet the Serafim. He chose to stay with the luna or Lil Thing. He wouldn’t go anywhere if Zephyr didn’t drag him out for some training. 
The seven warriors, of course, would always stay with Iris. 
Chuckling, Penny ruffled their hairs. "Maybe because it’s very tired, that’s why. Don’t touch the wounds, okay? It will take longer if they are infected." 
The three of them raised both of their hands. "We don’t." 
The children were still grieving the lost of the other two children, but they coped up well enough, while the baby was under the care of Nala. Begrudgingly, she had to feed the baby too. In the beginning, she protested a lot, but then it seemed she had warmed up with the idea of having to take care two babies. 
"Where is Kian?" Asher asked, he looked around him. 
"He went out for a while to see whether the Serafim is already here or not," Reed replied. He stretched out his body. "Stay here, I will patrol around for a while." He then shifted into his beast and looked around the area, to make sure there was no danger lurked in the corner. They did it alternately among them. 
"Don’t you think Kian always volunteers to go away recently?" Otis stated. 
"Yeah, now I think about it..." Asher frowned. "What that man up to..." 
Zale raised his head and stared at them. He had noticed it long ago, but they only mentioned about it now. 
"Don’t you think this is the time for your training?" Zephyr patted his shoulder and Zale gave him a disapproving look. "Don’t give me that look. The luna specifically told me to train you and you yourself said that you are going to be her personal guard one day, without training, what are you going to do to protect her?" 
Begrudgingly, Zale followed Zephyr to the garden and resume their training. He didn’t hate the training, he only wanted to be close to the luna. 
============================ 
"I don’t think this is right..." Kian pushed Nala away from him. He breathed heavily. His whole body was shaking, as he held back his desire to have the woman in front of him. He must be crazy to reject such beauty when she had thrown herself on him and now she was half naked, all he needed to do was to keep going. No one would know. He didn’t harm anyone. 
"Why? You don’t want me?" Nala looked sad, her lips trembled, the rejection hurt her so much. She covered her body, as if she was shameful of her nakedness. 
"It’s not like that... it’s..." Kian couldn’t find the right word to say. He couldn’t understand how he could end up with her in this kind of situation. This was not the right time for this. "You are the merchant’s woman, we shouldn’t be in this kind of... situation. I am sorry, this is my mistake." 
"I know I am not worth it... you don’t need to feel sorry for me. That’s not your fault. This is my fault for having this feeling for you. I am sorry." 
Kian approached Nala and tried to touch her, but she flinched. 
Nala turned around, she had her back faced him. "Please, leave..." Her voice was shaking, as if she was holding back her tears. 
"Nala..." Kian tried to speak, but she covered her ears, which left him with no other options. "Let’s talk again later. I will see you again." Kian didn’t want to leave her like this, but he couldn’t leave for long and Nala was too emotional to listen to him. 
However, once Nala heard the door was closed, her expression changed in a second and her body stopped trembling. She glanced at the door and pursed her lips. 
Not long after, Sabian entered the room. "That’s quick..." the old sorcerer commented. 
"Well, there is nothing happened." Nala shrugged her shoulders. 
"If there was nothing happened, there is no progress then." Sabian averted his gaze when Nala turned around to take her clothes from the ground. This woman didn’t even think of him as a man at all, as she casually walked half naked in front of him and started to put on her dress again. 
Sabian could only sigh deeply. He didn’t know what was in Lou’s mind, he thought, he finally settled with someone and stopped his weird obsession over the luna, but now, things took a weird turn between Lou and Nala. 
He couldn’t understand both of them at all. 
"Not really..." Nala said languidly. It was about how could you play with someone’s feeling, the moment you knew that they wanted you, half of the work was done and the rest would follow in time. "He felt guilty and sorry for me, for now, that’s enough..." 
The feeling of guilty and sorry could be dangerous feeling in the wrong hand, especially someone, who knew how to play those feeling well. 
"You can refuse master’s order for this if you were not comfortable, you know." Sabian finally could sigh in relief when Nala was fully clothed. 
"And then I will no longer be useful for him." If she was no longer useful for Lou, there was no way that crazy profiteer would keep her. This was her way to survive. 
Though deep down, Nala hated her life even more. 
It was hard to be a woman, but then if she were a man, she would have died by now. No one would take a pity on man or having soft spot for them, whether that was for good intention or not, like they did to woman, Kian was an example... 
=========================== 
"That’s the Serafim! The Serafim is here!" 
"The Serafim is here!" 
"The Holy Knights are here!" 
People chanted joyfully and threw flowers petal that they could find. They plucked all the flowers they could find in all the gardens around the pack house, this was not the festivities that the Serafim deserved, but their current situation didn’t allow them to do mor than this. 
More so, they only knew about the arrival of the Serafim a day before, because Serafim and her five hundreds Holy Knights traveled in secret. That was why, it took them six days to arrive, they were late by a day from the time they had planned. 
"Look. These people are very excited to see you," Liam said. He wanted to cheer Abby up, because she was very gloomy, since she delayed their journey. She caught a flu during their travel and now she was still not in her best health, even so, she refused to take a rest. They were behind the schedule. 
"I hope I can meet their expectation of me," Abby replied, she had a beautiful smile on her lips when she waved her hands to the people that greeted them. 
"You will, Abby. You will. You are stronger than you think." Liam tried to reassure her of this, since her mood had been down lately, because of her frail body. 
Abby didn’t say anything, she continued to give the people her empty smile, which didn’t reach her eyes at all. "I want to see the luna." 
"You need to rest first." 
"No. I want to see her first." There were a lot of reason why Abby was very adamant to see Iris and immediately choose to go when Koda suggested for her to lead her Knights here because the situation in the Red Claw pack was no longer condusive 
The Serafim left for her own safety and alpha Colter made it looked like they were very concern about her wellbeing, but what she and her Holy Knights didn’t know was; all of this was part of Cane’s plan, so alpha Colter could use his force of magic users to take down the Golden Light pack, without being noticed by the Serafim and the Holy Knights. 
"Abby..." Liam tried to reason with her, but she rode her horse ahead, she didn’t want to listen to what he was going to say. 
Meanwhile, Cedric rode the horse next to Liam. "Don’t make it very obvious, Liam. You crossed the line again, the other knights started to become suspicious of the relationship between you two." 
After saying that, Cedric rode his horse ahead to stay by Abby’s side, so it wouldn’t look like Liam was the only one, who was very close with the Serafim. Rumor had started among the knights. 
Inside the pack house, Aliana was informed that the Serafim agreed to immediately see Iris, Arthur and Leros had told her about Iris’s condition and how they asked for her help. 
"Luna... what are you?" Aliana spoke softly, as she held Iris’s hand. "You are not a shifter, you are not a runt, you are different from magic users and healers alike... what are you?" 
Her first encounter with Decratic not only left the dark soul depleted from his power, but so did Iris. She was still trying to figure out her own power and her outburst at that time had backfired on her when she tried to stop Decratic from hurting her people. 
Aliana’s line of thought was cut short when someone knocked on the door and Reed’s voice could be heard, informing her that the Serafim was already there. 
"Aliana, the Serafim is here. She wants to see the luna." Reed glanced at the Serafim, who was standing not too far from them, surrounding by her five Holy Knights. 
They were speechless to see how eerily similar this Serafim with their luna, though Iris’s hair was not as red as hers, but their blue eyes were the same shade of blue. 
If you didn’t pay close attention, you probably would be mistaken the two of them. They looked at each other, communicating what they were thinking about this Serafim and their luna. 
Abby could feel it that they were stealing a glance at her, but she tried to ignore the discomfort. 
Their attention finally shifted toward the door when Aliana opened it. She was taken aback too when she saw the Serafim, but she composed herself quickly. "Please, come in."
###Chapter 669: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (11)
Chapter 669: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (11)
Abby entered the room alone, while her five knights waited outside with the other warriors of the luna. There was a brief introduction between them, but it was short and tensed. 
Meanwhile, inside the bedroom were the Serafim, Aliana, the healer and laying unconsciously on the bed was the luna of the Howling Wolf pack, the woman, who rumored as a runt, but as it turned out, she had a great healing power, where she could heal one of the warriors from being a cripple. 
"Her vitals are fine, Serafim." Penny gave the Serafim a rundown, she was a little bit stammering here and there, because she had never met someone as powerful as Serafim before. 
For small and insignificant people like her, the Serafim was akin to a Goddess. Someone that you could only hear from a tale. Their power was unmatched and unlimited. They could use their power as they like and was not bounded to the magic stone, unlike those magic users. 
Penny had her head hung very low, she couldn’t afford to offend the Serafim. 
On the other hand, Aliana kept her composure quite well, she gave the Serafim the same amount of respect that she showed to the alpha, nothing more, nothing less. 
"Thank you for your information, Penny, I am really appreciated it." Serafim stood next to Iris’s bed and a heavy curtain was drawn, which concealed her. 
"I only did what I have to do, Serafim." Penny beamed because someone like Serafim remembered her name and was appreciated with her effort. 
"Can you leave us for a moment?" Abby spoke gently and Penny resigned herself. She went out of the bedroom and closed the door. "Can I see her?" Abby directed her attention toward Aliana, once the healer was no longer there. 
"Yes, Serafim." Aliana then withdrew the curtain and revealed the luna. 
Iris was still unconscious, her face was still pale, but she looked like she was just sleeping. 
However, the moment Abby fixed her eyes on Iris, her heart skipped a beat. She widened her eyes in surprised and it was very clear to see that she was not prepared for what she was seeing. 
A woman, who seemed around her age, or a little bit younger than her, with the shade of red hair. They could be passed as sister. 
Abby had heard it from Koda that the luna of the Howling Wolf pack had auburn hair and both of them almost looked similar, but she didn’t think much of it. The similarity must be the color of their hair or the blue eyes that they had, though it was uncommon for shifter to have such eyes color, unless they were the color of gold, but that color only reserved for the royal bloodline. 
However, Abby could see the similarity between the two of them was beyond the mere color of their hair and probably their eyes. 
"You must be shocked because the two of you look so much alike, Serafim," Aliana said, she broke this awkward silence that hang in the air. "Me too. I was shocked when I saw you earlier." She then added. "I don’t mean any disrespect, Serafim, but you look very similar with our luna." 
Abby shook her head, as if she was trying to get her mind straight and regain her composure. "Not at all. You are right. Outsider might mistake us as a sister." Abby had to admit it. "Is she... really from this continent?" 
"She was born in this continent. Her father was the alpha of the Blue Moon pack and her mother was the luna." 
Abby nodded. "So I heard." That was a common information and she already knew about it. "The color of her hair is not common in this continent." 
"Yes," Aliana agreed, but gently she corrected her. "Even though, it’s not common, but there are a few shifters or magic users with this color that I knew of. One of our warriors is a red hair." 
"Oh... it seems, I need to learn more about this continent." Abby smiled at Aliana. 
"That will be a blessing for our people for you wanting to know more about us," Aliana replied, she didn’t mean it in sarcastic way, knowing how people in the Andelus continent saw them, shifter. "I am sorry for the trouble, Serafim, but if you don’t mind, just like you can see, our luna is in strange condition. The healer said her vitals are fine, but she has not yet woken up for days and we are worried about it." 
Aliana changed the topic very smoothly, as she directed their focus to the main problem in this room. She could be very silly and reckless when she was in cahoots with Ethan, but then she could be very dependable like her beta brother. 
Ever since, Cane had been often absent from the pack, it was Jace, who had to maintain the Howling Wolf pack and the Blue Moon pack, kept them in check. That was not an easy task to do and could only be done by someone that the alpha completely trusted. 
"If you this information can help... our luna is currently pregnant, she is almost three months by now." Aliana had discussed this with the alpha and they agreed to let the Serafim knew about Iris’s pregnancy beforehand, to avoid any mishap, no matter how small it was. 
"Pregnant." Abby repeated the word and then sat down on the edge of the bed and stared at Iris’s face. She tried to focus on the matter at hand and shook off this strange feeling she had upon seeing the luna. 
"Yes, Serafim." Aliana nodded. 
Abby was silence for a while, before she stretched out her hand to hold Iris’s. "Let’s see what I can do..." 
However, Abby let out a scream the moment her hand touched Iris’s, which made Aliana shocked and panic when the Serafim fell to the floor, as if someone just pushed her harshly. 
"Serafim! What happened?!" Aliana immediately rushed to her side. 
And at the same time, the door was slammed opened and the five knights immediately rushed toward the Serafim with their drawn swords. Behind them were the warriors. 
One of them kicked Aliana away from Abby, which made her head bumped against the table and the sight of it made the seven warriors growled at them. 
"What the hell do you think you are doing?!" Reed growled at the knight, who had kicked Aliana away and Eron rushed to her side, while the other were seething at the knights. 
"Aliana, are you, okay?!" Dyne came to her side too.
"Back off!" Cedric roared at the warriors, but of course, they didn’t have any intention to listen to such order after what they had done to Aliana. "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO THE SERAFIM?!" 
Within five hundred people that they brought with them, two hundreds of them were magic users, they were enough to tear down this pack. 
This situation was not something they expected. 
=========================== 
"The Serafim has arrived in the Bloody Wolf pack," Ethan informed Cane. "If the Serafim agreed to meet with Iris right away, she must have visited her by now." 
Cane nodded with the report. "What about the Red Claw pack?" He asked nothing else. 
However, Lou was furious when he heard how nonchalant Cane was. "That’s it? You didn’t ask anything anymore and jump straight to your battle strategy again?" The merchant was in disbelieve. 
Ethan also expected for Cane to ask more about the meeting between Iris and the Serafim, but then he remembered, Aliana had not yet sent another letter and probably she wouldn’t until later when there was something she could report as a result of the meeting between the Serafim and the luna. 
Cane was right, there was no question could be answered. 
"If you don’t care about her, I am going to see her!" Lou was upset with how callous the alpha was. How could he act all lovey dovey and like a lovesick teenager in one day and then a nonchalant asshole in the next day? 
"And exposed yourself as the magic user to the whole people from the Holy Kingdom?" Ethan knew how much Lou hated it when one more person learned about his ability. He was not sure why he was like that, since became a magic user was not even something you needed to be shame of. But, this merchant made it sound like that. 
Not only that, he had been miserable because he couldn’t get his red clothes and was being in an extremely bad mood in his yellow color clothes. 
"If that’s your plan, go ahead. I want to see Iris too," Ethan taunted him, because he knew Lou wouldn’t take the risk. Actually, there was another person that he wanted to see to. 
Defeated, but didn’t want to admit it, Lou scoffed, as he sat down again. "What else? How is it? Has she woken up yet?" 
Ethan glanced at Cane, wanted to see his reaction for having someone else was crazily worried over his mate, but the alpha didn’t show any reaction. His expression was still the same, he simply repeated his last question. 
"What about Red Claw pack?" Cane asked again. 
"They are waiting for your further instruction, Cane. Koda and alpha Colter have managed to settle down the ruckus in the Golden Light pack and they intended to erase the name of the Golden Light pack from this continent." Ethan shrugged his shoulders. "This is only a suggestion, but knowing those people, they might go ahead with that plan, since they are still in euphoria for being able to control all the pack in the west part of the continent." 
"Is there a movement from the warriors that have been marching here?" 
"They should be arrived since yesterday, but it seems, the fact their pack has fallen caused trouble within their rank." 
"Who leads them?" 
Ethan shook his head. "Our spy still couldn’t get the information about, who leads the warrior from the Golden Light pack, but our best guess, it’s someone from their own pack." 
There was another silence that befell inside the tent, while Lou glared at Cane in frustration. Why would he ask about unimportant thing when it was a critical moment for his mate? 
However, little did the merchant knew, it was not Cane didn’t care about his mate. He cared so much about her, until he barely able to concentrate with this complicated plan. 
Cane needed to focus. He had to eliminate all the mishap that might happen, this was the critical point in his grand scheme, but then the thought of Iris and their baby kept coming to his mind and he had to try harder not to lose his control and give up to his impulsiveness. 
"Prepare yourself." Cane stood up, his words were directed to Lou. 
"Why?" the merchant looked at the alpha with distrust in his eyes. 
"We will go to the Black Market." 
"Really?" Lou widened his eyes. He had mixed feeling about it. The Black Market was kind of a home for him, but then he would be away from Iris. He didn’t like that. "Are you sure alpha Gallot will not hunt us down and welcome us with open arms and his big, warm hug?" 
"Maybe, you can get a kiss from him if you asked," Ethan responded with a chuckled and Lou threw him a nasty look. 
============================== 
"Everything is ready, my lord," Zeke said solemnly, as he entered the king’s bedroom, where Decratic was sitting on his bed, looked lethargic. 
Even after he took Alan’s blood, he still couldn’t recover as quick as he wanted. 
"We got the Asturi Stem, but not much." Zeke had tried to find it, but that kind of thing was really hard, even if you had all the money in this whole realm. 
"Good." Decratic nodded. "We will go now." 
They were going to the north.
###Chapter 670: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (12)
Chapter 670: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (12)
When the Howling Wolf pack was being attacked by Blue Moon pack, Celestial Moon pack was also under constraint because of the constant monster attack in their territory, which rendered them unable to be any help for the former. 
This constant monster attack also put them in tight spot, where they couldn’t do much, aside from defending the north. Their hands were tight because of it, which caused their pack secluded from everything that was happening in this continent. 
But later on, Cane and alpha Derick learned that king Aeon had been using Asturi Stem as his method to rile up the monsters in the north, which was the caused of their dire situation. They didn’t have any idea how long King Aeon had been feeding the monsters in the north with the Asturi Stem. 
However, before the matter with the Asturi Stem could be cleared up and they were able to come up with something to counter that, a lot of unexpected things happened, which brought them, to today. 
And yet, the worst had not yet to come. 
"The king will be here?" Alpha Derick narrowed his eyes at his son. He was his heir, the next in line for the alpha position. "What is he going to do here?" The old alpha still looked energetic, as if he could live for another hundred of years. His grey hair was tied into a bun. This was a tradition for the man in the north to grow their hair. 
And constant battle had hardened their features. The way they talked and the way they moved, as if they were in high alert all the time, thus mostly people from the north had this strong intimidating air around them, especially the alpha. 
"There is further explanation, but this time the king will stay for a little bit longer," Cezi said. He was alpha Derick’s firstborn. 
Alpha Derick clicked his tongue in annoyance. He indeed had pledged his loyalty to the king to save his pack, his people and his daughter also prince Kellan from being executed, but deep in his heart, he despised Alan so much. He was still Kellan’s loyal supporter and was happy when the prince took his youngest daughter as his mate, this emphasized his status as a family and how important he was for this pack. 
"Is there any news from Cane?" Alpha Derick’s tone was a little bit hurt when he asked about Cane. 
He refused to help his pack and since then the relationship between them was a little bit complicated, because with alpha Derick pledged his loyalty to the new king and Cane supported Red Claw pack, they were standing in the opposite side. 
Alpha Derick couldn’t understand why Cane didn’t support prince Kellan like his father did. In his opinion Cane had gone astray from what he and his best friend’s belief. 
"No." Cezi shook his head. 
"What about the situation in the southern border?" It was the area where the border warriors and Winter Moon pack pit on Cane’s warriors. 
"Still the same, alpha Cane took his warriors to retreat near the Bloody Wolf pack and set their defense there, until now, there is still no movement from him." 
Alpha Derick nodded, his brows furrowed harder, as he gritted his teeth. What Cane was up to? It was clear to see that Cane and his people’s situation right now was not the best. 
"Father." Cezi was a little bit hesitated when he was going to inform this. 
"What is it?" 
"There is a rumor that prince Kellan led the Golden Light pack toward the battlefield in the south." 
"What a nonsense." Alpha Derick waved his hand. "How he could lead a huge amount of warriors when he is having a hard time to stand?" 
"Golden Light pack is the former pack of Lady Abigail, prince Kellan’s mother, I think he still, somehow, holds some power over there. More so..." Cezi frowned when he said the next thing. "Some people saw him standing." He fished out a letter from his pocket. "Arella sent a letter to confirm that too." 
"No way." Alpha Derick snatched the letter from Cezi’s hand and read it himself. "No way... what is happening? How could this even be possible?" 
"Black magic," Cezi suggested, but alpha Derick shot down the idea. 
"Prince Kellan will not indulge himself in such degrading activity." 
"You can’t be sure about that." 
"I know him so well, ever since he was a child. Why do you think I always support him? He is the future for this continent." 
"Father, you think too highly of him. I still don’t agree with the way he mated with Arella. He is twice her age!" 
"Age doesn’t matter. Arella is mature enough for her age and it is an honor for us to have prince Kellan as part of our family." 
"An honor for you, not for me." Cezi’s voice had turned very dark. This had been a constant heated topic for both of them, because Cezi was still weirded out by how prince Kellan and Arella got together. "I can’t even imagine to be with someone around Arella’s age!" He was not even as old as Kellan. 
"Enough!" 
Cezi’s jaw hardened. He was bewildered by his father’s blind devotion toward prince Kellan. The prince was nice and all, but he didn’t have a good feeling about him. 
"I will make a preparation to welcome the king." Cezi didn’t want to tangle in another heated argumentation with his father and chose to leave. 
============================ 
"Cane have planned for the Red Claw pack to attack the Golden Light pack, while all of the warriors went to the battlefield in the south," Redmond said to Cyan. "I have warned alpha Gallot about this and asked to meet you sooner, but I don’t think all of you believed what I am saying until it is too late and now, the Red Claw pack has taken control over the west." 
Redmond tried to hide the disdain in his eyes for the woman before him. A woman as a strategist in war? No offense, but he didn’t think this cunning lady knew what she was doing. She might good at manipulating people, credited to her ability to be able to control people’s mind, but in this game, she was suck. 
"Don’t underestimate Cane. He knows when to attack and when to retreat. In a war, it’s not only about making an aggressive attack against your opponent," Redmond added when he saw how visibly upset lady Cyan was. 
Lady Cyan raised her brows. "Are you trying to lecture me?" 
"I only want to say that I have more experience in a battlefield than you." Redmond didn’t look care so much with the way Lady Cyan threw him an angry look. He looked as reckless as usual. 
"And yet, you failed to protect the Blue Moon pack and your pack was defeated." 
"Talking about being defeated. It makes two of us." Redmond casually reminded lady Cyan about her attempt to kill Cane in the Goffa Mountain, which was not very much appreciated by her. "He has the lycan. That’s what make him stronger than any shifter or any magic user." 
Redmond simply stated the fact, which both of them were already knew. 
The anger in lady Cyan’s eyes was not subsided, but Redmond could see she warmed up with his suggestion and some of his idea, as he advised how to counter Cane’s attack. 
"Stay here. I want you to meet with someone." Lady Cyan walked toward the door after she finished hearing all Redmond’s suggestion about how to get their hand on Cane now the alpha was going to leave for the Black Market. 
"Who?" Redmond stretched out his body. Talking with this woman drained out all of his energy. 
Lady Cyan didn’t answer that question, but instead, she turned around and stared at Redmond right in the eyes. "Your baby looks more and more like you. He has your red hair." 
Redmond’s expression didn’t change. "And then, what do you want to say?" A second later, a smirk appeared on the corner of his lips. "Do you really think I care about that drooling creature?" That statement followed with a laughter. "My lady, let’s focus with the matter at hand. You don’t need to bother with that baby. I came here under the pretext to demand the compensation from alpha Gallot on behalf of Cane for the silly scheme that he pulled against him. I don’t care what happened between the two of them, but my goal to come here is to meet you and accept your offer. I know it’s a little bit late, but I don’t see why you can’t trust me in this." 
"You will be so na?ve if you are talking about trust after your betrayal." 
Redmond shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. "I spent my time enough with Cane to know I don’t like him and you are the better option. Do you really thing a drooling baby will tie me down?" 
The corner of Lady Cyan’s lips quirked up. "We will see about that." 
And after that, she left the room, where Redmond stood in the same place, stared at the closed door without any expression on his face at all. It was hard to tell what was in his mind. 
But it was not so long when someone entered the room and his emotionless expression morphed into horror to see who had stepped in. 
"Heaven!" Redmond shouted, he staggered back when he saw her. "How...?! You supposed to be dead!" 
"Hello, Redmond," Aria called his name, she looked satisfied to see fear in his eyes. "It has been a while." 
"Go back to hell, you bitch!" 
======================== 
"Stop it! All of you!" Abby roared, she was too shocked when she felt the pain the moment she made a contact with Iris, which caused her screaming, but when the knights and the warriors were ready to fight for this misunderstanding, Abby quickly regained her composure and forcefully pushed back her bewilderment upon what had happened earlier. "Step back, Cedric! She didn’t hurt me!" 
Cedric was in front of her, while Liam cradled her body and the other three knights were ready to fight. 
"You were screaming earlier!" Liam protested. "What happened?!" 
"Withdraw your swords! Put it down!" Abby commanded them sternly, which left them with no other option, but to do the same. They didn’t sheath their sword, but simply lowered it down, just in case. 
"Are you, okay?" Abby asked Aliana, who was being pushed harshly earlier. 
"Don’t come closer to these animals, Serafim!" Ezra, one of the knights warned Abby, which only provoked the warriors, whose three of them were already in their beast form. 
"Watch your words, Ezra! I don’t appreciate it!" Abby reprimanded her knights, as she stood up and tried to deescalate the situation. 
But before that, it was Zale’s voice that shifted their attention from this heated argumentation. The young boy was currently sitting on the other side of the bed, no one noticed he was there until now. 
"She opened her eyes! The luna opens her eyes!" He informed them excitedly. 
Aliana immediately pulled the curtain even wider to see Iris groaned softly and how her eyes fluttered. She tried to move her body, feeling uncomfortable. 
"Luna Iris, are you, okay?" Aliana immediately approached Iris and checked on her. "Reed, call Penny to come here!" 
Reed didn’t need to be told twice, as he rushed out of the room, while the warriors in their beast form immediately shifted back into their human skin and gathered around the bed. 
Meanwhile, the knights were dumbstruck to see Iris for the first time, they shifted their eyes back and forth from Iris to Abby, especially when the luna opened her eyes and they saw her blue eyes, those shade of blue was exactly the same color like the Serafim. 
"My baby..." Iris touched her stomach, fear crept in. 
"Don’t worry, the baby is fine..." Aliana reassured her.
###Chapter 671: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (13)
Chapter 671: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (13)
Redmond knew that Dark Magic could do the unthinkable, but to revive someone that supposed to be dead... wasn’t that against all the nature?! How was that even possible?! 
"How?! You are supposed to die!" 
Redmond was sure Aria was dead. Everyone saw her, everyone witnessed it when she was being hanged. There was no trick. She was dead. Thousand of people confirmed that. 
But, right now, she was very much alive, aside from her red eyes, there was nothing much that change from her. 
Redmond still disliked this woman, dead or not. 
"I can see how happy you are to see me," Aria said, as she sat down on the sofa in front of Redmond casually, her movement was very smooth. 
"Worms must have eaten your brain if you see me happy to meet you." Redmond knew how to piss someone off, dead or not. 
"Sit down." Aria nodded at the chair across from her, acting as if she was the person in charge here, but she couldn’t do that to Redmond. The man would choose to stand on fire rather than did what she told him to do. "Since, we are on the same side now, shouldn’t we be civil with each other?" Aria suggested. She clicked her tongue to see the stubbornness in Redmond. 
"I don’t want to be close to a ghost, people said, they can eat your spirit." 
Aria squinted her eyes and let it go, as she continued to speak. "So, we will meet with Cane in the Black Market? Why don’t we discuss about it?" 
"We?" Redmond narrowed his eyes. He didn’t like the sound of it and was still weirded out to see this woman was actually alive. 
Heaven! Couldn’t she die for real? Like dead dead? 
=============================== 
The first thing that worried Iris the most was her baby. She was not sure how long she had lost her consciousness, but she remembered what the caused of it and the memory of her encounter with Decratic etched clearly in her mind. 
However, Aliana reassured her that she and the baby were fine, Penny also came to check on her and say the same thing. 
Only then, Iris drifted her attention to the woman with red hair before her eyes. She had seen her and the Holy Knights, but because her focus was on her baby, until she got the assurance both of them were fine, she was not going to put her focus on someone or something else. 
The tension between the warriors and the knights were slightly subsided and after some pleasantries and a brief introduction, Abby asked alone time with Iris. 
"I don’t think it’s a good idea, Serafim," Aliana said. "You just arrived from a long journey and you must be tired, our luna too, need some rest." 
"It’s okay, Aliana," Iris said. She touched her arm and could feel her worry for her, which she gratefully appreciated. 
However, just like Abby, there were a few things that she needed to talk alone, only the two of them. 
In the end, after some back and forth, all of them had to leave the two women alone, since they were the one, who called the shot, no matter how they were being outnumbered by their worried protectors. 
"They can be a little bit fussy, don’t you think?" Abby said gently, as she sat down on the bed, beside Iris. 
"I agreed." Iris was still surprised to see the Serafim, but somehow, she felt familiar with her, as if they were not a stranger. There was some connection between them that the two of them couldn’t explain... yet. 
"Are you sure, you are fine to have this conversation?" Abby didn’t dare to touch Iris, she was still reeling on what happened earlier. 
"I am fine." Iris’s concern was on her baby and when she got the assurance that she needed, where her baby was fine, she wanted to have this conversation with Abby. 
"Okay." Abby then pulled out something from inside her white robe and then placed it close to Iris’s hand. It was the lizard. The creature was currently sleeping, but when Iris touched it, it perked it head and then snuggled against her palms. "I think the salamander belongs to you, so I need to give it back to you." 
"Thank you." Iris smiled. 
Salamander... the man in the Black Market said the lizard was the Salamander, one of the Serafim’s mythical creatures and now, the Serafim confirmed that.
"Serafim..." 
"Abby, please. Just call me Abby." 
"Abby." Cane’s straightforward personality must have rubbed on Iris, because just like her mate, she didn’t talk in roundabout manner, as she addressed the main issue in this room. "Earlier, I absorbed your power, didn’t I?" 
Absorbed her power. 
That was what Iris really did earlier when Abby touched her. She felt her power was being sucked out of her body and... she could tell? 
Abby’s silence confirmed that. 
"Do you have some explanation why it happened?" Iris asked, she was unconscious, but her subconsciousness could tell what happened, the feeling was similar when she used her power. The feeling when she realized she had Na’s life essence inside her body. 
"No." Abby stood up. She tried to look calm, but the panic in her eyes betrayed her. "I don’t think you absorb my power, luna. But, I can say I am the one, who gave my power to you, to heal you." Abby waved her hand. "Just like you can see, you are awake and your baby is fine. No one can take the power from a Serafim, luna. I think you are confused." 
Iris felt bad, she thought she had worded her words carefully. "Please, don’t take an offense for what I was saying. I didn’t mean it that way." Iris felt bad because Abby interpreted it differently. 
"I think both of us, indeed, need some rest. I will take my leave then. Let’s talk about this when you are already in a better condition." 
And with that, Abby walked out of the room, she felt her heart was on her throat. She squeezed her hands nervously. 
She absorbed her power. She absorbed it even when she was unconscious and she couldn’t even stop it. No, she didn’t even realize it until she mentioned it. 
The thought of that scared Abby. 
"Are you alright, Serafim?" Cedric asked Abby when she walked out of the room and looked pale. 
"I am fine. A little bit tired. I want to take some rest." Abby looked at Aliana and nodded politely at her. "I hope you can forgive what happened earlier." 
"There was nothing happened, Serafim," Aliana said politely. 
And with that, Abby and her knights went away, occupied the west side of the pack house, where she fell sick for a week and no one saw her went out of the bedroom, she didn’t even attend the banquet in her honor. It was only her knights, who could be seen and some of the people from the Holy Kingdom roamed around the area, where she stayed. 
On the other hand, Iris was bedridden for a few weeks. She and the baby were fine, but she was tired easily and spent most of her time sleeping and eating. 
Aliana didn’t have many interactions with her, aside for Iris asking about Cane and the situation in the border. 
The situation in the border met with stalemate because the warrior from the Golden Light pack chose to go back to fight Red Claw pack, chased them away from their pack, which left the border warriors without reinforcement to attack Cane’s party and raze the pack in the south, like what they had planned in the beginning. 
Winter Moon pack, didn’t have their alpha to tell them what to do and what step to take. Not to mention, among this chaos, they had the only heir of the alpha in the pack, they couldn’t make a reckless move to without clear instruction. 
While Alpha Nolan besieged the people in Diandem pack and prevented Cane’s party to retreat behind its gates, at the same time, locking himself up in what he thought was his sanctuary, thinking it was his best move, but in fact, he only walked down the path that Cane wanted him to tread. 
More so, all the hawk had been killed and none of the warriors managed to deliver alpha Nolan’s letter, since they would go missing or dead in that matter. All form of communication was cut off, which rendered them was isolated inside Diandem pack. 
And right now, Cane left Mal in charge for all the warriors, while he went to the Black Market with the gamma, the merchant and his two personal warriors, Dean and Pax. 
They would meet with Redmond there. 
Cane only sent one letter for Iris ever since she had woken up from her unconsciousness. Aliana informed the alpha right away when Iris woke up and she and the baby were in perfect health and there was nothing to be worried about. 
"One letter!" Iris growled in frustration. "I sent him countless letter, but he only replied with one?!" 
"You sent him one hundred and eight to be precise," Aliana teased her, which didn’t help to alleviate Iris’s mood at all, as she was growling at her right now. "Growling doesn’t suit you, luna." She chuckled, but then stopped herself since she saw how frustrated Iris was. 
"Fine! If he doesn’t want me to bother him, I will not bother him at all! I will not send him a single letter! Not anymore!" Iris was very angry, but a moment later she was crying and Aliana had to console her. "I am not crying because I am sad. He doesn’t care about me!" 
"I know, luna, I know." Aliana hugged Iris. 
The luna had been in bad mood because she felt neglected, but also felt very bad because she felt that way, since she knew what kind of situation they were in right now and Cane had plenty in his hands to deal with, he didn’t need a spoiled, crybaby mate to bother him. 
Iris knew that, but still... It was very conflicted feeling. She wanted his attention. She wanted him to be close to her, but felt guilty when she couldn’t control that feeling. 
"The alpha must have missed you so bad too, that’s why he limited himself from communicating with you, because he will be tempted to rush back here to be with you." Aliana caressed Iris’s back gently. 
"You are good at creating story, Aliana," Iris grumbled. "You should write a book." 
Aliana laughed and then stopped herself when Iris grunted and then let go of her, as she turned around and curled herself on the bed. Bad mood. 
In the letter, Cane told her that he was going to go somewhere, but he would return to see her as soon as possible. 
That was it. There was nothing else. After hundred of letter that Iris sent to him and she was sure the hawks in this pack looked at her with disgust and hated her for making them to go back and forth, she only got that simple letter. 
Cane was very mean! 
And with that, Iris cried herself to sleep. Tomorrow, she was going to meet with Abby. There were a lot of things to be discussed about her power. 
Meanwhile, the Serafim was not in good mood as well, Abby had been thinking about the salamander. The creature should have attached to her, but it chose to be with Iris instead. 
More importantly, how she could absorb her power? 
"Abby, you shouldn’t be out here," Liam said, as he approached Abby with a warm cloak and draped it on her shoulders. She was staring at the gloomy sky. 
Put aside the matter with Iris, the pressure was surreal when she learned the people here expected her to chase away these dark clouds, when to be honest, she didn’t have the power to do so.
###Chapter 672: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (14)
Chapter 672: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (14)
"What is bothering you, Abby?" Liam hugged her from behind and she leaned her back against his chest, feeling the comfort of his presence. If there was something good of having this title as the Serafim, it must be him. 
Because of this damned title, she could meet with him and they could be together. 
"She is... more powerful than me, Liam. I can feel it." 
Liam immediately knew, who ’she’ Abby was referring to. "Nonsense. You are the Serafim, Abby. No people more powerful than you, not even the magic user and now the signs of the Decratic has slowly appeared, you are the Serafim, who is destined to end it." 
Abby shook her head. Liam couldn’t understand what she meant, because he adamant to put her in pedestal when in truth, she was nothing, but the weakest Serafim alive, just like what those people said about her. 
"No, Liam. It’s different. She is different." 
"Because of the similarity between you two?" 
That bothered Abby too, but there was more and when she told Liam about all of her doubt, he reacted as she had expected. 
"You are the Serafim, no one else. You don’t need to think of such impossible thing to happen. There will be no two Serafims in this realm." Liam turned Abby’s body around and cupped her face. "She will be an impostor if she claimed herself as one and she will be punished for that." 
Abby didn’t want to say anything anymore, she simply nodded and ended this topic, since it wouldn’t go anywhere and Liam couldn’t offer her solution. 
"When the Holy Knights will arrive?" Abby asked. She had sent word to the ships to change direction. They would dock in the Crystal Moon pack, instead of the Winter Moon pack. 
"They will arrive in a week and it will take another week to march here." 
Abby nodded with the information. She wished, she would know how the Decratic looked like and ended things here smoothly. 
However, the truth was not as easy as she planned it. 
Because miles away, in the north of the continent, the king arrived in the Celestial Moon pack with his entourage. 
Cezi and alpha Derick greeted the king and let him to occupy the west tower, like he had mentioned in his letter. Alan didn’t want to stay in the pack house, instead, he wanted to occupy the west tower, which was the furthest tower from the pack house and monster attack frequently happened there. 
"I am sure your warriors will protect me from any monster attack," Decratic replied languidly. It started to get cold here and the gloomy clouds that loomed above their head added to the chill in the air. 
"It is not safe there, my king," alpha Derick tried to persuade him, but Decratic simply walked away from him, ignored all the warning, which left alpha Derick bewildered. This was not the man that he knew. 
Everyone in this continent knew how Alan was and how he loved his life more than anything. There was no way he would risk his life to stay in a dangerous place. 
But then, alpha Derick could only oblige, since he was his king now. 
"Perfect." Decratic oversaw the land beyond the fortress, where the monsters laid their nests. People in the Celestial Moon pack, not even their bravest warriors had ever ventured further than the fortress. "Zeke." 
"Yes, my lord?" 
Zeke approached Decratic. They were alone in the highest room in the west tower, where you could see everything from up here. 
"Prepare the Asturi Stem. We will make a quick visit." 
"Yes, my lord." With that, Zeke left to make the preparation. 
The quick visit happened without anyone knowing it. All of the people assumed the king was in the west tower, resting for the rest of the day because of a long journey and didn’t want to be bothered.
However, the truth was; Decratic was miles away from the Celestial Moon pack with only his trusted worshipper, ventured deeper beyond the fortress of the pack, went further into the darkness of the Untouchable Land. 
No one had ever gone this deep, aside from Zeke before this. 
It was him, who had brought the Asturi Stem to a certain place, in the deepest of the Untouchable Land. The previous king, king Aeon, had been in constant need of Asturi Stem for a decade with the suggestion from lady Cyan, in order to keep the Celestial Moon pack in check and rendered them unable to make any move with the, seemingly, neverending attack from the monsters. 
But, the Asturi Stem would end up in Zeke’s hand. He had been living in this part of continent, the part, where no one ever touched, feeding the monsters with dark magic and... 
"Here... my lord." Zeke opened his arms, showing the path to Decratic. 
They were in the valley and what Zeke showed to Decratic was a small path, where you could see stairs that would bring you down to the lower plains of the valley. 
The more you went down, the hotter the atmosphere became, as if you went straight into a volcano, at the same time, you would hear a heavy breath that could shake the valley walls. They kept going down beside the steep valley sides. 
Along with the heavy breath, as if there were thousand of horses dying, vaguely they could hear the stream of water the moment they arrived at the flat valley floor. 
Something was moving in the dark, something big and scaly. 
"I have taken care of it, in faith for your return. It will be ready at your service, my lord." Zeke knelt down in front of Decratic. 
Decratic was a dark creature, his worshippers could control their opponent’s mind, but for him, he could do beyond that... 
Once he regained his full power, his control was not limited to human and shifters alike... it was beyond that. 
"Good job, Zeke. Good job." 
============================= 
"Home sweet home!" Lou was very satisfied after he met with all of his guildsmen. They arrived in the Moon Dew pack without any trouble and headed straight to the Black Market. 
This place was Lou’s territory, so of course, he was more than happy to be back to his nest. The place where he could be fully in control, especially when he managed to get to wear his tacky red cloak again. 
"Sit, Cane, sit!" Lou wriggled his leg, pointing at the sofa across from him with his toes, feeling wonderful and in control. "You don’t need to be awkward." 
"Show me the way to the water magic stone mines," Cane said. He leaned his back against the walls, crossing his arms, watching the merchant was full of himself. 
Lou scrunched his face unhappy. "Look. This is my place, you don’t have a say in it. And don’t even come closer to my mines. Don’t even think you can rob me twice." 
It was a year ago when the first time, he was here with Iris and so much had changed since that day. 
"I can find my way," Cane said, he didn’t feel like to be polite with Lou and he was in need of the magic stone. 
"Don’t you dare!" Lou immediately got off the sofa and chased after Cane, who had walked out of the room. 
The alpha was very sharp, even after a year, he still remembered his way to the water magic stone mines and Lou walked beside him begrudgingly, thinking Cane might lose his way. 
However, there was one more thing that Cane couldn’t do, even when he could find the water magic stone. 
The door. 
"Hahahahahah!" Lou laughed happily when Cane stuck in front of the closed door. He wouldn’t be able to open it. Only magic users could do that, but if you didn’t know the spell, then it wouldn’t even move an inch. "Well, well, well. I think this is the end of your journey. What are you going to do now, alpha?" Lou leaned his back against the stone wall, amused himself with the sight of Cane, standing there, staring at the door. 
"Open this door, Lou." Cane glanced at the merchant. "Open this door and make a portal for me to meet my mate." 
Lou rolled his eyes. "And if I did not want to?" 
Cane looked a little bit off, but what alarmed Lou was when he witnessed dark wisp emanated from his body, as if his own shadow had extended and had mind on its own. 
"Heaven! What is that?! Arrghggh!" Lou covered his face when the shadow shaped and crystalized into something solid and pummeled the door. "What the hell?!" 
It didn’t take long for the shadow to tear down the magic door, leaving a huge hole for Cane to enter. 
"SHIT!" Lou immediately chased after Cane, he waved his hand to settle down the dust and debris that floated in the air. "What the hell is that, Cane?! Answer me!" 
"There is no time," Cane said calmly, as he looked around this place. He remembered the spot where Iris pointed out there were many water magic stone. Though he didn’t know the exact spot, but he could start in the area she told him. 
"Yes, there is no time! Pay me back for the door you have broken!" Lou was furious. "Do you know how expensive that was!? You will go bankrupt if you heard the price of it! Damn you, Cane!" 
If in the past, Lou could only curse behind Cane’s back, now he could do it freely in front of him. It showed how much their relationship had grown after all those times together. 
"For the love of God!" Lou shouted when he watched how Cane looked for the magic stone. 
"You are not religious, Lou." 
Lou ignored Cane’s comment. "What that ominous thing that you used?! Did you tangle yourself with some kind of black magic or something?! Heaven!" 
Lou exclaimed when Cane used that thing like shadow to shatter a big chunk of rock in order to find the water magic stone. With his method, he managed to get three of the magic stone in no time and tossed it to Lou. 
"Create the portal," Cane said. 
Out of instinct, Lou caught his precious water magic stone and once again, he was being robbed right under his nose, without so much of explanation from the thief. 
"I will not..." 
"NOW!" 
Startled, Lou did what he was told out of instinct. This alpha was even scarier than the Deadeyes and Vermeyes combined. 
It was a command and Lou was made to oblige it. 
He created the portal and Cane didn’t waste a second to enter, where the merchant followed him suit, but he immediately regretted his decision when he watched Cane strode toward Iris and kissed her without any warning, which took her by surprised also. 
At first, Iris retaliated against him, but a second later when she realized who it was, she looked visibly relax and let Cane held her close to him. 
Aliana was combing her hair when suddenly Cane came and pulled her up. Thankfully, Aliana was tactful enough to approach Lou and save the merchant from being crazy upon witnessing their passionate moment. 
"Let’s go." Aliana tugged Lou’s arm to follow her out of the room. "Do you want to watch what they are going to do next?" She raised her brows when Lou tried to stay. 
Hearing that, Lou grunted and growled angrily, he stomped out of the room when Cane started to carry Iris to the bed. 
Damn it! Damn it! 
Lou stormed out of the room and the seven warriors outside of the bedroom stared at the merchant in shocked. How he could come out from the bedroom when they didn’t see him come inside? 
"Aliana! What is that?! How he could be there... wait." Eron frowned. "The alpha is inside?" They caught the alpha’s scent.
###Chapter 673: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (15)
Chapter 673: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (15)
"Yes, the alpha is inside." Aliana nodded and watched the merchant stormed out somewhere, but then he traced back and begrudgingly spoke with Kian. 
"You. Come with me, I forgot where is my room!" Lou pointed his finger at Kian. 
Kian was about to retort when Aliana waved her hand, indicating for him to go with the merchant before he was throwing a tantrum here. 
The warrior was a little bit conflicted when he followed the merchant. Of course, he knew where he stayed, he occupied the same room as Nala. She was his woman after all, there was no need for him to feel bitter. 
Yet, when they arrived at his room and Nala opened the door, Kian watched how the merchant kissed her without any scrupulous, he didn’t even care there was someone else there and slammed the door closed. 
However, Kian happened to catch Nala’s eyes and he couldn’t describe what to feel when he walked away, trying to get rid of the sight she was being kissed by someone else and their moans from inside the room. 
On the other hand, Aliana shooed away the rest of the warriors. 
"Yes, the alpha is inside with the luna, you better give them some space," Aliana said. She pushed Zephyr’s back and grabbed Dyne’s hand so they could move away from the door. "Go, go. Patrol around the area." 
"But, how? How the alpha and the merchant were inside the room? We have never seen them came inside!" Asher couldn’t let go of the topic. He wanted to get the clarification for it. 
"If you want to know, ask the alpha," Aliana replied tactfully and all of them grunted, they didn’t even need to try to know what kind of answer the alpha would give them. A complete silence. You would have a higher chance to be able to have a conversation with a sheep than got an answer from the alpha for that question. 
Meanwhile, inside the room, where it was only their heavy breathing that echoed against the walls and the pitter patter of rain outside, Iris finally managed to will herself to break the kiss. 
"No... No..." Iris said breathlessly, turned her face, so Cane would stop kissing her. "No, stop..." She knew where it would end up and despite her strong desire to have him after a long time to be away from each other, Iris’s annoyance for her mate seemingly won this time. 
Cane’s jaw clenched when he made a great effort to stop. He pressed his forehead against Iris’s, as he hovered above her carefully not to press her body, just in case he would hurt their baby. 
It took a while for Iris to calm down, for both of them to clear their mind a little bit, in order to have a decent conversation. 
"You can’t come and kiss me as you like after you ignored me for weeks," Iris said bitterly, she wanted to sound angry and firm, but she felt like crying. Ugh. She hated herself whenever she was overwhelmed with her emotions like this. 
Cane caressed her cheeks. "I am sorry." 
Not every day, you could hear the alpha from the south apologized, some of them would never hear it in their lifetime. 
His apology sounded very tender and genuine, which made Iris wanted to cry. Her emotions were all over the places. She wanted to continue being angry with him and pushed him away, so Cane would know how much he had hurt her, but at the same time, she wanted them to stay like this, she wanted him to hold her closer, coaxed and comforted her, while she kept sulking. 
It was so hard when your heart was not in sync with your mind. 
Iris cried because she was very upset with him and with herself for not being able to decide what she wanted to do now Cane was here. 
"I am sorry, Iris." Cane kissed her tears gently. His warm breath against her neck. "I am sorry." 
"No..." Iris whimpered, but she hugged him closer and looked for his lips. "Why did you ignore me? You don’t like me anymore? Did you find another woman? Did you find pretty woman? Answer me..." 
Alright. The last accusation sounded very silly and Iris showed her jealousy side in the worst way possible, even Cane himself thought it was ridiculous. Iris should have known that by now. 
"Iris..." Cane could only call her name when she kissed him, but at the same time, she was upset with him. Therefore, her kiss became a little bit aggressive when she started to bite him. 
Cane had to pull his head back slightly to save himself from his mate’s aggression, which didn’t make Iris happy at all. She tried to capture his lips again, but Cane already buried his face against the crook of her neck. 
"I didn’t mean to ignore you, but it will be hard for me to focus." He couldn’t make an error, he couldn’t afford a mistake in this critical moment and the bad news was, mistake happened all the time, no matter how well you prepared your plan. 
At the very least, Cane wanted to reduce his loss in the aftermath. He had to shoulder the responsibility of thousands lives. 
And yet, how could he focus when all he wanted was to cuddle with his mate and talk about their baby? Ignoring Iris completely was the best solution that he could think of. 
"You are selfish," Iris whimpered, she cried again. 
"I am, and I am sorry." Cane nuzzled against her neck. "Please, forgive me." 
How Iris could stay mad at him when he was like this? When she understood how hard it was for him? "I forgive you, but I am still mad." 
"Okay..." Cane agreed readily. 
"Now tell me..." 
But, before Iris could finish her words, Cane had moved to the side, removed himself from above her and a second later, Iris immediately knew why. 
"No...!" Iris grunted in frustration when Cane shifted into his lycan form and now it was the lycan by her side with his red eyes, staring at her. 
There was a frown between the lycan’s eyes, if you could call that... as if saying; ’You are not happy to see me’. 
Tonight must be the new moon, it was hard to tell when the sky became very monotonous with only gloomy clouds and pouring rain. 
"Ugh, I want Cane..." Iris scrunched her face, but then the lycan nuzzled her stomach and she couldn’t stay mad, as she caressed the lycan fur. 
In the morning, Cane called for Aliana to get Lou, because they needed to return to the Black Market. There were a few things that he had to handle before his meeting with Redmond. 
"You don’t wait until she wakes up, alpha?" Aliana asked Cane, as she glanced at the bed. She was standing in front of the door, but she knew Iris would wake up very late. This was not the hour, where she would be sober. 
"I will leave now." 
Aliana grimaced. "She will be very mad at you." 
Cane smiled, as he remembered how she bit him. "I know." He thought, he would prepare himself for more biting when he returned. "I don’t think I can leave, if she asked me to stay." 
Aliana smiled with that confession. "I will make sure she knows what you said. At least, it will console her." 
Cane was well aware that last night was new moon and he used that reason to justify his visit. He didn’t want Iris to meet with the lycan again, but then, the cursed creature became his justification to meet his mate now. The irony... 
"What about the Serafim?" Cane asked the most important question. 
"She has been sick, ever since she arrived here." Aliana frowned. "People become restless because they expect, she will chase away the dark clouds and they finally can get the sunlight. I think she is under the pressure of people’s expectation of her." 
"Do you think she can do it?" 
Aliana thought about it for a while. "I don’t think so. If she can, she would have gotten it done before she even arrived in this pack, she should be able to do it even when she was in the Red Claw pack, right?" 
But then, the look in her eyes changed for a second. 
"Say it." Cane knew there was something in her mind that she hesitated to voice out. 
"I heard it from Arthur. You hype the people to welcome the Serafim, is it because you want them to have a high expectation for her? So, you can keep her in check, knowing she couldn’t do anything with this strange weather?" Aliana shook her head, she corrected her statement. "Of course, you already knew, there is nothing she could do with this weather." If Aliana could guess it, let alone Cane. "Alpha, you are full of schemes." 
Aliana then told Cane in more detail about what happened when the Serafim met Iris for the first time. 
"What they were talking about when they were alone?" Cane had not yet gotten the answer for this. 
"I don’t know." Aliana shook her head. "The luna didn’t tell you anything about it, last night? Why didn’t you ask her yourself, alpha?" 
"We didn’t have time for that." 
"Oh," Aliana cleared her throat. "Grace said, you can’t be rough with her, alpha... she is still in early pregnancy." 
"Okay." Cane didn’t even have any intention to correct her misunderstanding. 
"I will get the merchant here, alpha," Aliana said, as she resigned herself and Cane went back to his mate. 
The room filled with her scent and this was very therapeutic and calm. First, Cane added more firewood to keep the room warm and then went to kneel down next to the bed, staring at his mate’s sleeping face. 
Iris’s lips were slightly ajar, as she breathed regularly. After that, Cane’s eyes fell on her stomach and a rare warm smile formed on the corner of his lips, his eyes softened. 
There was a small bump on her stomach, you wouldn’t be able to see it, if you didn’t pay close attention or if she was not wearing this thin nightgown. But, that small bump was there. 
Cane stretched out his hand and caressed her tummy lightly, afraid that he might hurt her and the baby. He leaned over and kissed it, his kiss lingered a little bit longer. 
"Don’t get hurt. Please, be well..." 
============================= 
"Don’t show me that look," Aria spoke in disdainful tone when she caught Redmond was staring at her. "You creep me out." 
Redmond scoffed. "I don’t know that I can creep out a corpse." 
"Do you have another swearing word? Because you have used that very often." Aria rolled her eyes, she walked in front of Redmond into her carriage. 
In Redmond’s eyes, Aria was too full of herself, like she usually did. She carried herself in such a way, as if she was the most important person in the room. 
Apparently, even death couldn’t fix your bad personality, if anything, it only enhanced it. 
"I don’t understand why you have to come." Redmond entered the carriage and sat across from Aria, he tried to be as far away as possible from her, but this carriage was too small for him to be able to do that. 
"Because I am the surprise for him and because I want to see him. It has been a while, I wonder what will he think when he saw me." 
Redmond narrowed his eyes. "Are you really crazy or dumb? He doesn’t even like you. Do you really think with you coming back from the afterlife will make him miraculously want you?" 
Aria glanced at Redmond. "I can offer something that he wants." 
"What? Your rotten body?" Redmond remembered how Aria used to throw herself to get Cane’s attention. "Are you sure your body hasn’t yet decomposed?"
###Chapter 674: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (16)
Chapter 674: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (16)
"He’s gone, right?" Iris asked Aliana gloomily, she stared at the empty spot, where the lycan was last night. She thought, they could continue their conversation in the morning when Cane returned to his human form, but as it turned out, her mate had gone when she was sleeping. 
"Luna, the alpha..." Aliana intended to coax Iris, but she shook her head to stop her from even trying to say anything to make her feel better. 
"I am very hungry. I want to eat something." Iris stared at her bracelet, this was one of the gifts that Cane gave to her and she liked this one, thus she used to wear it. 
"Sure, luna, what do you want to eat?" Aliana thought this was better. At the very least, even though she was sulking, it didn’t ruin her appetite. 
"I feel like I can eat three whole chickens." Iris said it through her gritted teeth, as if she was holding a grudge against the chickens. 
Aliana grimaced to see her expression. The alpha had really pissed the luna off. She wondered how he would make it up to her. 
"I will ask the kitchen to cook for you, luna." 
Once Aliana left the room, Iris got off the bed and then went to see herself on the mirrors, she had noticed her little bump and every time she saw it, it made her happy. 
And this time was not an exception. Her mood was slightly better, she smiled to see her reflection on the mirror when she pulled her nightgown, to make it tight around her belly and saw her bump. 
"There you are, little one..." Iris giggled to see it. 
=========================== 
"They are here, Cane," Ethan informed Cane. 
They currently inside one of the rooms inside Lou’s guild. The merchant was not there, as he arranged his people for the meeting with Redmond. 
"Bring them inside," Cane said grimly. He was standing next to the window, where he could see the roof of the cave that covered by thousand luminous pearls, which illuminated the whole Black Market. 
Ethan nodded and then walked out of the room. He returned with two people, who walked side by side, they covered their faces with the hoodie of their black cloak. 
"Leave, Ethan," Cane said darkly the moment he saw the two people. He turned his body and then faced them. 
Ethan patted one of these people’s shoulder on his way out of the room, as if giving some support for them and once the door was closed this person immediately fell to his knees, hit his head against the floor and pleaded with the alpha. 
"Please, alpha, forgive me!" Aderan begged Cane. "Please, forgive my stupidity and recklessness, alpha!" 
Beside him, the woman knelt down in front of Cane too, she was having a hard time to do so because she was currently heavily pregnant, which made Aderan worried about her.
"Alpha, please... we beg for your forgiveness." 
She was queen Della, she shouldn’t have to kneel for her life, but right now, she was nothing. The tittle that she had could have her killed during the power struggle in the palace. She would be the first person, who was killed by Alan if Aderan didn’t take her away. 
Cane stared at Della’s stomach. Without doubt, the baby was Aderan’s, but he wanted to be sure about that. "Who is the father?" 
Della lowered her head and replied in timid voice. She didn’t look like a queen at all, months of living without any luxury must have worn her down. 
"That’s my child, alpha," Aderan replied, but it was not him, who Cane asked. 
"The baby is Aderan’s, alpha." Della’s voice was very small. She was embarrassed, not because she didn’t want to bear Aderan’s child, because admitted it, meant, she admitted the adultery she had committed with Aderan. 
"How long are you?" 
"Seven months, alpha," Della said. She covered her stomach out of instinct because of the way Cane stared at her, as if she was going to do something to her baby. 
"Leave, I am going to talk to my warrior." Cane didn’t have any intention to put more stress on the pregnant woman. 
At first, Della was hesitated to leave Aderan alone, but he reassured her and helped her to stand up. Aderan escorted her out of the room and returned immediately to face Cane. He was about to kneel down again when Cane spoke coldly. 
"You will not achieve anything by kneeling down in front of me. There is something I want you to do." 
Aderan straightened his back again. He looked so eager to fulfill the alpha’s wish, no matter what was that. 
He realized his plan to ran away to Karam continent was not the best and if Cane could accept him and Della together, it would be more than great! He ran away from Cane because he thought the alpha wouldn’t accept Della because of the complicated of her background and her title. 
But, Cane didn’t say anything about it and it was a good sign. 
"I will do anything for you, alpha." This was Aderan’s way to show his gratitude. He should have at least, discussed the problem about Della first with the alpha before he decided to runaway. He regretted it... 
The plan to meet with Redmond would happen in the Black Market, where Redmond would show up with the thing that Cane had requested him to get. 
To be precise, they would meet in the backyard garden of the Rosantine guilds. Everything about the Black Market was not usual. This underground city was very large and was not affected by what was happening out there. Things were the same here. 
It didn’t take long for Cane and Ethan to wait for Redmond to come because not long after, a carriage arrived and the red hair warrior jumped down from the horse that pulled a simple, plain carriage. 
He opened it and from inside someone came out, they were wearing black cloak and their face was covered with hoodie, you wouldn’t know who it was, whether they were a woman or a man. 
Their hands were tied in front of their body with a rope, which Redmond held the end of it and used it to make them moved. "Here." Redmond pulled the rope harshly, so the other person could keep up with his pace. "This is the person that you want." 
Ethan stared at Redmond and then to the person behind him. He glanced at the alpha, whose expression didn’t change at all. Right now, there were only the four of them in the backyard. 
Redmond walked closer to them with the person behind him. 
"I have given him Rottingbane, he will not be able to shift. You can do whatever you want with him." Redmond handed the rope to Ethan, but at the same time he mouthed something to them. 
If you never associated with Iris and tried to have a conversation with her, you might not be able to know how to read lips, but the three of them, could be said, very close with her and there must be some point, you learned how to read lips unconsciously. 
After what Redmond mouthed, Ethan’s eyes darkened, his eyes fixed on the person that Redmond brought to them. 
The red hair warrior continued to speak. "He is Hunter, alpha Gallot’s firstborn, the heir to the pack. Now, you got him, like what I have promised you." 
Once Redmond said that, dozen of beasts emerged from their hiding spot, in a second they were already surrounded by enemy, but what worst was; neither Cane nor Ethan realized it, since they didn’t pick their scent in the air. 
Upon the arrival of the beasts, Redmond immediately stepped back toward the carriage. "I told you, don’t trust me, right?" he said coldly and another person came out of the carriage as well. It was alpha Gallot. 
"Well, well. It has been a while, since we met the last time, don’t you think?" Alpha Gallot got off the carriage and raised his hands to calm down dozen of beasts that surrounded Cane and his gamma. "Do you really think you can outsmart me, Cane?" 
"Gallot," Cane called his name calmly, while Ethan was still holding the other end of the rope that tied Hunter. 
They couldn’t be sure it was him, since they couldn’t see his face, but that was what Redmond said, and yet, that same warrior was the one who had ambushed them. 
"Cane, I have to admit that I am impressed with your courage to come here. How bold you are to scheme against me to kidnap my heir?" Alpha Gallot guffawed. He shook his head to see there was no way for Cane to escape this. "But, you are still very na?ve to think that a warrior from Blue Moon pack will be willing to do your bid. Where did you get the idea that he will not betray you?" 
Alpha Gallot’s face beamed with excitement to see he could get his hand on Cane without even lifting a finger or even thinking of a difficult scheme. 
"Well done, Redmond. Well done!" Alpha Gallot patted Redmond’s shoulder, who was standing next to him. "You can get your revenge on him now." 
The more they talked, the more beasts emerged from their hiding spot, it seemed alpha Gallot had come prepared. He brought at least, fifty beasts with him. 
Despite what he said, alpha Gallot needed to take precaution, just in case Cane found a way to escape. This was a golden opportunity for him to get into lady Cyan’s good grace. 
"Yes, I will," Redmond replied simply. 
"If you dare to take a step closer, I am going to kill your son!" Ethan roared when he saw the beasts crept closer to them, his claws emerged from the tip of his fingers, threatening to slit Hunter’s neck. 
Yet, alpha Gallot simply clicked his tongue and looked at the gamma with pitiful look on his face. "Do you really think your dear warrior will bring you my heir? After you witnessed his betrayal?" He tilted his head and shifted his attention from the gamma to the alpha. "But, don’t worry, Cane. I have a surprised for you." 
Cane had been silent all this time, he looked around him and counted the beasts that surrounded them, slightly curios why they didn’t have any scent, but then it didn’t matter much with their situation. 
"I was very wrong to think my mistress can satisfy you," alpha Gallot said with a face sad tone that was nauseating. "But, right now I am sure, you will be satisfied with this one. Don’t you want to see the surprise that I have painfully prepared for you?" Alpha Gallot waved his hand, indicating for Ethan to pull up the hoodie that covered Hunter’s face, or so they thought. 
It was Cane, who yanked the hoodie and revealed the person that Redmond brought to him. 
A familiar face, a familiar smile, but outlandish pair of eyes. Those were the color of red, the color of blood. She smiled at him like she used to, talking to him with her sweet voice, in the same tone how she always whispered to him. 
"Alpha... Cane." Aria moved closer to Cane, who was still taken aback with the sight of her and couldn’t react fast enough when she drew a dagger from her hips and stabbed Cane straight in his chest. "I really missed you, we can be together now. Nothing can separate us anymore..." 
=============================== 
PRANG! 
Aliana immediately rushed to Iris’s side when she heard the sound of the shattering glass, even the warriors came inside with panic look on their faces. 
"What happened?!" Eron asked, he entered the room, followed by the other warriors. 
Iris shook her head and smiled sheepishly at them. "I am fine. Sorry, I dropped the glass." 
"You are bleeding, luna!" Aliana pointed it out.
###Chapter 675: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (17)
Chapter 675: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (17)
Iris looked down to her dress and just realized, the sharp shard of the glass had cut her finger when she tried to pick the pieces. She didn’t realize it because her mind was distracted. 
She felt upset a moment ago and she couldn’t explain why she felt that way, as if something bothering her greatly. 
"Come here, luna. Don’t touch it again. You can’t be so reckless," Aliana said, as she helped Iris to stand up and take her to the bed, while Reed and Asher cleaned up the mess. 
Iris thanked them, but they brushed it off. 
"Luna, you need to be more careful next time," Reed said. "You might hurt the baby." 
That was right. They worried about the baby more. "Okay." Iris nodded. She knew some of the warriors started to treat her nicely, with the respect that she deserved because of her pregnancy. Deep down, Iris knew about that, but she didn’t want to think too deeply. Still, it stung. 
Zephyr gave Reed a look and the other warrior pretended like he didn’t say anything and focus on cleaning the shattered cup with Asher. 
"I will call for Penny to take a look on your wound," Aliana said, after she inspected the cut. It was not too deep, if Iris had healing ability, she would have recovered by now, unfortunately, she didn’t. It would take a while for her wound to heal and Aliana didn’t want the alpha made a fuss over it when he randomly visited his mate again. 
"No. There is no need," Iris said, she grabbed Aliana’s hand. Her expression looked pitiful now. "Is there any news from Cane?" 
"Do you miss him already?" Aliana teased her. "No. I think he is going somewhere with Ethan and the merchant, but I am not sure where exactly they went." She didn’t know the detail of Cane’s agenda, even though the alpha wanted to know every detail of what his mate was doing all the time. 
Iris looked down, she stared at her bleeding finger, deep in thought. 
"Don’t worry, he will appear randomly again at some point because he missed you so much too." Aliana sat next to Iris, cheered her up. "Why don’t we take a look on Lil Thing?" 
Iris shook her head. "I want to see the Serafim, can you ask her for the meeting?" 
Iris had requested for a meeting with the Serafim, but her knights always refused it with the reason; the Serafim was sick and she couldn’t accept any guest. 
That was right, the Serafim had been staying in her bedroom ever since she arrived, there was no further discussion about what happened between them and how Iris managed to absorb her power. 
"Okay, I will go, but after Penny look after your wound." Aliana could be stubborn. 
=============================== 
Cane kicked Aria away from him and yanked the dagger from his chest before he fell to the ground. He breathed raggedly, while Ethan took a stand in front of him. 
"Hell! You are really alive!" The gamma widened his eyes when he saw Aria. She fell on her back a few steps away from them after Cane kicked her. "Damn it... what you got yourself into, Aria?" 
Now everything did make sense if you involved the dark magic in it. Haco had told them, there was trace of black magic in the spot where he buried Aria’s dead body, but as it turned out, her body had long disappeared. 
And now, here she was. Alive. 
Alpha Gallot came forward and helped Aria to stand up, he smirked at Cane, who was trying to heal from the wound on his chest. 
"Shut up, Ethan! I don’t need your opinion!" Aria roared. She looked at the gamma derisively. "Step back, or I will not hesitate to kill you too!" 
"Aria..." Ethan shook his head, he was speechless. He had not yet overcome his shock to see Aria was very much alive. "You degraded yourself." 
"I have degraded myself since so long ago for him, but what I get? He gave me death punishment!" Aria gritted her teeth, but her eyes filled with sadness. "He didn’t even want to see me that day. Why? Why did you abandon me?!" 
Aria was having an outburst right now, her sadness and grievances turned into anger when she realized Cane only focused on healing the wound and didn’t pay attention to what she was saying at all. 
"You will not recover from that wound!" Aria hissed through her gritted teeth, tears rolled down her cheeks, it pained her to hurt Cane like this, but there was no other way to make him hers, that was what Dexter told her to do. 
"Aria, what have you done?" Ethan narrowed his eyes, he glanced at Cane over his shoulder, worried, but the alpha was still in the same position, he was kneeling down with his head hung low, you couldn’t see the expression on his face. 
Aria’s red eyes fixed on Cane. She didn’t want to hurt him, she only wanted to be with him. 
"I only want you, Cane, but you make things difficult between us." Aria bit her lips, her heart ached so bad. She wondered why she still felt this pain when she was supposed to be death, couldn’t the pain go away as well? Why she couldn’t stop loving him? 
"Enough!" Cane roared, he pushed himself to stand up, as blood oozed out from the wound on his chest. "You disgust me." 
The last word was said in such contempt and malice, Cane meant it when he said Aria disgusted him. The sight of her was loathsome. 
Hearing that, Aria was taken aback, she clutched her chest, as tears streamed down her face. This was the most painful thing that she had ever heard. "You loved me, Cane. You do love me. If it were not for that runt, we will still be together and nothing like this will happen." 
Cane’s eyes darkened. He looked unperturbed with the wound on his chest, as if he didn’t feel anything, though blood kept oozing out from the wound. 
"Can we skip this tragic love story, please? Are we going to stay here all day and watch this cheap show?" Redmond stretched out his arms. "There are a lot of things that we need to do, right? Why don’t we start now?" He looked very boring and alpha Gallot guffawed at his remark. 
"You can keep your pitiful story for later, miss." Alpha Gallot patted Aria’s shoulder. "You have done your part and meet with him. You can get him after lady Cyan was done with him." Alpha Gallot winked at Cane. "Being captured like this and have your life in someone else’s hand reminded you of old time, huh?" 
Of course, what alpha Gallot implied was their slavery days. 
"Get him." He waved his hand and dozen of beasts came at Cane and Ethan at once. They barred their fangs and claws, ready to take down the alpha and the gamma. 
"Gallot, you can’t kill Cane." Aria reminded him about lady Cyan’s order. 
"Don’t worry woman, I am not going to kill him." Gallot stretched out his hand and caressed Aria’s cheek, but she swatted his hand away. 
The sight of this made Redmond rolled his eyes, he got a goosebump. He couldn’t imagine how repulsive it must be for Sofia to be touched by a man like him. 
No wonder Sofia was infatuated by Cane. Despite the scar on his face, the alpha was way younger and was better look than alpha Gallot, Redmond had to admit that. 
Meanwhile, in front of them, all the warriors from alpha Gallot’s pack, were unable to come closer toward Cane, as if there was this invisible protection that surrounded the alpha and the gamma. 
And not long after that, there were around thirty beasts that emerged from their hiding spot, led by Dean and Pax in their beast form. In a blink of an eye, the chaos couldn’t be avoided. 
"What the hell?!" alpha Gallot roared angrily, but Redmond immediately came to his side. 
"Get in the carriage! Do you want to die?!" Redmond roared to alpha Gallot and Aria, who immediately entered the carriage and he drove away from the fight. 
Redmond took them to a safe place, out of the Black Market, while the fight was still happening, you could see that it was actually not a fight, it was a slaughter where alpha Gallot’s warriors were being ambushed and they didn’t stand a chance to fight back. 
============================ 
"Damn, Cane! You ruin my sheet with your blood!" Lou complained when he saw Cane was bleeding profusely. "Why don’t you heal? I thought you, shifter can heal in a heartbeat." 
"Oh, shut up, Lou! Don’t you have another healer? This one is a quack!" Ethan growled at the merchant and also at the healer that Lou had called to look after Cane’s wound. She didn’t seem to be able to stop the bleeding and now she felt like crying when she was called as a quack. 
"I can’t stop the bleeding because there is something that obstruct my healing power," the healer explained. She looked terrified with how angry the gamma was. 
"What is that? Black magic?" Lou frowned. "I thought black magic is forbidden, but why many people used it recently? Is there a change in law?" 
"Do something with the black magic!" Ethan ordered the merchant, but he threw him a dagger look, because the healer didn’t have any idea that he was a magic user. "You, get out." Ethan growled at the healer. 
"Yes..." The poor healer immediately rushed out of the room, she was afraid of Ethan. 
"Now, do something with the wound." Ethan nodded at Lou, who kept glaring at him. 
"Just because I am a magic user, it doesn’t mean I can do as I please with the black magic!" Lou was frustrated with this gamma. 
"At least, you can think of something. Don’t you know how to purify it?" With that was being said, Ethan stopped himself and blinked his eyes. There was someone, who could purify the black magic with only a single touch. 
And as if Cane could read what was in Ethan’s mind, he immediately ed it. "Don’t even think about it," Cane growled. The last thing he wanted was for Iris to see him like this. It was reckless of him to let himself being stabbed. 
"What is it? What did I miss?" Lou looked back and forth between Cane and Ethan, he knew the two of them were having some kind of understand with each other. "Hey! No one will tell me what is it?" 
"Tell me the situation in the border and Aderan’s movement." Cane demanded something else. He looked slightly pale, but aside from that, he didn’t show any indication that he was in pain. 
Hours later, Ethan was contemplated something after he delivered Cane’s medicine, which didn’t help with his condition at all. The best the healer could do was to stop the bleeding, but the wound was still there. 
"Hey, tell me what is it, will you?" Lou approached Ethan, who was standing in front of Cane’s bedroom door. "There is a way to save your alpha, right? Why don’t you tell me?" 
Ethan narrowed his eyes. He weighed his options. "I want you to make a portal." 
"Do you think I am your private carriage or something that could take you to places? Have some respect!" Lou barked at Ethan. "I have helped you enough to create protection, so you wouldn’t be mauled by those beasts and now you order me around to create a portal? Do you really think creating a portal is an easy task? That’s require a lot of energy aside from magic stone and I am tired already." 
Ethan waited until Lou spoke his pieces, he crossed his arms with boring look. "I want you to take me to Iris." 
"Let’s go then." 
******************** 
Note: I know, this Chapter is not really joyful, but Mary Christmas! ^^
###Chapter 676: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (18)
Chapter 676: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (18)
Ethan was amazed by how shameless the merchant could be. He didn’t even bother to hide it. 
"You know that’s not appropriate for you to act like this?" Ethan narrowed his eyes, he had been weighing down his option to tell Iris about this or not, since the only person, who could purify the black magic was only her. The Serafim was there too, but Ethan didn’t think even the Serafim could do it as quick and as effective as Iris. 
The power that Iris held was very strong, even though she had not yet really noticed it. 
"Like what? I am helping you, do I not?" Lou raised his brows, he fished out three magic stones from his pocket, now he was in the black market, he could get as many as magic stone he needed and didn’t need to act like a beggar when he asked for magic stone from Cane. 
"Why do you very obsess with Iris?" Ethan narrowed his eyes, he watched how the portal was created and after watching this a few times, he was still in awe by how the magic worked. "You can get yourself killed one day." 
"I think you are going to get killed first by your alpha for what you are doing right now." Lou rolled his eyes dramatically. His veins bulged when he tried to stabilize the portal. He was not lying when he said he was tired and had no more energy. 
"I am not going to die alone." Ethan glanced at Lou, indicating if he was going to get killed by Cane, he would make sure, Lou came with him as well, since he was the one, who opened the portal. 
Lou scoffed, but he said nothing when he concentrated to create the portal. 
Ethan entered the portal first and found Iris was sleeping, she was alone, while Aliana was nowhere to be seen. He was a little bit disappointed because he couldn’t see her. 
"I am sorry, I am sorry..." Ethan muttered, as he marched toward the bed and shook Iris’s body to wake her up. "Iris, wake up. Wake up, please..." he called her name a few times hastily, until she opened her eyes sleepily. 
"Ethan?" Iris rubbed her face, but then she looked around her and only found Lou, who was grinning at her. "Where is Cane?" Her first instinct was to ask for her mate. 
"Well, I shouldn’t be offended, but don’t you want to ask about me? We have not yet met for almost a month." Ethan was a little bit sullen. He knew Cane visited Iris a few times with the help of Lou. 
Iris blinked her eyes and smiled innocently. "You look very great, handsome as always." 
"Don’t flatter me, pregnant lady," Ethan chuckled, but his expression turned serious. "Now get up, you need to come with me, Cane needs your help." 
The smile on Iris’s face fell when she heard that. "What happened with him?" 
"Don’t worry, he got a little scratch, that’s all." Ethan scratched the back of his head, which made Iris didn’t believe him even more. "This is something that you can do by only a single touch, okay. You don’t need to worry." 
Iris didn’t want to listen to him anymore, as she got off from the bed and went straight to the portal that Lou created. Somehow, the merchant was very quiet. He didn’t tease her or being his creepy self. 
Ethan immediately followed her inside and Lou closed the portal. 
Once Iris stepped in, it took her a while to realize where she was. It was the Rosantine guild in the Black Market. 
"Over here, Iris," Ethan said, as he opened the door to Cane’s bedroom. Iris didn’t waste time when she entered the room and found Cane was laying on the bed, his chest was bandaged tightly. He was sleeping, but when she came closer, he immediately opened his eyes, alerted by her scent. 
"What is this? What are you doing here?" Cane asked, his eyes fell on Ethan and the gamma stopped a few steps away from the bed, afraid the alpha would pounce on him. He seemed going to do that, if it was not for Iris, who told him to lay down. 
"Let me check on you!" Iris said sternly, she pushed Cane back to the bed and because of his injury, he didn’t have the strength to go against her wish, more so, Cane wouldn’t do anything that could upset Iris even more right now. "Lay down!" 
Ethan raised his brows when he watched how the alpha listened to what Iris said and let her mate to check on him. 
"You don’t need to do this..." 
"Be quiet!" Iris said sharply. She could feel the black magic from his wound. This was almost like what happened to Joel. Their wounds couldn’t heal because the dark magic that lingered around it. 
Cane stopped complaining and let Iris did whatever with him, while Ethan grinned. He made the right decision to call Iris over, but he hoped, he could be saved from the alpha’s wrath once Iris returned, because he was sure, Cane wouldn’t let it go easily. He was someone, who was holding a grudge really well. 
On the other hand, the alpha stared at his mate’s face, while she tried to purify the black magic from his wound. He stretched out his hand and caressed her cheek, smoothened her unkempt hair, from the look of it, it seemed, she just woke up, Cane was familiar with how she looked like when she just woke up. 
"Cane!" Iris glared at him when he touched her earlobe and swatted his hand. "Stay still." 
This time, Cane touched her stomach and smiled, which made Iris smiled too, though she was trying to concentrate on his wound. 
Seeing this interaction, Ethan felt like he was being in the wrong place, at the wrong time. He mentally kicked himself for not getting his ass out of there sooner. 
"I will come back with the healer." Ethan scurried away from the room, only to find Lou was sitting on the corridor with his head hung low. "What are you doing there? Sleeping?" 
Ethan came closer to the merchant and saw blood dripped from his nose. 
"What the hell with you?!" Ethan looked surprised to see the merchant looked like he just ran for seven days and seven nights without stopping. 
"Oh, shut up..." Lou said in small voice. "Get me back to my room." 
"I will ask someone to carry you." 
Lou glared at him when he heard that. "I am not going to let my men see me in this way." 
"So, what should I do? Do you expect me to piggyback you?" 
"I don’t mind if you carried me in your arms." 
Ethan looked at Lou with disgust in his eyes when he heard that. 
Meanwhile, inside the room, Iris took extra a few more minutes to make sure there was no remaining black magic in Cane’s body. She checked on it a few times, only then she looked a little bit relax. 
"I will call the healer." Iris was about to get up, but Cane stopped her. 
"You don’t know this place or how to find the healer." Cane held her hand. "Ethan said he will call her. let’s wait." 
Cane was right. Iris didn’t know where to find the healer. She only knew some part of the guild, she could be lost in this place. 
"Why he took so long?" Iris pulled her hair anxiously, her habit whenever she was being impatient and nervous. 
"Come, lay down with me." 
"No." Iris gave Cane a stern look. "You have a lot of things to explain to me Cane and you better talk right now. I am still upset because you left me without saying anything the last time you visit. You only used me to comfort the lycan, didn’t you?" 
Cane couldn’t say the accusation was wrong, even though he really wanted to see her, but Iris was right about thirty percent of that, since Cane used the lycan to justify his visit. 
"Keep your sorry, if your sorry was a food, I would have been very fat right now." Iris was furious with him. "You stop explaining things to me, you stop telling me about your plan and you even stop writing to me, what then? You will stop seeing me also? You don’t find me attractive anymore now I am pregnant?" 
Iris overheard the conversation between the mistresses of alpha Adrian, back then when they stayed in Diandem pack. They said the alpha stopped visiting them because their body change during pregnancy and only came after a few months they gave birth. 
It was disgraceful to think Cane was the same like alpha Adrian, but with how Cane treated her recently, Iris couldn’t help her mind and emotion from spiraling in that way. 
Cane pushed himself to sit down and pull his mate closer, hugged her tightly, ignoring the pain in his chest. "I planned to make the Golden Light’s warrior to march toward the south border as the reinforcement for the border warriors, in which weakened their protection around their pack, so alpha Colter could attack them. It went smoothly and now the Golden Light pack was divided, half of them would aid the border pack and some of them would fight to get their pack back from Red Claw pack..." 
Cane then spent half an hour latter to explain his plan to Iris, all the things that he used to discuss with her before, the information that he held back from her because he didn’t want to stress her out, but as it turned out, that was not the best way to communicate his concern for her wellbeing. 
Putting her in the dark only stressed her out even more and let her mind and imagination ran wild. 
"We will strike back when the reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom arrived in the Crystal Moon pack." 
And for alpha Nolan, Cane decided to confine him inside Diandem pack. The alpha chose to stay there and blockage the gate for Cane not to be able to seek for shelter, but as it turned out that place became his confinement. 
Iris listened to Cane’s explanation. He didn’t apologize to her because she didn’t want to listen to that empty word, instead he told her everything she wanted to know. This was his way to apologize. 
"And how did you get this wound?" Iris wiped her tears and smoothened her hair, she became self conscious now she was a little bit calm. 
"That’s..." A complicated look flashed in Cane’s eyes. He stared into Iris’s eyes deeply, which made her worried. 
"What happened? You encountered black magic again." 
This time, ever since Cane managed to control the lycan in some way, the black magic that inflicted on him didn’t cause the black wisp to appear, but still, it weakened him. He could feel the lycan had been poking its ugly head, trying to resurface, to take over his consciousness, especially now with Iris was here. 
"Did you still remember when I told you that Ethan found Aria’s body was missing?" Cane kissed the tip of her nose. 
"Yes. Why?" Iris felt this uneasiness. Called her petty and vindictive, but she didn’t like the mention of Aria’s name. Why would they talk about her now? 
"She is alive." Cane blurted out. 
Iris frowned, it took some time for her to comprehend the meaning of it. "She is alive and she stabbed you?" 
"Yes. She is supposed to be dead, Iris..." Cane’s concern was the fact Aria was still alive when there were thousand people witnessed her death, but Iris seemed not to be interested in that fact. 
"She stabbed you with dark magic?!" Iris was clearly furious. "This is the second time she did that! How close she was to be able to stab you!?" Iris narrowed her eyes. "Why did you let her get close to you?"
###Chapter 677: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (19)
Chapter 677: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (19)
Cane was speechless with what Iris was trying to imply. Her face scrunched in anger, but in his eyes, she looked adorable when she couldn’t contain her anger and maybe... jealousy? Cane couldn’t help, but smiling. 
This was his first genuine smile after such horrible encounter with Aria and alpha Gallot. He wanted to get angry with his gamma, but who he was to be mad with the presence of his pregnant mate? 
"You let her get close to you and stab you?" Iris asked fiercely. There were a lot of absurdity that had happened in the past few months, of course, she was surprised by the fact Aria was still alive, but it seemed her level of shock had increased. "Why are you smiling? Are you very happy to see her?" 
"Are you jealous?" Cane blurted it out, which made Iris immediately clamped her mouth, realizing how inappropriate her reaction was. "Answer me, are you jealous?" 
"I- I am not..." Iris stuttered. Her brows scrunched, she was being stubborn now. "I am really not." 
"Okay." Cane agreed easily, smiling, which made his word was not very convincing. 
"I am really not jealous." Iris emphasized every word, but the more she denied it, the clearer it became. 
"I am... I am angry! I am angry because she stabbed you and you let her did it." 
"Iris." Cane cupped her face, she was clearly angry and... jealous. "You are the only person I allow to stab me, have you forgotten that?" 
Cane allowed Iris to stab him if Lu was being inappropriate with her. He couldn’t stand the thought someone else touched her, not even that cursed creature by using his own body. 
"But, you allowed her to stab you." Iris was being childish right now, even she herself had to admit that the moment that statement left her lips, yet she was being stubborn at the same time. 
"I kicked her." Cane wanted to kiss her lips, but Iris moved away from him. She didn’t want to be distracted by a kiss, he always did this, but Iris had learned her lesson. 
Iris blinked her eyes. "You did?" 
Cane tried again and this time, Iris didn’t reject his advance. The thought of Cane actually kicked Aria, seemingly pleased her. 
Slowly, the alpha laid his mate down, carefully hovered above her body and caressed her neck, down to her chest, squeezed her breast, which was a little bit more plumpy, it felt so right in his palm. 
"Ehem." Ethan cleared his throat. "Can I... bother you two for a while? I come with the healer." The gamma took a great interest to the ceiling, while he blocked the door, saving the healer from the sight inside the bedroom. 
Iris squeaked when she heard Ethan’s voice and immediately turned her body to hide herself. It was embarrassing, thankfully, she was still having her dress intact. 
"Comeback later," Cane said gloomily. 
"No. No." Iris pushed Cane aside slightly. "Y- Your wound... the healer has to see the wound." Red color tinged her cheeks when she tried to get up from the bed and smoothened her hair. "Let the healer comes, Ethan." 
"Are you sure?" Ethan asked, his tone was teasing. "Okay, okay." He raised both of his hands when Iris glared at him. He took a note; Pregnant woman had a short temper. 
The healer entered the room and then checked on Cane’s wound. She was surprised that the wound started to heal. Without the black magic that tainted the wound, there was nothing much she needed to do. 
"The alpha will be fully recovered tomorrow," The healer informed them with confidence. She was around the age of Grace and had this almond shape eyes with shoulder lengths hair and a gentle smile. 
"Thank you..." Iris said gratefully when the healer said she was going to leave after she casted a spell on Cane’s wound, so he could recover faster. 
"Oh, right..." The healer stopped in her track before she left the room. "Please, don’t engage in intimate activity for tonight. It will slow down the recovery." 
Iris lowered her head, hiding her red face, while Cane didn’t say anything and Ethan chuckled. "Hear that!" the gamma said. "No intimate activity!" 
"Where is Lou?" Cane asked Ethan, while Iris helped him to put on some clothes. "He needs to bring her back to Bloody Wolf pack." 
"I am not going back," Iris said sternly. "I am going to stay here. I don’t want to go back." 
"Be good, Iris." Cane caressed her head, but Iris didn’t want it. She wanted to stay with Cane. She had been very miserable because she missed him. 
"Hm. Actually, he can’t create a portal for a while." Ethan poured a glass of water for himself. "Apparently, he exhausted himself and creating the portal earlier has drained his energy. I took the healer to check on him first and she said he can’t do any magic for at least a weak, or it will ruin the flow of his power." That was why Ethan was late to bring the healer to see Cane, because he thought, Lou’s condition was way more critical. 
"Really!?" Iris perked up when she heard that. 
"Iris, you look happy to hear Lou being sick," Ethan pointed it out, cackled to see she was beaming with the potential to stay longer with Cane. 
"Oh, I am sorry." Iris bit her lip. "I hope he will recover quickly." 
"You don’t mean that." Ethan pointed it out again and Iris couldn’t say otherwise, she only mumbled something incoherent. "Anyway, I have sent letter to Aliana, telling her that you are here. We left in hurry, they must be very worry to find you not in the room." 
Ethan was right, Aliana and the other seven warriors were searching for Iris like crazy, until the letter from the gamma arrived, in which informed them the luna was with the alpha, but he didn’t divulge where they were right now. 
"You can’t tell me to go back to Bloody Wolf pack, because that pack is more dangerous than here," Iris said on the second day she was in the Rosantine Guild. "Lou is still sick, it will be too much for him to create a portal for me to go back." 
The corner of Lou’s lips twitched when he heard that. "I appreciated your concern, but why I don’t feel delighted?" 
"Yes, because she wants to stay only because of her mate, not because she wants to be close with you," Ethan said it bluntly, which made Dean and Pax laughed. 
"I will be safe here." 
"Yes, but not for so long." Lou reminded her. They were only waiting for the sign for them to move to the next plan, which would happen soon. 
Iris was adamant to stay, she removed herself from the conversation and approached queen Della, who was sitting near the fireplace. 
Currently, they were inside Lou’s study room, where he complained because there were so many people here for his liking. 
"Queen Della." 
"Just Della please." 
Iris smiled, she stared at her stomach and felt funny because the two of them were pregnant. This could be said as their first pregnancy and Iris felt comfortable to share her nervousness with her. 
"I believe Aderan will do his job well." Iris reassured her because she knew what she had been worrying about. She would feel the same if she were in her shoes. 
Right at that time, one of Lou’s people knocked on the door with urgency. 
"They are coming, master," he said when he entered the room. "Our man spotted there are around three thousand shifters, some of them are magic users marched toward the Black Market, they are currently crossing the dessert." 
Cane stood up and approached Iris and Della. "Go with Dean and Pax." Iris and Della stood up, but Cane held his mate back and kissed her deeply. "Be safe." 
"I will." Iris nodded. She then went away with Della, Pax and Dean to the safety place. 
Meanwhile, this prolonged black rain and dark sky had gradually showed some negative effect. The plant withered the land was arid and children, who were exposed too often under the rain started to get sick. 
With that, Abby needed to come out of her room and healed the children with her divine power, because only that power that worked on them. 
It didn’t take long when there were many people lined up in the pack house, bringing their children to be treated by the Serafim. 
On that day too, the reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom had arrived, but the problem was, the warrior in the borders started their attack after they concentrated their force against the south, leaving their pack being conquered by Red Claw pack, since they failed to take it back. 
Under Arthur’s command, he brought the remaining warriors to retreat to Bloody Wolf pack, made the pack as their fortress, waiting for the Holy Knights to come and now this pack was full of so many people. 
The illness appeared on the children first, especially those, who were not shifter, since they didn’t have the ability to heal themselves, but for the young shifter, their healing ability was still developed, they were not as strong as the adult shifter. 
And unfortunately, Zale was one of them, since he used to train under the rain. After being exposed for a few times and there was nothing happened, they didn’t think there was negative effect of it, but now such belief was proven wrong. 
It didn’t happen immediately, but gradually.
###Chapter 678: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (20)
Chapter 678: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (20)
At first, Zale was having a hard time to breath and Zephyr was the first person, who noticed that. It was easy to say when the boy used to be very energetic and snarky, but right now he looked like a headless chicken. 
"Come, you need to see the Serafim." Zephyr dragged the young boy to see Abby. He had been sleeping for half a day and didn’t come to the dinning hall for breakfast. 
Because of the newly revelation about the black rain and under the Serafim’s instruction, all the training was stopped and as much as possible, they couldn’t expose themselves under the rain. People expected to be inside their house when it was rain. 
However, there was another issue that followed, such as food. The winter had not yet come, but the famine and drought had already happened for months, added to this strange weather and the illness because of the rain, it was a recipe for disaster. 
The ships from the Karam continent wouldn’t be here until next months and thankfully, they could hide the fact the four merchants were already dead and kept the news from spreading out was not that difficult when there were so many things that was going on. They would deal with that issue later. 
"No. I want to wait for the luna to come, she will be able to heal me faster than the Serafim." Zale tried to struggle and ask Zephyr to put him down, but the warrior carried him with one hand around his waist, rendering him unable to fight back. He didn’t have the strength to do so after all. "She healed Joel, I want her to heal me too!" 
Zephyr suddenly stopped walking, his body stiffened. "Shut up," he hissed fiercely at the body in his arm. 
Zale frowned and when he followed Zephyr’s line of sight, he saw the Serafim, but he didn’t feel any guilt at all. He stared at her defiantly. 
"That’s very disrespectful thing to say, don’t you think, warrior Zephyr?" Liam asked darkly. He could see how Abby’s expression turned ashen when she heard what Zale had been protesting. 
During her time when she locked herself inside the bedroom and refused to meet with Iris, she had been indulging the thought of how the luna of a pack could be more powerful than her. Abby didn’t want to admit it, but what Iris had was divine power, the power that should only belong to Serafim, but she had it. 
And what made things even worse for Abby was the fact, Iris’s power was way purer than hers. How could that possible to happen? She avoided to meet with Iris, because she didn’t want to look into it more deeply and accepted the undeniable truth that she was more powerful than her. 
If she had to face it, it felt like a final statement for Abby that she was a failure of a Serafim and maybe there was an error when they recognized her as one, that was why, she was not as strong as the previous Serafim. Albeit people in the Holy Kingdom used to say it was because she couldn’t visit the five swords in the Great Shrine to purify herself, which caused the decline of her power. 
"I apologize on his behalf, I hope you don’t take it to heart. He is only a dumb young boy." Zephyr pinched Zale’s stomach, forced him to apologize, but this brat looked for his own death. 
"Ouch! What are you doing?! You are hurting me!" Zale exclaimed, which rewarded him a fierce glare from Zephyr, but he didn’t care. "No. I don’t want to be treated by her. I want to wait for my luna!" 
Abby knew, this was not the right thing to do and as a Serafim, a symbol of peace and virtue, she shouldn’t act like this, but she was someone with feeling too and she had been very insecure with what Iris could do. 
"If he doesn’t want me to treat him, you don’t need to force him." Abby nodded politely to Zephyr and then turned around to leave. "Let’s go, Liam." She wanted to see how long that boy would be able to endure the pain until he gave up and begged for her help. 
Abby felt bad to hold a grudge against a young boy because he preferred someone else. 
"You are going to kill yourself, boy." Zephyr clicked his tongue, he glared at Zale. "This is why the alpha is not allowing you to be close with the luna, because you will only bring trouble for her." 
"How can I bring trouble for him?" Zale grumbled, but he realized how wrong his action was. 
"The alpha taught you one thing about how to control your impulsiveness and think how to get what you needed, but you didn’t learn anything, did you?" 
"The alpha didn’t teach me anything, he only gave me a rock to be sold to the merchant. How am I supposed to do that?" Zale complained. 
"That’s how the alpha told you to use your head, boy! Same like what happened earlier, you should use your head first before you spoke." 
"I only say the truth. I don’t want to be treated by her. I want the luna, because she is the best!" 
"And how you will meet with the luna if you died first?!" Zephyr was frustrated and Zale pursed his lips, upset. He flicked his forehead. "Pray the luna will be here before you died, or else, thanks your stupidity you will never see her again." 
Zephyr then brought him back to his bedroom, where Zale spent his time in agony, waiting for Iris to come. Being stubborn, enduring the pain... 
========================== 
"Seriously, Cane. What you offered to me is not even worth it anymore." Lou shook his head, as he went outside of the building, when the alarm was blaring, indicating there were people, who had attacked the Black Market. "A cooperation with Andelus continent is not comparable to what I have done for you!" 
"We will settle the score later." Cane shifted into his beast and went ahead. 
"Cane!" Lou growled, as he took a horse and followed the alpha and the other, leading his men to go to the entrance of the Black Market, where the guards of the Black Market, who consisted by rogues, mercenaries and magic users had stood on guard. 
The magic users casted protection spell, which scooped a large area when their opponents attacked them by magic too. 
"What the hell they are thinking they are doing right now?!" one of the magic users snarled when the attack didn’t cease down. 
"We don’t even know them! Why they attack this place?!" 
"Someone! Inform alpha Gallot about this!" 
However, one of the mercenaries found a certain person among the magic users, who had been trying to attack them. 
"That’s the alpha! That’s alpha Gallot! He is the one, who attacked us!" 
"Damn it! Kill the alpha!" 
"Traitor! Kill alpha Gallot!" 
There was this strict agreement between the Black Market and the Moon Dew pack that both parties were two different entities, which were not tied to each other except through profits and the Moon Dew pack benefited from every profit made in the Black Market, while the Black Market was allowed to stand in the Moon Dew pack’s territory, because this area was strategic for the business with the dessert that protected them. 
This agreement was an old agreement that had been firmly adhered to from the previous alpha generation, which meant, they couldn’t attack each other. 
And once the agreement was breached, blood would be spilled. 
"Lady Cyan, I don’t think this is the right thing to do." Alpha Gallot gritted his teeth. He threw a dagger look at Redmond, who had suggested this to her. 
This red hair warrior had showed his loyalty and usefulness when he saved alpha Gallot’s ass and Aria from the counter attack of Cane in the Rosantine Guild. 
Redmond also told lady Cyan how close Cane and the merchant named Lou was, who happened to be the leader of the famous guild, Rosantine Guild. 
Based on that information, Redmond came with brilliant idea. 
"We can weaken Cane’s strength by weakening his man’s strength to. Ruin Rosantine Guild and you will cripple his strength." That was what Redmond said to lady Cyan. "Since the alpha is still inside the Black Market, why don’t destroy the whole place to make sure he can’t escape? The foundation of that place is fragile, one explosion and you will get the whole place was level with the ground." 
Lady Cyan couldn’t care less about the generation of agreement between the Moon Dew pack and the Black Market, she wanted to get her hand on Cane so bad, forced him to expose himself to the world that he was the lycan. 
Cane was the one that called the Holy Kingdom to come to this continent, along with the Serafim, let his plan backfired at him! 
"Lady Cyan, if you believe Cane is the lycan, you can find another way to force him to show it!" Alpha Gallot was furious right now. Thing didn’t go as he expected. 
However, lady Cyan didn’t heed what alpha Gallot was saying. She got the news the Holy Knights from the Holy Kingdom had arrived in this continent, so let them dealt with the lycan. 
"If you did this, you will make a mistake by killing him!" 
"Nonsense!" Redmond scoffed. "Even I know that you can’t kill a lycan easily." 
"Lady Cyan!" Alpha Gallot was frustrated.
###Chapter 679: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (21)
Chapter 679: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (21)
"Destroy that place!" Lady Cyan commanded fiercely. Her eyes fixed on the layers of thin, transparent sheet that covered a large area of the Black Market. It was protection spell that was casted by the magic users in the Black Market to protect that place. 
"Lady Cyan! You make a mistake!" Alpha Gallot roared, but he couldn’t really do anything to stop her. "There is another way to force him." 
"Is there another plan you can suggest?" Redmond asked alpha Gallot disdainfully. "I have taken the pain to lure him here and now this is our golden opportunity to kill him, no, to force him to show his lycan form. He must be dying now because Aria has stabbed him, that’s why he can’t go out of the Black Market to save himself and still hiding inside the Rosantine Guild. This is the best chance we have! Can you make another brilliant opportunity to take Cane down!" 
"You will ruin my pack!" alpha Gallot snarled at Redmond, because he was not brave enough to do it to lady Cyan. 
"I want Cane dead." 
"Are you holding a grudge against me?!" alpha Gallot was desperate to stop this calamity, since he was the one, who would deal with the aftermath. Put aside the grudge and the power struggle, the Black Market was the main income for his pack! "I want him dead too, but not like this!" 
"Oh, I hate him enough to kill him, but I can’t say the same about you." 
Lady Cyan glanced at Alpha Gallot fiercely. "Shut up, or I will throw you out there!" 
Currently, you could see red and blue color that sparked against the dark sky and the roaring sound that split the air every time the curses hit each other membrane of protection they created. 
Dark magic was very powerful, therefore, even though the number of the witches that lady Cyan brought with her was not on par against the magic users from the Black Market, they could hold their ground really well. 
But then, dark magic required sacrifices and those sacrifices came from alpha Gallot’s pack member... 
"How long do you think this place can hold on?" Ethan asked, he was in awed, the sky was bright for the first time, but it was not this kind of light that he expected to see. The back and forth magic attack looked like fireworks. 
It was actually quite beautiful if it was not deadly. 
"Twenty minutes, half an hour maybe." Lou narrowed his eyes. "I have never seen so many dark witches like this... what a bold move." 
However, Cane expected as much from lady Cyan. This was not her first bold move. She did the same thing when they were in the Goffa mountain. 
One thing that Cane learned was; the attack in the Goffa mountain happened out of lady Cyan’s impulsiveness, the man named Zeke reprimanded her harshly for that. The king shouldn’t be dead and whatever they were doing, it should be still in the dark. 
But, lady Cyan’s action had changed everything, including Zeke and Cane’s plan, it affected their plans. 
"Master, there is word from our man in the Arleen city," one of Lou’s men reported to him. 
Currently, they were standing behind the last line of defense of the Black Market’s guards, watching everything unfolded. 
"What is it?" Lou narrowed his eyes. He listened to what his man said when he whispered the report to him and then looked at Cane. "Your man got him. Now he is heading toward the Golden Light pack to join with the Red Claw pack." 
Cane nodded. "There is no need for us to be here any longer." 
Lou shook his head and clicked his tongue. "I thought you are only cunning, Cane, but you are brutal too." 
Cane said nothing, while Ethan glanced at the merchant. "There is nothing to be saved here." There was a reason why this place was called Black Market, because this was the only place, where you could find the wildest trading ever. 
Where you have to pay a little child was mauled by monsters and people would cheer at the gut- wrenching sight. That was only a speck of example from what actually was going on here. 
"Damn it, Cane. Even if you gave me two packs as the compensation for what I lost in the Black Market, it will never be enough," Lou grumbled, but he did what Cane told him to do. 
Meanwhile, the chaos was not only happening in the Black Market, but at the south border too, where the remaining of the warrior from the Golden Light pack had joined the border warriors. 
With Cane’s man had retreated to the Bloody Wolf pack, alpha Nolan and his warrior could finally free from his confinement in Diandem pack, joining the royal warriors, they marched toward the Bloody Wolf pack. 
"We need to evacuate people from here!" Arthur said to Aliana and Zephyr. "We are under attack! We need to retreat!" 
"There are so many sick people! We need more time!" Aliana said in frustration. 
Just like any other plan, there would be a mishap or unpredictable factor that you didn’t even expect of. In this case, it was the illness from the black rain. 
Thinking there was nothing happened up until a few days ago, Cane didn’t expect the black rain actually causing such illness to those, who were exposed, especially children. 
Cane took precaution in the beginning, but because there was no sign of anything after a few weeks and Grace, also Haco, when he was sober enough, had assured him there was nothing to be cautious about with the rain, Cane took their words plainly and now it happened. 
"We can’t hold the gates for long!" Arthur said through his gritted teeth. "This is not the plan!" 
Their plan was to retreat once they heard the warrior from the Golden Light pack had joined the border warriors. 
They would retreat, until they met with the Holy Knights in the Crystal Moon pack, where they would fight back there. 
"I know, but we can’t leave them here! We can’t leave them to die!" Aliana was frustrated. She had been helping in the tent, where there were around a hundred children and forty grown up shifters had fallen sick. 
The Serafim could heal them, but not fast enough, since she needed to replenish her power, the problem was; her divine power couldn’t be supplied with magic stone like those magic users. More so, she was not powerful enough to heal a lot of people at the same time. 
The best she could heal for a day was only ten, but every day, there would be fifteen to twenty new people, who fell sick, the Serafim simply couldn’t catch up. 
"We are in a battle, Aliana!" Arthur roared. "Bring as many people as you can and we will try to hold them back as long as we can!" He gritted his teeth. "Go, now!" 
Arthur shifted into his beast and then left to join with the other warriors to defend this place. 
Aliana balled her fists and then turned around to give the order to the seven warriors of the luna to help to move the people and after that, she went to look for the Serafim. 
"I am not going to leave!" Abby exclaimed. She seemed to be having a heated argumentation with her five knights. 
"May I interrupt?" Aliana entered the tent and all of them were very tensed up. "We need to retreat, just in case the warriors will not hold back the attack." With how many of them, Aliana was sure it was only a matter of time before they managed to pass their fortress. 
"I have sent a letter to the knights in the Crystal Moon pack, they are on their way here and I have mobilized the magic users to help to defend the fortress too, do you think it will help?" 
Abby was not clueless, the moment she learned they were under attack, she had arranged her people and distributed the task. 
Thankfully, she had the Salamander with her, because when Iris left, the creature looked for her, even though it was a little bit out of context, but Abby felt hurt because the creature only came to her when it couldn’t find Iris, as if she was a second option when the salamander supposed to be the Serafim’s mythical creature. 
"Oh, great...!" Aliana said, she was amazed by how quick Abby read the situation and took action. "But, we still need to take precaution, just in case..." 
"I will have my knights to help with the evacuation of the patients." Abby then ordered one of her knights to relay her words. 
"You still can’t stay here, Serafim," Liam said. "We will do what you told us to do, but we need to evacuate you first," he said firmly. 
"No. I stay with the people!" Abby was adamant. "Now, rather than to persuade me, why don’t you help with the patient?" 
"We need to move quickly," Aliana said and Abby took her hand to get out of the tent, so her knights wouldn’t be able to coax her to leave these people behind. 
However, right in front of the tent, Zale approached Abby, his expression was stern, he looked very pale, as if he was going to collapse in any moment. 
"Heal... me..." Zale said breathlessly. "I want you to heal me... I want to fight too." 
Abby pressed her lips tightly. "I thought you will wait for your luna."
###Chapter 680: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (22)
Chapter 680: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (22)
It was hard for someone as stubborn as Zale to come to the Serafim, which promptly admitted his wrong. He realized his error for how wrong it was for him to refuse to be treated by the Serafim. Joel and Zephyr were on his ears in these few days, scolding him about how that was not the right way to show his loyalty to the luna. 
Yet, Zale was too stubborn to admit it until now. 
"I thought you will wait for your luna." Once the words left Abby’s lips, she really wanted to take it back, knowing how wrong it was to say something like that to the boy. As a Serafim, she shouldn’t be holding a grudge, especially to someone, who was almost half of her age. 
However, Abby couldn’t help, but being offended to become a second thought. If they were not going to have a battle and if he could hold it a little bit longer, she was sure Zale wouldn’t come to look for her. 
"She is far away right now and I want to be able to help. I can’t help, if I am sick," Zale said, his voice was hoarse and his breathing was labored. 
You could say it was a miracle for him to be able to stand and talk with Serafim, instead of being bedridden, knowing how late his treatment was. 
"You still can’t fight even after I treated you. You need to rest," Abby said, she suppressed her feeling and tried to fulfill her role as the Serafim and live up for her title. 
"I can handle myself," Zale said in whispery voice, but you still could tell how aggressive he was with his reply. 
"Zale," Aliana called his name in warning tone. 
"I will help, as much as I can." He softened his voice a little bit. 
Abby bit her tongue, her face was slightly red because she was fighting her own feeling. She didn’t want to help this young boy because of how he treated her. 
Deep down, even without the way Zale put her as the second choice, Abby had been bothered by the power that Iris held. There was no way there was two Serafims, right? But, what she felt from her was... divine power, there was no doubt for that fact. 
"Close your eyes," Abby said. She put her hand on the side of his head and tried to concentrate her power, which was difficult when she was being reluctant. 
Abby only managed to do it on her third attempts, as a sheer of white light appeared from her palms and seeped through Zale’s body. Absorbed into his skin and the divine power ran in his veins. 
It took a while for Abby to heal him, though not completely and once she was done, she staggered back and Aliana held her. 
"Are you okay?" Aliana saw the look on the Serafim’s face, but she shook her head and steadied herself quickly. 
"I am fine." Abby nodded and fixed her eyes on Zale. She was frowning. "You will be fine, but you can’t force yourself." 
After saying that, Abby walked away with Aliana. There were a lot of things they needed to do now they could hear the commotion from the warriors and the knights, as they were trying to hold back the attack. 
"What was that?" Zale scrunched his nose. He did feel better a little bit, but there was something else. 
================================ 
They were currently on their way to Arleen city. The four of them were inside a big carriage, leading countless carriages behind him, fleeing from the Black Market from a secret exit in the Rosantine Guild, because lady Cyan ran rampant in there with his dark magic users, destroyed the whole Black Market in order to look for Cane after alpha Gallot’s failed attempt to get him. 
If you were not the member of the Rosantine Guild, you wouldn’t know there was another exit from the Black Market. Thanked to Lou’s antics, he actually created that by digging deeper into the ground and created a tunnel. 
This was definitely the lowest place on this continent. 
One might think that was a crazy idea, but if you knew Lou long enough, you would know that was his most normal traits, looking for an escape. 
For now, they were not sure what happened in the Black Market. It was hard to tell. 
"Do you think this place is safe? I mean, how can you be sure the roof will not fall down?" Della asked, worried. She covered her stomach protectively. They were under the ground after all and above them, there was a large area that you could call as a town. She didn’t feel safe, everything could happen. 
"You don’t need to be worried, lady," one of Lou’s men, who came with them to guide them through this tunnel, answered Della from his coach seat. "Our master is a genius." 
"Yeah, he always reminds us of that." The other man, who was sitting beside him, chimed in. 
"Sounds like Lou," Dean commented, he spent some time with the merchant and he genuinely exhausted in his presence. 
However, for Iris, there were another thing that concerned her. She poked her head from the carriage window and saw a long line of carriages and children around the age of six to thirteen, or maybe younger than that, she was not sure, because there were a lot of them. 
"How Lou gathered so many children?" Iris asked, she was having a hard time to see them clearly because of so many carriages, but they walked on their feet to follow them. 
Those carriages must be contained with Lou’s gems and precious items. 
"Hm?" The bald man, who was sitting on the coach seat glanced at the children. "They are already here." 
"What do you mean?" Iris thought, it was very generous for Lou to save these children when they were going to destroy the Black Market. She was not really fond of this place. This place was an embodiment of devilish activities. 
She thought, no matter how twisted Lou was, he still had a soft spot for children and Iris saw him in a new light, until his man explained why the children were there. 
"They were working in the tunnel." The bald man continued without any sense of guilty. 
Meanwhile, Dean and Pax immediately caught the meaning of it and they grimaced. 
"Pardon me? What do you mean they are already here?" Iris fixed her eyes at the bald man, but it was his fellow friend, who was sitting next to him that answered her. 
"Our master bought them to work in the tunnel, since three years ago. We need a lot of children because they are not as strong as a grown up men, but they are cheap labors and we can buy them in a bulk." The man shrugged his shoulders. "Our master can be a little bit stingy with money." 
"Yeah, he is a merchant after all," the bald man added, as if there was nothing wrong with that. 
"What?" Iris was flabbergasted to hear what Lou had done to these children. "He did what to the children?" 
"The children are easy to control, threatening not to allow them to eat will be enough for them to work their little ass." 
After that comment, Iris couldn’t hear what they were saying anymore, her ears rang with anger. Fortunately for them, they were not shifters, thus Iris couldn’t do anything with them, but her anger was be very palpable to see, as Della squeezed her hand to calm her down. 
However, how Iris could be calm when all she wanted was to beat the crap out of Lou?! 
She would be a mother, she would have a child on her own, therefore she became more sensitive when it came to the little one. 
"Iris, that’s how things worked here," Della said, she intended it to be a comforting word, but there was no comfort that Iris got. 
Dean and and Pax couldn’t say anything, they only wondered how could their softhearted luna was born from a creature like alpha Gerald. They were also ashamed of themselves for what they felt in the beginning, how they happened to hate her and part of those people, who had stoned her. 
Iris must not recognize them, but how could they forget? They were even too ashamed to admit and ask for forgiveness, thinking because Iris didn’t notice them, they could pretend it didn’t happen, but it bothered their conscience. 
Right now, they were heading toward Red Claw pack. 
============================= 
Sylph was an air spirit, which was one of mythical creatures that belonged to the Serafim, this one also the only mythical creature that the Serafim had currently. The spirit could only be summoned by the Serafim and its appearance could enhance the magic users. 
"This is the only way," Abby said, she watched dreadfully when their enemy went berserk the moment they managed to penetrate the Bloody Wolf pack, taking down the gates and now the magic users were having a hard time to create the last layer of protection, so they couldn’t get passed them before the real battle could happen. 
This was the same protection like Lou created when he protected Cane and Ethan when they were being attacked by alpha Gallot’s warriors. 
"You will deplete your energy, Serafim." Cedric reminded Abby of the side effect of it. "You are not strong enough to summon the Sylph after you healed these sick children." 
Abby’s blue eyes flashed with irritation. "I am. I am strong enough!"
###Chapter 681: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (23)
Chapter 681: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (23)
"I am strong enough, so stop treating me like I am not!" Abby was offended by what Cedric said. She didn’t need to be reminded of how weak she was, she was hearing enough people talking about that. 
"Serafim..." Cedric wanted to stop her, yet Abby could be stubborn when she wanted something to be done. She had this bad habit of trying to prove herself, how she wanted to be useful in her wish to fulfill her role as the Serafim. 
"Stay close with me," Abby said. Currently, Cedric was the only Holy Knights with her, while the other was assigned to do different task, especially Liam. Abby needed him to be away from her, because if this was Cedric’s reaction, she couldn’t imagine what Liam would do to stop what she was going to do. 
"I still don’t think this is a good idea, Serafim," Cedric said, but Abby completely ignored his opinion, as she gathered her power. 
Cedric could feel the current air became a little bit dense and heavy, but at the same time, it invigorated your energy, as if your exhaustion and your fear was being washed away. 
Cedric watched how Abby summoned the Sylphs. 
If the nature of the salamander was fire, in which it represented an offensive attack, Sylph was the opposite. Sylph’s nature was air, where the spirit was summoned for protection. 
In the past, Abby learned how to summon the sylph from the previous Serafim, where the knowledge was passing down to the next generation, but due to her weak constitution, she only managed to fully summon the spirit air twice and it drained her energy each time. 
The appearance of the Sylph could be said as a beautiful sight to behold. The current air swirled around Abby and bright light emanated from her body, which made her glowed under this dark sky and attracted people’s attention to her. 
Many pack members stopped in whatever they were doing to watch this, including the shifters and the magic users from the Holy Kingdom. While the latter knew what the Serafim was going to do, the former didn’t have any idea what was that. A handful of shifters, who happened seen what Iris had done to Joel, was being reminded of that moment. 
The Bloody Wolf pack’s member fell on their knees as they worshipped the Serafim before them, since in their eyes, she looked like a Goddess at this moment. They didn’t have any idea what Abby was going to do, but they believed, she was going to release her power. 
For people, who was not exposed to magic as much in their entire life, what Abby was doing was very fascinating. It was amazing to witness such magic, especially when they could feel their energy returned, the pain they felt disappeared and for some reason, they were at peace. 
This was the power of the Serafim. That’s what they thought. 
On the other hand, the expectation in these people’s eyes forced Abby to go through and endure the pain, as the flow of her energy were disrupted, it was not stable because she had lost so much, as she had treated a few children from the illnesses before. 
However, no matter what, Abby didn’t want to disappoint them. She rather liked it when people put their hope on her and believed she could do something wonderful and right now that was what she got from the member of the Bloody Wolf pack. 
She wouldn’t let them down. 
============================ 
Before they arrived at Red Claw pack, first they needed to go through Golden Light pack, but this pack was already under alpha Colter and Koda’s control, the two of them managed to defend the place from Golden Light warriors’ attack. 
"Why we don’t stop?" Iris asked after some time passed, she just woke up. Her sleepiness came very often. "How long we have travelled?" She was sure, they had travelled for more than ten hours, at the very least, they needed to take a rest, especially those children, who walked on their feet. 
"We will not stop until we reached the Golden Light pack and met with alpha Colter," Dean explained, which made all the sleepiness that Iris felt vanished, she frowned so hard. 
"What about those children? They are walking on feet, following us! How long it will take for us to reach Golden Light pack?" Iris straightened her back, she felt horrified by what Dean said. 
"In this pace, we will reach Golden Light pack within three days," Pax replied. 
"And those children will walk for three days straight without rest?!" Iris stared at Pax in disbelieve. "And you will not say anything about it?!" 
Dean and Pax lowered their head. 
"Iris, there is nothing much we can do. All of these men are from the Rosantine Guild. They will not take order aside from Sir Lou." Della tried to calm Iris down. "Dean and Pax will not be able to go against them." 
Not to mention about how they were outnumbered, these men were not their people and the two of them wouldn’t be able to change anything. Their protest would fall into deaf ears with no chance to fight them. 
However, Iris was not satisfied with that statement. 
"Stop the carriage!" Iris shouted, she leaned her body toward the coach seat, where the bald man was frowning at her. "I said stop the carriage!" Iris repeated what she was saying. 
"What is it? You need to pee?" 
Iris pressed down her embarrassment when she heard that. "We need to take rest, or else those children will not be able to catch up, they must be very tired!" 
"If they are tired they can stop walking, we don’t force them to walk with us," the bald man guffawed and his fellow friend chimed in. 
"Yeah, the rogue can deal with them." 
This place was not safe, the path they took was where the rogue often appeared and the only reason why the rogue didn’t attack them because they moved in a large number, they wouldn’t be stupid enough to attack a large entourage like this, unless they outnumbered them, which was not likely. 
Rogue attack usually consisted with three to five shifters and their aimed was a lone travelers or people, who they thought could be intimidated. 
Iris couldn’t believe they didn’t really care what happened with those children. 
"I said stop this carriage at once!" Iris roared. 
Iris felt the anger rolled of her voice, which startled the two of them. She balled her fists tightly. If she was able to shift like normal shifter, she might have done that and attacked those two men by herself, because one look of her, you would be able to sense the killing intent that exuded from her trembling body. 
Shocked, the bald man stopped the carriage and completely turned his body to face Iris. He had every intention to scold her for screaming at him like that, but the look on Iris’s face must have forced him to swallow back all the protest he was going to spit it out. 
Dean and Pax had their head hung so low, Iris might not notice this, but she used her luna voice in full force, until it hurt the two of them. It almost felt like they were in the presence of their angry alpha, too scare to even make a noise, even the two men clamped their mouth and lowered their head, didn’t dare to look directly into those blazing blue eyes that filled with anger. 
The air was still for a few second, nobody moved, neither they said a word, until Iris moved toward the carriage door and walked out from there. 
"Luna!" 
Dean and Pax immediately followed her out of the carriage. The alpha had entrusted her with them, if something happened to her, the alpha would have their head, especially after they learned the luna was currently pregnant. 
Cane decided to tell them because they were going to protect her, in that case, they needed to know about her condition. 
Of course, they were thrilled to hear the news, especially after the scheme that Sofia pulled, but at this moment, they had no time for the excitement. 
"Why do we stop?!" One of them approached the bald man, he was not happy to delay the journey, but the bald man only shook his head and nodded at Iris, indicating for him to ask the luna himself. 
"What happened here, luna? Go back to your carriage so we can continue our journey!" The man was furious, even more when Dean and Pax stood between him and Iris, preventing him from taking that woman back to the carriage by himself. 
"We need to take some rest," Iris said, she walked toward the back of the entourage. While her carriage was in the front row, the children were walking at the last row, while in the middle it was a lot of carriage contained with so many precious items belonged to Rosantine Guild. "The children need to rest." 
"They can stop walking if they don’t want to follow us!" the man grumbled loudly, irritated with what Iris decided on her own. "Go back to your carriage!" 
However, Iris didn’t heed what he was saying, as she kept walking to the back of the entourage, while the other men mumbled and gave her nasty look, because she delayed them. 
Yet, the moment Iris arrived at the back and saw the children, her blood boiled with anger. 
"What have you done to them?!" Iris snarled and turned her body around to face these men.
###Chapter 682: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (24)
Chapter 682: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (24)
Chained. The reason why these children were not be able to walk faster was because their feet and hands were chained. 
Iris couldn’t see it from afar, because the chain was very thin, but it was very tight, it bit against their skin. More so, with this dark sky, it was hard to see. 
From closer look, you would be able to tell that the length of the chain between their ankles were enough for them to take a small step, while their hands were tied together. 
Young children were crying because they were hungry, thirsty, tired and in pain. Those, who were slightly older tried to comfort them, but Lou’s men raised their whip, ready to lash them. 
Iris was stunned, her body stiffed when she saw the whip. It reminded her of how Mason used to do that to her, but a muffled cry from the child snapped her out of it when the whip left a deep wound on his skin and blood oozed out. 
"Don’t you dare to do that again!" Iris shouted at the man, who was ready to lash the child again, so he would keep walking. The child must be not older than nine years old and he curled his body on the ground, very exhausted to walk and cry. 
The man gave Iris a nasty look, but he immediately lowered his head when he met her eyes. There was something in the way this luna carried herself that demanded respect from them, instilled fear in their bones. However, they couldn’t figure out why they felt that way about this woman, who was not taller than their shoulders. 
Even Dean and Pax felt scared of their luna. 
"Luna Iris, you need to go back to your carriage, so we can continue. What you are doing right now will only delay us." The man still didn’t look at Iris when he spoke. 
Ignoring what he was saying, Iris went to the child and check his condition. She felt like she was going to cry and kill Lou at the same time to see the wound that the little one sustained, he must have been whipped a few times before Iris stopped it. 
"Bring me water," Iris said, her voice was eerily calm, but tears blurred her vision, she was trying her hardest not to cry and have a meltdown. The sight of this poor little boy set turmoil in her heart. Her emotions were very overwhelming. 
Dean immediately fetch a waterskin for Iris, where she cradled the little boy in her arms, kneeling down, she couldn’t care less how the dusty ground ruined her dress, or how the filthy boy would dirty her. 
"Here, drink slowly..." Iris coaxed him to drink the water, but he would cough and spit the water, which further soiled Iris’s dress, but the luna didn’t seem to worry about it at all, her main focus was on the little boy. 
"So- sorry... I am sorry..." the little one apologized in a very small and weak voice and if Iris couldn’t read his lips, she wouldn’t be able to tell what he was saying. 
It felt close to home. She used to apologize for everything too, no matter what it was. How scared she was for doing something wrong. 
"It’s okay... slowly..." Iris cradled the boy with one hand, while her other hand healed the wound on his back. He was a shifter, but his healing ability had not yet developed well and more so, he was malnourished, where it made his wounds healed very slow. 
Everyone gasped when they saw little light, like fireflies exuded from Iris’s body, the sight was fascinating, especially under the dark sky, where you could see how bright she was. 
The little light floated in the air and seeped through the little boy’s body, slowly healed his wounds. 
Lou’s men took a step back, because they had never seen this kind of magic and not to mention their initial fear when they confronted Iris to go back to her carriage, while Dean and Pax watched their luna in admiration. She was very powerful and they had to admit that. 
A girl among the children raised her hand and a light perched on her finger, she opened her eyes widely when it seeped into her skin and her painful parched fingers healed. They had to work with their hands, so you could see how it destroyed their little fingers. Their nails were broken and their skin were so dry and dirty. 
"Oh..." That little girl raised her hands even more and wanted to catch another light, while the other, who saw this were stunned and immediately followed what she was doing, afraid they couldn’t get these beautiful lights, knowing how it could heal their pain. 
In a matter of second, these children went out of their lines, which made the men, who had to keep them in line roared angrily, they shouted at them to go back to their place. 
Scared, all of the children whimpered and stayed still. Their fear to these men was greater than their desired to not feel pain, because they could inflict more pain on them if they didn’t listen to their warning. 
Iris watched what they did to the children with anger in her eyes, but she responded in different way, as she focused on her power, tuning her inner energy with her surroundings. 
After what she had gone through and how many time, she practiced with this, she could control her power as easy as breathing. More so, during this pregnancy, she felt her power was way more stable. 
"What is that?!" Lou’s men exclaimed in shock when burst of white light exuded from Iris’s body, it illuminated her surroundings and momentarily, the sky looked less gloomy, as if the sun finally shone on them. 
This time, those little lights like fireflies surrounded them, it multiplied in number, floated in the air and seeped into their body, invigorated them and healed their wounds, wrapped them with so much warm, blanketed them gently. 
"This..." Lou’s men looked at their hands and their wounds also healed, which left them speechless. The lights from Iris healed them without exception. 
"How she can do this...?" 
"I have never seen this kind of magic." 
"Is she a healer?"
"No, she must be a magic user." 
"No, she is supposed to be a runt..." 
"What kind of magic is this?" 
"Is a runt can do healing magic?" 
They were flabbergasted and all of their eyes were fixed on Iris, who cradled the filthy boy in her arm, trying to make him drink without spitting the water out again. 
"We really need to apologize to her..." Dean said under his breath to Pax, who was standing beside him. 
"Yes... I hope she will forgive us..." Pax mumbled, he raised his hand and felt the warmth from the light. 
Behind them, Della had gotten out of the carriage too and was amazed by the sight before her eyes, she touched her stomach and felt her baby was moving gently. 
============================ 
Abby was having a hard time to preserve the existence of the air spirit, where she could feel her energy was depleted very quickly. She was kneeling down on the ground, trying to control her breathing, while Cedric kept telling her to let go of the Sylph, but she couldn’t do that. 
The magic users from the Holy Kingdom managed to strengthen the barrier of protection around them, it shaped of a huge dome, where it prevented the black rain to cascade down and cause the children be in more pain, or inflicted more illness on people. 
Without the sylph, the magic users wouldn’t be able to cast such remarkable protection, though they were great in number, but to cover such vast area was too far stretched for them. 
"You need to stop this, Abby," Cedric advised her in low voice, as he held her body. She was kneeling down, clearly in so much pain. 
She had done this for around six hours now and Liam was very frustrated with her. He had tried to make her stop too, but to no avail. Instead, Abby asked him to stay away from her, because she didn’t want him to see her in pain like this. 
"I can do it..." Abby said stubbornly. She bit her lip and tried to focus on her power, in which, it felt like the power kept slipping away through her fingers if her concentration was distracted. "How long the reinforcement will arrive?" 
Cedric shook his head, noticed the stubbornness between her eyes. "Half a days, maybe a few more hours... you will not be able to hold that long, Abby." Cedric could feel how cold her body was. "Let them fight, you have hold back long enough, we can bring all the people to escape. We can meet the reinforcement halfway if we go now. The shifters and the magic users will be able to give us enough time. You have done enough." 
Abby shook her head. She stared at the sylph. Why it was very difficult for her to navigate her power? This power like something that she borrowed, a living being that she couldn’t control, something that was not in sync with her. 
From as far as she knew, the previous Serafim didn’t have such difficulty when it came to their power, yes, they had their own struggle, but with Abby, it almost felt like this power didn’t belong to her. Something that didn’t want her in the first place. 
Should she look for the great shrine? Looking for the five swords to purify herself?
###Chapter 683: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (25)
Chapter 683: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (25)
With her current power, Abby was sceptic to be able to fight against the Decratic. There was no way she could stand a chance against him with how weak she was, no matter how strong the Holy Knights and magic users from the Holy Kingdom, it would be the Serafim against the Decratic in the end. 
It was written down in their hall, the prophecy about the Decratic and the Serafim. Because the two entities would be existed in at some point within one of the generations of Serafim’s lifetime. 
There was no doubt in that, the knowledge had been drilled into Abby ever since she was a child and the Holy Kingdom discovered her as the next generation of the Serafim, as the previous one was already very old to carry out her duty as the Serafim. 
That day was the day that changed Abby’s entire life. Many people had a high expectation of her, where it started to suffocate her. They paid close attention to her every move, as if she couldn’t even breath wrongly. 
However, at the same time too, Abby had to watch the disappointment in their expression every time she didn’t meet their high expectation. Those eyes were scary. She felt very alone and lonely when in actuality, she was surrounded by so many people and they barely left her alone. They got her everything that they thought she wanted and needed. 
But, with every thing Abby got, the pressure became more unbearably high. 
Their expectation was like a poison that she had to drink all the time. It didn’t kill her, but it ruined her.
"Sylph..." Abby stretched out her hand and the spirit held it, the air spirit blinked her eyes. 
The spirit was twice Abby’s size with her hair woven like wind. The spirit took shape as a beautiful woman, but as the air spirit, you couldn’t really touch her. Her unique constitution allowed you to see through her. 
"Give me your strength..." Abby said weakly. 
================================ 
"Release them." Iris held the little boy’s hand, as she instructed Lou’s men to get rid of the chain that chained these poor children. 
"We can’t do that!" One of them retorted immediately, but then he cleared his voice and talked to her in a gentler voice. "We can’t do that luna..." They had witnessed what Iris could do and somehow it scared them, even though what this luna was doing was to heal them. 
However, like most human, they had the tendency to fear what they didn’t know and they were the same. They were afraid of what else Iris could do. Added that to the fact, they had this special order from their master to pay close attention to this luna. Lou said it himself if she was hurt or he found any scratch on her body, he would maim them. 
Lou could look as an easy- going person, an annoying man in Iris’s eyes and a thorn for Cane, but for his men, he was as scary as monster when he was provoked and they failed to do what they had been told. 
With that warning, they knew how their master valued this woman highly, therefore, angered the luna, could gain them their master’s wrath, which was the last thing they wanted. 
"Why can’t? You said it yourself that they will not run away and even if they did, you will not care." Iris looked very fierce and Della was stunned to see this side of her. In the past, they didn’t meet very often, but in one look, she could see how timid she was, a little luna who used to cower behind the alpha. 
Yet, looked at her now. Who would have thought, she could stand confidently against so many men, whose body was twice hers with scarry look on their faces, but Iris didn’t back down at all and in a matter of fact, it was them, who seemingly afraid of her, especially after what she could do. 
Della was amazed, even when she was holding a title as the queen, she couldn’t muster such courage. 
"Do it now!" Iris growled impatiently, because they didn’t start to move. 
Hearing that, Dean and Pax took the initiative to free the closer children to them and only then, one or two of Lou’s men followed, and in the end, all of them did what Iris told them to do, until all of the chain had been broken and the children were free. 
"Give them water," Iris said and this time, they did what they were told without any delay. It was surreal to see how this petite woman could move around a hundred men with her command. 
"Thank you," the boy said in small voice. He looked better after Iris healed him, so did the rest of the children. 
"I am glad if you feel better." Iris caressed his cheek and the boy lowered his head timidly. 
Iris checked on all of them and made sure they were fed. 
With that, Iris requested for them to stop every three hours to rest for fifteen minutes and then they would stop for an hour to eat. At night, they would also stop, so the children could sleep. They would not travel all the way to the Golden Light pack without stopping at all and killed all of the children in the process. 
"I wonder if we ever reach the Golden Light pack." 
"At this rate, master will be able to catch up with us soon." 
"Let the master to deal with that woman, I want to see if she can still act haughtily toward him." 
"That’s right. Let’s see how master Lou put her in her place!" 
Dean and Pax, who overheard what they were saying could only roll their eyes dramatically, knowing how Lou was openly infatuated by their luna, they wondered if it would be the other way around, where Iris was the one, who would give him a piece of her mind. 
Iris was already very pissed of how Lou made these children worked. Dean and Pax wondered if Lou would have a chance to explain himself when Iris lashed out at him. 
They started to move again after the children were well fed and well rested, but black rain started pouring down. 
"You have done a great thing, luna Iris," Della said when they finally back to the carriage. 
Iris stared at the black rain, just like the member of the Bloody Wolf pack, she wished the Serafim could cast away this black rain and dark sky, but she didn’t think she could, because if she was able to do so, they would have gotten their sunlight again by now. 
"I don’t think I have done enough," Iris replied softly, she touched her stomach and felt her heart warmed up when she felt her bump. 
"Don’t say that, you have done so much for those children and they are very grateful for you." Dean and Pax knew Iris would go to extra length to help, but it was a pity there were so many members of their pack that still couldn’t overcome their hatred and lived their life in the shadow of their past, clouded their judgment on Iris when she did nothing, but showing them her kindness. 
On the third day, it happened, Lou managed to catch up with them and was flabbergasted to see they were still halfway toward the Golden Light pack, where they supposed to have arrived there. 
============================= 
Abby was really on her wits end, she didn’t think she could hold it down a little bit longer and oddly enough the rain kept pouring down during this time, making things more difficult for them. 
The moment the sylph disappeared because Abby couldn’t sustain her existence, the barrier of protection grew weak. It supposed to hold back their enemy and the black rain that had been pouring down for hours, but then a drop of water fell and they knew it was only a matter of time for them to be able to keep it together. 
"Liam!" Cedric roared to ask for Liam. He was too upset for what Abby was doing, so he couldn’t stay close with her, while respecting her wishes to keep going on with her stubbornness. 
But the moment he saw the sylph disappeared and Cedric called for him, he rushed back and found Abby had fallen unconscious. 
"Take her with the rest of the people and bring them away from here! The reinforcement must not be too far from here!" Cedric said. 
It had been almost half a day, the reinforcement should be here in any moment and they had plenty of time to fight their enemies until they came. 
Liam didn’t need to be told twice, as he carried Abby in his arms and went away on horseback with her, while Cedric and the other Holy Knights would stay to fight along with the warriors. 
Arthur came to him and pat his shoulder. "This is time," he said and then shifted into his beast, while the droplet of black rain cracked the barrier of protection and when it completely had gone, the battle started. 
All the Holy Knights drew their swords and fought the beasts, while the magic users fought with their magic, but there was a limit for them, because without the sylph, they needed to use their magic stone wisely, or else, they would only be a cannon fodder in this battle. 
Meanwhile, for the knights, it was tricky to kill the shifters, who could heal so fast. They really needed to make sure they severed their head in one swift movement.
###Chapter 684: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (26)
Chapter 684: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (26)
Once the protection was disappeared, all hell broke loose. The warriors and the Holy Knights, along with the magic users fought against the royal warriors, they were outnumbered because they lost so many warriors during their time in the border of Diandem pack. 
And after two hours of a fierce battle, the warriors and the people from the Holy Kingdom were forced back due to so many magic users, who ran out of the magic stones. They were rather useless without it.
If this kept happening and they couldn’t hold back their ground, it was only a matter of time they caught up with all the pack member, who fled from the pack, while the reinforcement had not yet to be seen. 
"Knights! Stand your ground!" Cedric roared, as he led all the Holy Knights and secured the escape path for the magic users, as they couldn’t be any help in this battle anymore. "Hold your ground!" 
The shifters were in front of them, while they took care the beasts, who managed to go past them. 
On the other hand, it was Arthur, who led the warriors, as he penetrated deep into the defense of the royal warriors with Mal in their beast form. 
It came as a surprised that the two of them had a great fighting ability as good as their aptitude in spying. They killed so many warriors until they could see him. 
He was sitting on the horse, at the further back of the barrage of the royal warriors. One wouldn’t be able to see him, if they didn’t manage to go as far as the two of them. 
It was Kellan. The crippled prince, the former crown prince, who supposed to be not be able to walk again, let alone to be on the horseback and from the look of it, he could move his legs just fine. 
Arthur and Mal didn’t believe what they were seeing. There was no way Kellan was suddenly be able to walk. They were spy after all, they knew the detail of what was going on and the last report about Kellan was; he mated with alpha Derick’s younger daughter and was pardoned as long as the alpha from the Celestial Moon pack gave up and pledged his loyalty to the new king, Alan. 
After that, there was no more news about what happened to him, since he lived inside the palace, where they couldn’t get any information and had no man there. 
But right now, he was alive and able to move his legs. 
Arthur and Mal needed to let other people knew about it, the alpha must know about what happened, but because they went too deep, it was hard for them to trace back when the other shifters didn’t manage to come through the defense as far as them. 
They were trapped in the enemy’s territory and Kellan saw them, recognized them as Cane’s people and a devilish smirk appeared on the corner of his lips, as he talked to the beast beside him. 
There was no way for Arthur and Mal to be able to get out from here alive and Kellan made sure of it. 
Meanwhile, miles away from where Arthur and Mal faced their predicament, the pack member of the Bloody Wolf pack, ran as far as they could, but still, their pace was not fast enough for them to be able to completely ran away from their enemy, even after so many hours Abby tried to preserve for them. 
Not only because there were so many children, who were sick and had to be carried by their parents in their human form or by the knights, but also because of the terrain was very slippery, since the rain poured down relentlessly. 
Zale hugged little thing in his arms, while he made sure the children followed him. 
They supposed not to expose themselves under the rain, but the problem was; the carriages couldn’t go through the muddy ground and the children, who were inside had to walk, if they strong enough, while the sick ones needed to be carried. 
It would put those already sick children became even more sick. 
"Joel... it is painful..." Celia whimpered when she was carried by Joel in his arms, she had been very sick and the Serafim had not yet had a chance to heal her. 
"It’s okay, Celia. You will be fine... hold on a little bit longer, okay? You will be fine..." Joel didn’t know what to say and he was afraid, he was going to lose her, because he could hear how her heartbeat was weakening. 
"Haco..." Celia was in and out of consciousness when she asked for Haco. 
"Haco with us. Haco is here." Joel slowed down and approached Haco, who was with Aliana. She had to help the old sorcerer to walk and coax him to keep moving, because he was refusing to move. This terrain was too harsh on his old body. 
"Haco..." Celia stretched out her hand, wanted to hold his. 
Haco stared at her small hand for a while, before he held it and both of them walked like that, which made Joel and Aliana fell so far behind from the other, because Celia didn’t want to let go of Haco’s hand and the old sorcerer walked too slow. 
At that moment, three beasts managed to go through their defense and caught up with them. 
"Go!" Aliana shouted at Joel to take care of Celia and Haco, while she shifted into her beast and charged toward their attacker. 
"No!" Joel watched in horror when Aliana fought against the three beasts, but two of them managed to preoccupy her and the third beast rushed toward Joel. 
The young warrior didn’t have a chance, but to put Celia down and let Haco to take care of the little girl, as he fought the beast. 
Needless to say, these beasts were seasonal warrior from the Golden Light pack, who served the royal family for years, their experience in battle was far from what Joel could imagine, thus taking down one of them were a very hard task for him, so did for Aliana too. 
From the corner of his eyes, Joel could see one of the beasts managed to bite a chunk of flesh on Aliana’s shoulder, as her beast roared in pain, but determined to keep on fighting. 
Joel wanted to rush to her, but he couldn’t lose his focus on fighting the beast before his eyes, more so, he had Haco and Celia to protect. 
The battle went fiercely and thankfully, before any horrendous thing could happen to them, Zephyr and Asher had rushed to help. They fought the beasts ferociously, which saved their lives. 
However, Aliana was extremely injured, since she took two beasts at time. 
"Where is Grace?!" Joel ignored his own injuries, he shifted into his human form, as he went to see Aliana, who was bleeding from her shoulder. 
"Go and take Celia and Haco away from here!" Zephyr commanded Asher. "I will take care of Aliana!" He then shifted his attention toward the young warrior. "Go and get Grace here! I will stay with her!" 
Joel and Asher didn’t waste another second when both of them stood up and were about to do the task that was given to them when more beasts broke loose of their defense, this time, there were seven of them. 
"This will not do..." Asher muttered. 
"Go... leave me here," Aliana said in small voice. She knew there was no way they would be able to fight the seven of them while trying to protect her. 
However, how could they leave her behind?! There was no way they would do that to her! 
This was what Jace scared for his little sister, why he was very adamant for her to not leave the pack because he knew this kind of thing could happen and it was very dangerous out there, especially if she had to follow the alpha. 
"Go... you can’t save me..." Aliana said and that was very true. 
The battle came so near, as they could hear the growls and snarls from those beasts, who were fighting, as the ground was shaking. 
And before Zephyr and the other could decide what to do, the seven beasts had charged toward them, they barred their fangs and claws, ready to take their lives. 
It wouldn’t end well, because from the corner of their eyes, they could see more and more enemies managed to go through the Holy Knights and the shifters, they made a hole in their defense and didn’t stop coming. 
Kian and Reed realized what was going on the last row and immediately came with the other three warriors, as they handed over the children in their arms and urged them to move faster than this, but it was so hard to do so. 
Five beasts from Cane’s people came to help, but there were more enemies came down on them. 
This wouldn’t do, if the reinforcement didn’t come quickly, there would be no one to be saved here. All of them would be slaughtered in no time. 
Yet, the ground kept shaking as the battle grew fiercer. Zephyr and the other could feel how the ground became unsteady, but they couldn’t shake off their opponents and had to hold them back there. 
However, they lost their balance when the ground where they were standing collapsed, it was a landslide and all of them fell from there, including Aliana, Haco and Celia. 
The landslide created a chasm, separated the battle from the Bloody Wolf pack members.
###Chapter 685: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (27)
Chapter 685: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (27)
Everyone stopped dead in their track when they witnessed what was going on behind them after such loud rumbling from behind them. 
Their jaw dropped to see the ground disappeared, creating chasm between them and the battle behind. It meant... they were safe for now. They could escape from the royal warriors and being slaughtered. 
After their initial shocked, their faces became very relief, they praised the Serafim, saying this was their good luck to have her with them, while Abby was unconscious in Liam’s arms. She didn’t have any idea what was going on when the people chanted her name and prayed for her. 
However, though it was a good thing the landslide created a huge gap between them and their slaughtered, it meant the reinforcement couldn’t reach the shifters and the Holy Knights on the other side, who were still fighting against the enemies. 
More so, there was more thing that the people from the Bloody Wolf pack failed to notice, since it was not in their concern at all. 
"Aliana and Joel!" Zale said, he rushed toward one of the luna’s seven warriors, Otis, he was with Dyne and Eron. "They fell behind! They were attacked and Zephyr and the other three warriors rushed to the back!" 
"What?!" Otis ran toward him, while Dyne and Eron handed the children they were carrying to other warriors and approached Joel as well. The three of them were rather at the middle row, so they didn’t notice what happened at the back. 
"They fell!" Zale said in panic. "Haco and Celia too!" Zale held Lil Thing closed to his chest, the bear was very small right now, but because of that, its body became very fragile. The little creature trembled in his arms because of the cold wind and rain. "There were three warriors with them, who fought the enemies, as they managed to catch up!" 
Zale tried to explain what he saw, while Leena and Joyce clutched his clothes, they stayed close with him. Thankfully, the two of them were not sick, since they were rarely exposed in the rain. 
"Damn it!" Eron growled, as he and the other two warriors rushed toward the back, where they saw a huge gap and how the landslide had created a chasm. 
"You go with the other, we will look for them!" Otis ordered Zale. 
"No, I want to go with you!" Zale didn’t want to be left behind, but when he moved, Leena and Joyce pulled his clothes, reminding him they were still there. 
"Stay with them," Dyne said. "You are needed more here. Take care of them, that’s your task." 
Zale wanted to protest, but when he saw the look on Leena and Joyce’s face, they reminded him of his dead sister, which held himself from insisting to come along with them. 
"Go to the front row and see if the reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom is nearby." Eron added, because he could see how conflicted Zale was. 
Meanwhile, Otis looked for more warriors, who could come with them. 
The landslide was pretty horrible, it went so steep and with the rain kept pouring down, the ground wouldn’t be stable, there might be a high chance another landslide would happen again, knowing there were so many people in one spot at this time. 
"It will be very dangerous," Eron said, as he tried to look down into the bottom of the chasm, which looked like it was bottomless. 
Otis managed to find two more warriors, who could come with them. 
"I don’t think anyone will be able to survive this fall..." One of the warriors said, he was from the Riverside pack. 
"It will waste our time to look for them." The other warrior from the same pack agreed with his fellow pack member and their comment got an angry glare from Dyne, Eron and Otis. 
"There are our friends down there and I don’t want to hear that kind of shit again!" Eron growled at the two of them viciously. 
"If you don’t want to come with us, you can leave!" Dyne snarled at them. 
But in the end, the two warriors from the Riverside pack decided to come down with them for the rescue, if there was still anyone, who was able to be saved... 
They were fine, the only thing they needed to do was to find them right away. They would be fine. They were shifters after all, they could heal... 
That was what they kept saying to themselves when they shifted into their beasts and went down to look for them. 
========================== 
Countless people died, some of them, who managed to survive the attack were now being held as as hostage, the Black Market was no more, as the place had been razed to the ground. 
Alpha Gallot fell on his knees to watch how lady Cyan and her black magic users ruined the highest profit in his pack. The Black Market was literally the Moon Dew pack’s pocket money, but now it had vanished, because of what? A single alpha? 
Aria was among the black magic users, who inspected the people that survived from the Black Market, she was looking for Cane. 
"He is not here!" Aria said grimly. "He is not among these people!" She looked very upset to learn about that and now she glared at Redmond. "What if he died in there?!" She pointed the remaining of the Black Market. 
"There is no way Cane will stay inside there, he knew he will die if he stayed. He must be among these people, or maybe he managed to escape." Redmond lifted his head haughtily. "You were given a thousand warriors from the Moon Dew pack to do this job, you were the one, who were in charge to make sure to capture all the people, who tried to escape, how can you miss that jerk?" 
Aria was seeing red, she gritted her teeth. "If Cane managed to escape, we should slaughter all of these warriors too because they couldn’t do their job correctly." 
Hearing that, alpha Gallot rose to his feet. "What did you say?! I dare you to say it again?!" He just lost his pocket money and this corpse was talking about killing his men?! The audacity of this woman! Maybe he could kill her for good now! 
"Enough!" Lady Cyan roared, she was furious. "Look for him!" She fixed her eyes on alpha Gallot. "Bring your warrior to scour this area! If he managed to escape, he will not be too far!" 
"There is no way he managed to escape when we guarded tightly the only exit of the Black Market?!" Aria shouted at lady Cyan, she couldn’t care less about this woman. She couldn’t kill her after all, or else, she would upset her brother. Not to mention, Dexter would bring her to live again, which was a waste of effort in lady Cyan’s part. "What if he died!?" 
"There is no way he will die," Redmond scoffed. 
"If he died, I am going to kill you!" Aria snarled at Redmond, who looked very calm, bored even. "I will make sure to shred your body and give your flesh to the dog, including your son and that woman." 
Redmond shrugged. "Do it then. Do you think I care?" he smirked tauntingly. "Next time, threaten me with something that I truly give a shit." 
Aria really wanted to kill this man. She would find a way to get rid of this man. 
=========================== 
Eron and the other didn’t know how long they had gone down and how many hours had passed, but once they touched the bottom of it, they could no longer hear the sound of the battle from above. It was very deep, deeper than they thought. 
At this point, they became pessimistic to be able to find anyone, neither there would be someone survived the fall. 
"This is really a waste of time..." Arlen, the warrior from the Riverside pack mumbled under his breath, but because of how quite this place was, all of them could hear him, yet this time, no one talked anything. 
As soon as they saw the terrain and how bad it was, they knew it was a waste of time. It was their impulsiveness to save their fellow pack member that made Eron and the other made this reckless decision. 
"Keep looking," Dyne said, he himself started to look around, even though he was not sure where to start or what to look for. 
All of them shifted into their beast again, sniffing the air and sharpened their hearing, trying to catch any sound that indicated their effort wouldn’t go to waste. 
The five of them used the luminous pearls to illuminate the area, this was pit dark, the light from the pearls, could only brighten short area. 
However, they couldn’t give up. 
They took turn to shift between their human form and then their beast form to communicate, since they couldn’t use mind link, especially for the Howling Wolf pack warriors, since the link had been broken years ago. 
"Here! I found someone here!" Eron exclaimed, as he saw a leg from under the rubbles of rocks. 
The four of them immediately rushed toward him and saw what Eron had found out. It was hard to tell what they were feeling right now because even though they found someone, this person most certainly had died looking from his condition. There was no way this person would survive. 
"Who is that?" Otis asked the most critical question. "Who do you think is that?" 
They were scared to
###Chapter 686: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (28)
Chapter 686: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (28)
They were scared to guess, who might be under the rubbles of the rocks. 
Who could that be? The enemies that fell with their pack member? Or this person was one of their members? Aliana? Zephyr? Kian? Or who was that? 
"Damn it!" Eron growled, as he started to move rock after rock from on top of this person.
With this deep chasm, they didn’t need to worry about the member of the Bloody Wolf pack, who fled from the battle, because they were safe now, yet you couldn’t say the same to the other side of this chasm... 
They only hoped the reinforcement would find a way to reach to them in time before everything was too late and they had to lose them all. 
The five of them ignored how the sharp edges of rocks injured their hand, as they moved them from this person as quick as possible. 
Needless to say, once they managed to get this person out of the rubbles, they barely able to recognize them. Half of their body was ruined and their face was unrecognizable. 
"Who do you think it is?" Arlen asked. 
"This must be a man from the clothes he is wearing," Deca said, he was the warrior from the Riverside pack, same like Arlen. 
"Zephyr and the other was not wearing this kind of clothes," Otis muttered. 
"He must be one of the royal warriors, who had fallen alongside with them," Eron said. Because of how bad the light was and their current emotional state, it was hard to tell, yet after a close inspection, all of them agreed this person was one of the royal warriors. 
"Should we bury him again with the rubbles?" Dyne kicked the dead man body, upset. "We waste our time and energy to dig him out when he can stay there forever." 
"Let’s go find the other!" Eron didn’t want to dwell with it. Yes, it was annoying that they got it wrong, but it also meant, the other wouldn’t be too far, since they fell from close spot with each other. "The other must be close from here! Pay attention!" 
They stopped grumbling and started searching the area thoroughly. 
================================== 
Abby whimpered softly when she heard people roared in excitement, chanting the praise for the knights from the Holy Kingdom. 
From the sound of it, it seemed, they finally were here, which was great. It meant, they could turn the table against the enemy now. 
However, Abby was too tired, she was unable to move her body, not even lifting her finger. She tried to focus on what the people around her were saying, but the more she listened to them, the more she couldn’t comprehend a single word out of them. Their voices sounded like a buzz in her ears. 
Abby fought to stay conscious, but she couldn’t keep it any longer. Her energy was completely depleted, she had never felt very weak like this before. 
The last thing she remembered, her back touched a soft bed. Someone must have built a tent and put her in a makeshift bed, so she could rest, which was great. 
Everything would be fine right now. The reinforcement was here and Abby only needed to recover quickly. 
With that thought in mind, Abby stopped fighting back and fell into unconsciousness. The darkness was very quiet and she had this bad dream. 
============================= 
Because of what Iris had requested for them to do, they fell behind the scheduled so bad, until Cane, Ethan, Lou and some of the Rosantine Guild’s men, who stayed behind with the alpha and the merchant, managed to catch up with them. 
Lou was about to lash out at his men, but they actually beat him into it, as they reported what Iris had done and why they couldn’t really reject her idea. 
"You said it yourself that we need to take her into consideration." 
"You clearly value her a lot." 
"She was very scary when those lights exuded from her body!" 
There were around ten people that surrounded Lou, talking at the same time and gave the merchant a headache. 
And while Lou dealt with his man, the first thing Cane did was to look for his mate, making sure she was fine and was not injured. 
"She is more than fine, alpha," Dean said. 
"The luna actually took control of this entourage," Pax added. 
They then proceeded to tell Cane what happened, the explanation was concise and brief, but this didn’t fail to put a smile on Cane’s face. 
"Della, can I have a moment with my mate?" Cane asked Della respectfully to leave the carriage. "My men have prepared more comfortable carriage for you." He didn’t address her as a queen anymore, since she was not. 
Della smiled softly, she wanted to say that she was comfortable in this carriage, but then she held herself back, because she was not that close with Cane to make such a joke, more so, she didn’t think the alpha would appreciate it. 
Politely, Cane helped Della out of the carriage, by holding her hand, as she had a hard time to get off, since she was very pregnant right now, after that Cane instructed Dean and Pax to look after her and escorted her to her new carriage. 
Dean and Pax took Care of Della and Lou dealt with his man, while Cane attended to his mate, who was currently curled herself under the blanket, sleeping. She didn’t have any idea how Lou’s men were badmouthing her out there to their master, but here she was having a good time on her own. 
Cane couldn’t help, but smiling at the sight of his mate. He was rather taken aback to see this entourage was still half way to the Golden Light pack, his mind raced to the worst possible thing that could happen. 
Did they attack by rogue? But, from what he learned the rogues wouldn’t attack this large entourage, more so, this dessert wouldn’t provide them with a terrain that could benefit them to launch a sneak attack. 
Did something happen to the pregnant women? Did they meet misfortune? Was there a monster attack? 
But Cane’s mind was in peace when he heard the explanation of what happened from Dean and Pax. He couldn’t help, but smiled helplessly at the sight of Iris. 
"You become a handful now," Cane said softly, as he leaned over and kissed her lips tenderly. He didn’t want to wake her up, but he wanted to hold her close to him, yet he was dirty and drenched from the black rain. His eyes traced to her lower body, but the blanket hid her bump... 
Cane stared for a while, but then decided to take a look, as he pulled down the blanket, revealing her body, but because of the dress she was wearing and her bump was not really visible to see, since she was still four months along, you couldn’t tell that she was pregnant. 
Cane leaned over and kissed her belly, but when the water dripped on her makeshift bed and wet her front dress, he immediately backed down, decided to clean himself first before trying anything with his mate. 
Gently, Cane tucked Iris inside the blanket again. She looked very adorable, as she snuggled in and sighed deeply. 
On the back of Cane’s mind, he could feel the lycan was pacing back and forth impatiently. This lycan had been trying to go out, even more when he was injured, but right now, Cane could get a better control of him and managed to shut him down quickly to Lu liking. 
That was why, Lu still couldn’t resurface even when he was being stabbed by Aria and was injured. Probably, the cursed creature managed to go out if Iris didn’t come in time to purify the black magic in him. 
Cane could feel how Lu wished ill upon him, so he could come out, but to no chance... 
Outside, there was a knock on the door and Lou’s voice could be heard. "Iris? Hey, I have something to explain to you..." he said in soft, coaxing tone, which made Cane frowned. "That’s not like how you saw it. I am not that kind of monster, okay? I don’t abuse those children." Lou cleared his throat, knowing how it was a lie. "I will explain, okay? Can you come out for a while, please?" 
Behind Lou, his men were dumbfounded. They rubbed their head and legs, because Lou kicked and hit them mercilessly after hearing what happened. Their master’s reaction was beyond their comprehension. 
Instead of lashing out on that woman, it was actually them, who got the punishment and now, here he was, their ferocious master talking very sweet, as if he was eating a lot of candies. 
"Iris... come out for a..." Lou immediately backed down when it was Cane, who opened the carriage door and jumped down. His eyes fixed on the merchant, without saying anything. 
The alpha looked even scarier when he didn’t say anything at all like this. 
"I asked for Iris, why it will always you, who came to meet me?!" Lou protested. 
Meanwhile, Ethan leaned his back against one of the carriages that used to carry their chests, enjoying the sight before his eyes, not long after, Dean and Pax joined him too. It was rare thing to be entertained in this kind of situation. 
"My mate is sleeping, what do you want?" Cane asked darkly, he closed the door behind him. 
"Never mind," Lou said, waving his hands. "I will talk to her when she woke up."
###Chapter 687: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (29)
Chapter 687: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (29)
"You better not talk to her for a while, don’t even show your face in front of her, because it will make her upset," Cane said lightly, despite how scary he looked like, his tone was rather gentle, as if he was giving some sage advice, which confused Lou with this mild reaction. "Give her time to calm down, if you provoked her now, she will not want to see you ever again, she can be very stubborn." 
Cane didn’t need to know the detail of what Lou was going to say to Iris or why he looked panic like this. It didn’t take a genius to guess what happened. 
This merchant should be smart enough to see this coming when he exposed himself of how he abused those children, knowing how Iris always had a soft spot for the little one, but unfortunately, Lou didn’t think that far. 
Lou narrowed his eyes. He was being suspicious. "How do you know she will still be angry with me?" 
"Because she is my mate, I know her from inside and out," Cane replied simply. 
However, it sounded lewd in Lou’s ears, making him shivered uncomfortably... what he meant with inside... out? He didn’t even want to think about that. 
"Make sure not to show your face in front of her for a while, she will be easily having conversation with later." 
There was no hostility, there was no anger, there was no malicious intention from the way Cane talked to Lou, as if he gave the merchant a genuine advice, which made him actually considered it. 
It seemed, Cane was using difference approach with Lou. Something that was unusual, something that was seemingly not him at all. 
"I will come later," Lou finally said, he didn’t want to take Cane’s advice, but he was considering it. He was scared to face Iris’s wrath to be honest. "Let’s move, let’s move!" he waved his hands to his men. 
However, one of them reminded him. "Master, we need to stop because we need to let the children to rest and sleep." 
"This is what that luna told us to do." One of them chimed in too. 
Annoyed, Lou grumbled and said nothing, as he slammed the door to his carriage, he was in bad mood and Ethan, Dean and Pax were having a good chuckle, witnessing the whole ridiculous thing unfolded. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t waste time to clean himself and put on clean clothes before he approached Iris and cuddled her to sleep. 
After what happened in the Black Market, being with his mate was heaven. He could sleep better with her in his arms, she was his only solace against this chaotic world. 
The next day when Iris woke up, she was surprised to find Cane was already by her side. 
She blinked her eyes a few times and rubbed her face, thinking she was seeing thing, but it was real. Cane was here. She raised her hand and nudged his cheek. It was solid. The warmth that emanated from his body was also real, there was no doubt in that. 
What a pleasant surprised she got! Her toes curled because of how excited she was to see him again, back into his arms. Her sleepiness disappeared and somehow, she became excited, giddy to see her mate. 
Why she didn’t wake up when he was here? It was either she slept too deep, or Cane moved too gently, which didn’t startle her at all. 
Iris raised her hand and caressed his forehead, she smoothened his unkempt hair and traced his brows, down to the scar on his face, the bridge of his nose, his eyelids, his lips, chin, jaw... Iris wanted to touch every inch of him.
And when she saw Cane didn’t wake up, she pushed herself up slightly to kiss his lips, it was a peck, but when Cane was still sleeping, she became a little bit bold, as she nibbled on his lower lip. She kissed his nose, chin and neck. 
Iris realized what she was doing could wake Cane up and how tired he was after such a long journey to get here, it was selfish of her to satisfy her own needs by disregarding his need to rest. 
But... she couldn’t help it. She wanted him. 
Iris bit her lip, scolding herself for being very lewd, she was supposed not to be like this, but despite how harsh she scolded herself, she kept doing it. 
this time, she sucked his neck, leaving a red mark on his skin, the same thing that Cane had done to her in the past, but unfortunately, the red mark didn’t last for long for Iris liking, because it only appeared for one second and disappeared in the next. 
Stupid healing ability! Iris scowled, as she tried again. 
"How long do you want to do this, Iris?" Cane asked gently, as he tightened his arms around her body and this startled her. 
In what world, Iris could assume that Cane was not awake during the whole thing she had done to him. The alpha was woken up, the moment he realized Iris was awake, but he stayed still when his mate stared at him intently. 
And just like what Cane had expected, she was being naughty again. 
Iris stuttered, her face turned very red because she was embarrassed to be caught red handed. "I... I thought you were sleeping," she said softly. 
Iris tried to save herself by burying her face against his chest, she knew that she couldn’t escape him with his arms wrapped tightly around her body. 
However, Cane lifted her red little face and stared at her lips. "How do you expect me to be asleep when you were touching me, Iris?" 
"I am sorry..." Iris said. 
She could be very fierce and assertive days ago when she ordered Lou’s men around and set the rule during their journey to the Golden Light pack, but right now, she was nothing but a meek woman, who mewled in her mate’s arms, blushing from her cheek to her neck, down to her chest. 
"Hm." Cane leaned over and kissed her lips, as he mumbled. "Let me taste your sorry..." 
Timidly, Iris reciprocated the kiss, as she tangled her legs against his and this made Cane grunted against her mouth. 
And when she thought, Cane wouldn’t be mad at her, Iris actually started to grind herself against his, which made Cane broke their kiss and stared at her intently, rendering her to stop what she was doing, blinked her eyes innocently, as if she had done nothing wrong. 
The alpha was helpless against his mate. "What do you want Iris?" he whispered asking her. 
Iris hesitated, but when Cane started to kiss her neck, down to her breast and pulled down her dress, she softly spoke. "I want to be kissed... down there." 
After she said that, her entire body turned red, she felt so bold and embarrassed to actually voice out what she was thinking, but Cane smiled against her skin. 
Cane obliged to what his mate wanted, as he slowly undressed her. He could see the anticipation in her eyes and this made him hard, the thought of his mate wanted him was enough to turn him on. 
Despite the lack of sleep and how tired he was, he wouldn’t turn her down. He would always desire her, missed the connection between them and the intimate moment they shared together. 
Iris was satisfied when she could feel his skin against hers the flames that burned so bright between them when Cane started to kiss her gently. 
He kissed, licked and nibbled on her skin, made her curled her body in delight when he took her nipple into his mouth and bit her tender flesh lightly, while his finger pinched and pulled her other nipple. 
Iris felt very hot, her body was burning, as she kept calling his name, grabbing his hair. 
Cane stopped his assault when Iris was breathless and slowly moved down to her lower body, but he didn’t miss her bump. 
A rare genuine smile appeared on his lips when he saw her little bump, moving up and down, as she breathed raggedly. 
Cane kissed her tummy, licked her skin, which made Iris laughed. 
"It tickles..." Iris said between her chuckles and Cane laughed with her. He caressed her bumps and moved down to where she wanted him to be and the laugh died down, as it replaced with a moan. 
This carriage was not the same carriage that had been engulfed by Haco’s spell, thus all of the people out there could hear them, which caused the awkwardness on their faces. 
Out there, people tried to ignore the soft moan from inside a certain carriage, but it was clear to see they were trying too hard and the atmosphere became very stiff and unpleasant. They started to scratch their heads, even though it was not itchy at all. 
Not to mention how the carriage moved lightly with the activity inside. 
Probably, it was only Ethan, who was not bothered by that, he praised himself for being immune for what was going on, since he had seen it countless times and he had passed the period where he would be surprised over this kind of thing, but it couldn’t be said the same to a certain merchant. 
Three days later, they arrived in the Golden Light pack, where alpha Colter and Koda themselves, who greeted them, along with Laluna too, she looked beautiful, though a little bit skinny for someone, who had a baby less than a year old
###Chapter 688: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (30)
Chapter 688: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (30)
When Abby woke up, everything was over. The battled had ended. 
They couldn’t say that they won this battle, since there were a lot of casualties on their side and the royal warriors were forced to retreat. 
The reinforcement managed to find a way to go to the other side of the landslide, but when they got there, a lot of people had died. The shifters, the Holy Knights and the magic users. There were not many of them, who survived.
It was the third day and people built a few tents there, because of so many dead people that they had to bury, many children and older one that had fallen sick, as the result of the rain and a lot of things they had to rearrange, not to mention there were some people were missing. 
Grace was a handful, she barely could rest when the sick people overflooded the tent, she didn’t have the capacity to heal them, only alleviated their pain for a certain amount of time, but not really got rid of it. 
The Serafim was the only one, who could do it, but she was currently unconscious, even if she woke up now, she couldn’t immediately treat them, it would take her a few days to get her health back and during that time, there were more children would die because of the illness. 
People prayed in front of her tent for her to wake quickly, while the Holy Knights restricted them from getting close to the tent. They couldn’t care less with the shifter. They were being civil with them because they were on the mission and the Serafim was here to help them. 
Therefore, they needed to suppress their disliked toward these creatures of half human and half beast. Despite that personal feeling, they tried their best to help too. 
Cedric sent some knights to look for the missing people, on the landslide. It would take them a while to get to the bottom of it, since it was very steep and deep. 
While Eron and the other had been down there for days when the Holy Knights came, bringing food for them. 
At this point, Eron had found seven of the royal warriors and five of their pack members, all of them were dead. 
The three warriors from their packs were crushed under the rock and their body couldn’t be retrieved, they recognized the shoes they were wearing and one of them, his face was still able to be recognixed. 
Two of the luna’s personal warriors died, Asher and Reed. Asher’s chest was crushed by a huge rock, while Reed died after being rescued, he was alive for a few hours, but because he sustained a lot of injuries, his healing ability couldn’t keep up. 
Kian and Zephyr were alive, the two of them were badly injured, but from the look of it, they would be able to survive, though it would take some time for them to get them out of there, because they were barely able to move. 
Meanwhile, Aliana, Haco, Joel and Celia were still missing. 
They didn’t have any idea where they were, since they had searched the whole area, where they found the other people, but there was no sign of them at all. 
The only reason it could happen was because... they were buried very deep under the rockslide, in that case, there was no way for them to retrieve their body, but if that was what happened, it was very certain that they were dead. 
It was impossible for them to survive such misfortune. 
"Should we continue?" Otis asked, he ate his food, but he didn’t seem to enjoy it at all. He ate because he needed more energy to deal with what was going on, not because he really wanted it. 
How could you eat in front of your dead friends? 
"Cedric said to go back, we need to move to the Riverside pack," one of the knights told them. "There will be more people, who came to retrieve the bodies. We will make a proper ceremony for the dead, but after that, we have to move and fortified ourselves within the Riverside pack." 
Otis and Dyne looked at Eron, so did Arlen and Deca, the two of them wanted to return to their pack badly, but they couldn’t make the decision on their own. 
Eron thought about it for a while. "Let’s look for one more day, after that, we will return." He saw how the knights groaned, dissatisfied with his decision. "There are still four of our pack members, who are missing and moreover, it’s not like you will start to move tomorrow, right? The Serafim is still not awake yet, isn’t she?" 
Eron was right, they were waiting for the Serafim’s condition to be stable first before they decided to move. 
"Very well." The knights didn’t have another choice, but to agree. 
With that, they ate in silence, taking a rest for a few minutes and started to search for the rest of their pack member with the help of the knights. 
And the result was still the same. They couldn’t find them... 
=========================== 
This was the first time for Iris to be in the Golden Light pack, or you could say this had become the Red Claw pack territory now, since they won the battle against them not so long ago. 
Iris opened the curtain and saw a row of people, who were waiting for them, among them, alpha Colter, Koda and Laluna were standing on the front, but her eyes fell on that woman first. 
Iris had not yet seen Laluna for a few months, but she looked like she lost a lot of weight, despite the fact she just gave birth. More so, why she was wearing something very revealing?! 
The scrunch between her brows let Cane knew there was something that his mate didn’t like. 
"What is it?" Cane asked, he cupped her face and kissed the furrow between her brows. "Something not to your liking?" 
"No, nothing," Iris said, but clearly there was something that bothered her, or else, she wouldn’t act so bothered like this. 
Cane glanced through the window and found what made his mate upset. 
"Come here." Cane pulled her close to him, let her sitting on his lap, as he secured her body in his arms. "You need to control your jealousy, Iris." His tone was soft, but firm. 
"I am not!" Iris answered too fast and too loud to make it more convincing, and she realized that too, she cleared her throat and softened her voice. "I am not jealous." 
"Being upset for unnecessary thing is not good for the baby," Cane said, as he peppered her face with small kisses, which made his mate happy. 
Iris giggled when Cane pecked on her lips continuously, teasing her, but then she squealed. 
"What is it?" Cane immediately stopped, his body went stiff, thinking he had hurt her somehow, his eyes darkened when he saw Iris hugged her stomach. "Are you in pain?" 
At that time, the carriage stopped and Ethan knocked on their door, letting them know that they had arrived and they needed to come out. 
However, Cane ignored it completely, his focus was on his mate. "What happened, Iris? Did I hurt you?" 
Iris shook her head, blinking her eyes in confusion and a moment later she breathed sharply. 
Cane had enough. He was going to go out to call for a healer when Iris stopped him. "Cane... I think, the baby just moved in my stomach..." 
Iris looked confused, because she had never experienced this before and she didn’t know what to feel, her heart thumped wildly as the emotions came flooding in. 
"The baby just moved, Cane. I think the baby kicked me." She didn’t have any idea, why she thought the baby was kicking her, but that was the first thing that came to her mind, it felt so natural. "Cane! The baby is moving!" 
Iris’s eyes lit up when it just registered in her mind what was happening. She was already mesmerized by seeing her bump alone and now, she could feel her baby was moving inside of her tummy. There was a life in there. The life of her child and Cane’s. 
"Cane! The baby is moving!" Iris beamed, as she repeated the same thing, she then took Cane’s hand and pressed it against her stomach to the part, where her baby was moving, creating a strange look on the surface of her stomach. Iris was wearing a thin dress, since she felt warm with Cane by her side. "Can you feel that?" 
Cane’s expression was unreadable, as he felt the nudge against his palm. It happened a few times before it stopped. 
"Cane, can you feel that?" 
Cane lifted his head to look at Iris and then nodded. "I did." He didn’t say much, but he hugged her tightly, not tight enough to hurt their baby, of course. "I did, I feel the baby." He buried his face against the crook of her neck, while forgetting about the fact there were many people waiting for them to come out of the carriage. 
Outside, alpha Colter, Koda, Lou, Laluna and the rest looked at each other, as they wait for the alpha and the luna to make an appearance. 
Because there was no sign they would come out, they fixed their eyes on the gamma of the pack, which made Ethan didn’t have another choice, but to knock again. 
"Alpha, I will open the door," he announced, because there was no response, praying they were not in the middle of it. 
***************** 
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
###Chapter 689: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (31)
Chapter 689: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (31)
Ethan thought he was already immune by what he would see, but as it turned out, he overestimated himself. He was not that immune and was still taken aback when he watched Cane and Iris were in the middle of their passionate kiss. 
How they could be this passionate when dozens of people were waiting for them outside?! Ethan couldn’t comprehend this. 
Cane was usually not easily aroused and from all people could see, Iris was not that amorous, but why whenever they were together, it seemed the two of them turned into someone else completely, as if they couldn’t put their hands away from each other. 
Especially now! How could Cane become so reckless? They didn’t even realize the gamma was watching them for a while? 
"Ehem! Uhuk!" Ethan cleared his throat and then coughed noisily to get the attention from the two of them. 
Only then Iris startled, she immediately tried to stand up from her position. Currently, she was straddling Cane, but he didn’t let her go, instead, he wrapped his arm around her waist and pushed her head against his chest, so she could hide her red face. 
Was that really necessary?! They had important thing out here! "Cane, the other have been waiting," Ethan said stiffly. 
"I will go out in a moment," Cane said casually, as if there was nothing happened, he was as calm as ever, but the gamma’s face already turned red, he scratched his head. 
"Okay." Fine. Took your time! We were only side characters in your story after all! 
It took Cane two minutes to finally come out from the carriage. He looked presentable, there was no trace of his lewd activity earlier. 
"Thank you for waiting, my mate is not feeling well after this long journey, I need to comfort her," Cane said smoothly, as if lying was his second language. 
Everyone there knew what happened inside the carriage, or they assumed so after they witnessed Ethan’s expression when he opened the carriage door, but of course, none of them would hold it against Cane, they had more important thing to talk about rather than dwelled in this matter. 
However, the same thing couldn’t be said to a certain merchant. Lou’s face turned ashen, more so when he didn’t have any chance to talk with Iris, explaining himself about the children. 
"Don’t worry, alpha, we understood luna Iris’s body is rather delicate, this long journey must have exhausted her," alpha Colter spoke wisely. 
With that excuse, Iris could skip having small talk with the rest of them and stayed inside the carriage, enjoying her time with her baby, talking to them, as they moved in her belly. 
Iris couldn’t stop giggling and grinning from ear to ear, because this feeling was very foreign for her, but she liked it a lot. 
Once she was escorted to her bedroom that she would share with her mate, Iris asked for Cane, but unfortunately the alpha and the rest would be having a meeting right away, so it might be later at night when Cane could come to her again. 
"Where is Ethan?" Iris asked the servant, who showed her to her bedroom. 
"Pardon me, luna. I am not sure, who is that?" she looked confused. 
"Oh, the gamma of my pack. He was walking behind alpha Cane before," Iris said excitedly, she wanted to show this to Ethan. She wanted to see his expression too. 
"I will look for him." 
"Tell him to come to me right away." 
The servant resigned herself and left the room, leaving Iris alone, as she observed her and Cane’s bedroom. She opened the curtain and felt bitter to see the dark sky again. When this dark sky disappeared and this strange black rain stopped? 
This was the only thing that dampened her mood. 
But, Iris was being cheerful again when she heard Ethan’s voice, as he knocked on the door. Iris rushed to open it and pulled him inside the bedroom. 
"Wow, Iris! What is it?" Ethan blinked his eyes, confused with the huge smile on her lips. 
Iris stretched out her hand with her palm was facing up, asking for his hand. "Your hand," she said excitedly. 
Ethan could see how she was in a good mood, but didn’t know what she wanted with his hand. "For what?" he asked, but at the same time, he gave her his hand, but he immediately pulled it back when he saw what she was going to do. "Iris! What are you doing?! Cane will kill me!" 
Ethan’s eyes widened in horror when Iris brought his hand to touch her body, but she clicked her tongue impatiently and pursed her lips. "Don’t think too much, what do you think I am going to do with you?" 
"That’s my question, what are you going to do with me?" Ethan took a step back. "Iris, I still want to live." 
Iris stomped her foot, annoyed. "The baby is moving, I want you to feel it!" she blurted out, upset because her surprise was ruined. 
"Really?" Ethan came closer and then gave her his hand. "Let me feel it!" 
"No need!" Iris swatted his hand away. "Don’t touch me, or I will tell Cane and he will kill you." She sulking now. 
"Owh, don’t be like that, Iris. We are like sibling, how can I have such thought? I was just joking, okay? Come here, come here, let me feel the baby!" Ethan tried to coax Iris now, as he followed behind her like a child, asking for a candy. 
"No, you tell me you didn’t want to feel it." 
Ethan widened his eyes in surprised. The gamma was being dramatic like usual right now. "When did I say that? I have never said anything so cruel like that." 
Iris turned around and glared at him. Ethan indeed didn’t say that he didn’t want to feel the baby, but sure enough it was the same for her when he rejected her offer earlier and had a bad idea about what she was going to do. 
Receiving Iris’s sharp glance, Ethan smiled at her innocently, acting very sweet toward her, but then her eyes widened, as she stared at something behind him. Her expression changed into shock. 
"What happened?" 
Out of instinct, Ethan turned around and found nothing that could make Iris’s expression changed very drastic. 
Iris actually gasped loudly and covered her mouth, as she started crying, which made Ethan became very panic, thinking she was in pain or something. 
"What is happening? Are you, okay? Are you hurt somewhere?" 
Yet, Iris kept crying inconsolably. 
============================== 
Darkness. 
That was the first thing that Haco saw when he opened his eyes and then something warmth laid on his chest. He tried to move it, but he didn’t have enough strength. Slowly, he lifted his head slightly and looked down to see Celia’s little body sprawled on top of him. 
He took a moment to remember, who was this little girl and what happened with them, but he couldn’t recall anything. 
His body was in pain, especially his back. He groaned when he moved his hand to shake this little girl’s body. She was still alive, as he saw her body moved slightly when she was breathing. 
Haco looked around, they were in the middle of nowhere, there were so many rocks and the rain was pouring down on them, made the ground muddy. It was cold and it reminded him of winter. 
The winter... 
There were a few flashes of memories that came to his mind, but he couldn’t remember, where he got that. His mind was clouded and when he closed his eyes, he let the darkness consumed her, as he forgot about everything one more time. 
============================== 
"Your plan didn’t go so well, but overall, it was as succeed. We managed to get the Golden Light pack. The next pack will be Moon Dew pack. How dare alpha Nolan betrayed us!" alpha Colter said with passion. 
He couldn’t wait to conquer more pack. The taste of the victory against the Golden Light pack was addictive. It would be a matter of time before they ruled this continent, after they took down the king and placed Vemion on his rightful position. 
"A lot of your people died because the reinforcement from the Holy kingdom came very late, as there was a landslide that cut their road." 
Koda then explained briefly of what had happened in the south, since the last report that Cane received was the attack. He didn’t know the result of it. 
But, aside from the strange illness because of the rain and the late arrival of the reinforcement because of the landslide, everything went according to Cane’s plan. 
Now, he needed to know, who had died during the battle. He would ask Ethan for the list of it. After some time they talked about the battle in the south, Koda finally brought up the main topic. 
"Alpha Cane, we really appreciate you if you allow your luna to look after the baby. The baby’s condition is very poor. If we lost the baby, we will lose the reason why everything came to this point." 
They saw the baby as a thing to justify their action to take down the current king, to raise a coup. 
However, if they really lost the baby, Cane was sure, they would find another one to replace him, since the seven days had passed and the baby was no longer had golden eyes. 
"I will ask my mate to look for the baby, but don’t let your hope gets too high," Cane said casually.
###Chapter 690: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (32)
Chapter 690: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (32)
How could Cane not know alpha Colter and Koda’s intention, they had been very adamant to meet with Iris to make her checked on the baby’s condition. They wanted her to cure the baby. They had been waiting for this opportunity for long and became very anxious when baby Vemion’s condition worsened. 
That was why, they were thrilled when they learned Iris would come as well, though they were a little bit confused of how Iris could be suddenly in the Black Market when the last report they received about her was; she was still in the Bloody Wolf pack. 
But, that was not a problem right now, since they she was already here, the baby would have a chance to survive. 
The curse was very cruel. It didn’t make the baby died immediately, but it gave the baby a very slow and painful death, giving them hope and then crushed it into pieces if they couldn’t manage to save the baby. 
Even now, they had started to think to concoct a backup plan and look for another baby with the same age as baby Vemion, in case the worse come to worst. 
"I hope the luna will be fine soon, I will let Laluna to come to your room tomorrow, so luna Iris will be more comfortable," Koda said. His statement sounded like he was having a lot of concern for Iris, but in truth, he only cared about his great grandson and it sounded very demanding, though he wrapped his words beautifully. 
"I will let you know if my mate is fit enough to meet with anyone." Of course, Cane was able to pick up the intention and felt the demand from Koda. The meeting wouldn’t be on Koda’s term, but it would be on his term, that was what he emphasized here. "Until then, I wish no one will bother her. Checking on your great grandson will be a crucial moment, I want her in her best condition, or else, we will not be able to bear the consequences, right?" 
Alpha Colter and Koda tried to appear calm and supportive, suppressing their annoyance, knowing what game Cane was playing. They should have learned how cunning this alpha was and how he couldn’t be easily told of to do something. 
"Yes, alpha, you are very right. We need the luna to be in her best condition." Alpha Colter nodded sagely. 
At the very least, they knew how to read the situation and forcing their own wish onto Cane was not even and option. This alpha was not someone, who would bend to their demand. 
However, before they could discuss more problem, suddenly the door was slammed opened and Ethan entered the room, he didn’t even knock first, as he made a beeline toward Cane with anguish on his expression. 
"Alpha, can I talk with you for a while?" Ethan asked. "Alone." He urged Cane to have a private conversation. 
Koda was about to reject the idea, but Cane had told them to go out of the room first. 
Seeing the urgency on the gamma’s face and didn’t want to get Cane’s bad side when he just arrived, the two of them left the room. 
"Let’s continue this discussion after dinner, you need to rest too, alpha..." Alpha Colter said and after that, Koda closed the door behind him. 
Meanwhile, Cane was still in the same position, as he watched his gamma became fidgety. Something big must have come up if Ethan acted this way and Cane prepared himself for the worst. 
"Cane, Iris..." Ethan barely mentioned Iris when Cane suddenly stood up, thinking something bad happened to his mate, but the gamma immediately stopped him. "No, no, Iris is fine. She is fine, but she saw..." Ethan gulped down with difficulty. "She saw Asher and Reed’s spirit... both of them had died." 
Cane narrowed his eyes, he was about to order Ethan to get the list of people, who didn’t survive the battle in the south, but now he learned two of Iris’s personal warriors had died. 
Cane didn’t have any idea how the dead spirit appeared before Iris and why only a certain people, who would show up to her, like Avid and the fallen warriors when they were in the Goffa’s mountain, Zale’s sister and now it was Asher and Reed, but why the other fallen warriors didn’t appear before her as well? 
"They are currently in between the border of Bloody Wolf pack and Riverside pack and I need to go!" Ethan said urgently, it almost looked like he was going to flee, once he got the permission." 
"There is nothing you can do even if you go back now." Cane was being rationale, more so, the road was very dangerous to go through right now with alpha Nolan and the royal warriors were still in the south and alpha Gallot still occupied Moon Dew pack. 
"No! I need to go now!" Ethan was very adamant, which was not like him at all. 
"What is it?" Cane asked. 
For a moment, Ethan was hesitated to speak, but then he blurted out. "Aliana... she is trapped under the rock and no one seems to be able to locate her. I need to go now." 
Asher and Reed gave Iris the information, they told her what happened and she was inconsolable after she ’sent’ them away. 
"Go to Lou, he should be fine by now." It had been a week since the last time he collapsed from overusing his power, he should be fine and could create the portal again by now. "If he refused, told him Iris was inconsolable after learning what happened to Aliana." 
If it was in different situation, Ethan must have chuckled by how Cane used Iris to overwork the merchant, but there was nothing could cast away the gloomy cloud from Ethan’s mind right now, as he nodded and then left the room to look for Lou. 
Meanwhile, Cane walked out of the room as well. He was going to see iris. Her emotions would be all over the places by now, not to mention how sensitive she was lately. 
Yet, before he could reach his bedroom, he met with Laluna, who came from the opposite direction. The woman lowered her head politely and timidly, while Cane walked past her without even gave any indication that he saw her. 
"Alpha Cane!" Laluna stopped Cane, she rushed ahead and actually blocked his path, which made Cane frowned at her. "Alpha Cane, I am very glad that you are here right now... and you look fine. I was worried something happened with you on your way here, since your arrival had been delayed for a few days." 
Cane nodded, as a gesture that he heard what she was saying, but said nothing, he stepped aside to avoid her. If only she was one of his warriors, he would have commanded her to stay away from him. However, he needed to keep it civil. 
"Alpha Cane!" Laluna stepped aside too to block his path again, which made Cane frowned. If only Laluna took a moment to notice this, she would know how upset Cane was, as his black eyes turned cold. "Alpha Cane, I still want to thank you for what you have done to me when we were in the palace, I have not yet had a chance to thank you formally after that event because you were very busy and also..." 
"Can you move aside?" Cane’s patient was running thin now. He wanted to reach his mate and console her, after what Ethan told him how sad she was right now, not to listen this gibberish nonsense from Laluna, more so, if by any chance Iris learned about him interacted with her, his mate could be upset and Cane didn’t want to upset her for something unimportant like this. "I need to go." 
Laluna was taken aback by how cold Cane was. She only wanted to have a small talk with him, but he rejected her even without having a second thought. 
"Oh..." Laluna lowered her head and Cane had to step aside to avoid her, this time, she didn’t block his way again, but after three steps, Laluna called him. "Alpha, do you know that your gamma is very suspicious?" 
Cane stopped walking and glanced at her over his shoulder. What now she was going to spit out? 
Seeing Cane was actually stopped walking away, Laluna immediately spoke, knowing this was her only chance. "The servant reported to me that your gamma entered your luna’s bedroom earlier and the two of them stayed inside for a while. Don’t you think it was very suspicious? It is not appropriate for the two of them to stay alone behind the close door, especially when you were not around." 
It was clear what Laluna was trying to imply by saying such thing and the look of worry on her expression couldn’t be more fake than this. 
Cane narrowed his eyes. "You spied on my mate and gamma?" His voice was calm, but you knew it was not a good thing for someone like Cane to be this calm upon hearing such confession. 
"No, that’s..." Laluna stuttered. "I will not dare. I will never do such thing. My servants just happened to be there when luna Iris pulled gamma Ethan inside her room with a big smile on her face." 
Well, to be honest, this was not the first time, Iris was being reckless, she must have forgotten Cane’s warning in the past because of how happy she was. 
"Don’t think too much, my gamma doesn’t like woman." 
"Huh?" Laluna’s jaw dropped.
###Chapter 691: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (33)
Chapter 691: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (33)
Despite how nonchalant Cane was, there was no way he didn’t know how Ethan’s feeling toward Aliana, it was crystal clear for anyone to see. 
And for the reason why Iris took Ethan inside the bedroom, it was very easy to guess, she must want the gamma to feel the movement of the baby, since she was very excited to have this experience. After her little bump, the movement of the baby must have solidified her status as a new mother, to really feel the new life inside of you grew was a happiness that one couldn’t describe into words. 
Even though Cane was not really thrilled with the image of his mate was being touched by another man, but it was only his possessiveness that was talking, it was completely absurd to think the two of them would step out of the line. 
Ethan was a brother figure that Iris didn’t have and it was safe to say the gamma saw her the same. It was also Ethan, who treated Iris nicely in the early day she became the luna of the pack. 
"I hope there will be no misunderstanding after this and it will be helpful if you are not spreading such trashy rumor." 
"I will not do that!" Laluna answered quickly. 
Cane nodded. "I believe you can handle the servants of yours, because if there is a negative rumor in the future about my mate and my gamma, I will not take it lightly. Any defamation to the luna will be punished with death sentence, I am sure you are familiar with that law." 
This must be the first time for Cane to talk in long sentence with Laluna, but the more he talked, the more scarry he became and once the alpha left, Laluna breathed greedily. She didn’t realize she had been holding back her breath. 
Cane went straight to the bedroom and find Iris was curling her body on the bed, crying. Carefully, he approached her, but when she felt the bed dipped because of his weight, Iris turned around and threw herself at him the moment she laid her eyes on him. 
Cane wrapped his arms around her body and eased her to sit on his lap, as she cradled him and buried her face against the crook of his shoulder, hugging his neck tightly. 
"Cane... they died... Asher and Reed died..." Iris cried her heart out. She was not particularly close with the two of them, but they spent time together a lot ever since they left from the Howling Wolf pack and they became her personal warriors. 
They couldn’t be said in a good term, but Iris could feel it when they started to warm up with her and slowly accepted her, though they had not yet apologized to her when they were alive, but they did apologize when their spirit came to her. 
They apologized for the way they treated her and how they wished they could have a longer time to protect her and meet the baby, unfortunately, they were not blessed with the opportunity... 
"Cane, I don’t want them to die... I don’t want them to die... can’t you stop the battle? So, no one will die?" Iris cried her heart out, her heart shattered to know very well this wouldn’t be the last for her to lose people she cared, someone close to her. 
And now, Aliana, Joel, Haco and Celia were in danger too, if they didn’t find them in time. 
Meanwhile, Cane could only offer some comfort to her, as he caressed her back gently and tried to ease her pain. 
He wanted this to end too, he had lost so many people, but the number would only increase by time, since the battle just started. 
=========================== 
"You are going to kill me..." Lou curled himself on the muddy ground, panting heavily. This time, he didn’t care about his red cloak and how he dirtied himself, he was barely able to lift his finger. He must be crazy to agree with the gamma to create this portal. 
He just recovered, but now his mana had depleted again. 
However, Ethan couldn’t care less with him, as he started to search for Aliana’s location. Iris said, Aliana and the other were buried under the rubbles of heavy rocks, but there was no exact location about where they were right now and from what Ethan learned, Aliana was injured badly after she fought two royal warriors. 
"Hey! Don’t leave me!" Lou growled, he watched Ethan disappeared from his sight. He couldn’t believe he actually helped this ungrateful shifter, who left him alone in this dark place... where he was? A dessert? The sky was so dark like usual and droplet of black rain cascaded down. "Huft! I really should have listened to Sabian for not getting myself involved with the alpha from the Howling Wolf pack." 
However, it was too late for Lou to regret that, more so, he couldn’t ignore the temptation to be close with his mate. 
"Will I die here? Those people from the Howling Wolf pack really toyed with me!" Lou grumbled. He turned his body and faced the gloomy sky and let the rain washed his body, until he heard a few steps came closer to him. 
"Are you the merchant?" One of them asked. 
"I think he is the man that gamma Ethan mentioned, he is wearing the red cloak," the other replied. 
Lou opened his eyes and saw the knights from the Holy Kingdom, he recognized them immediately because of the armor they were wearing. 
Fine. It seemed Ethan was not really ungrateful, he actually sent someone to fetch him. 
========================== 
It took a long time for Iris to finally calm down, the only comfort she got was because none of Aliana, Haco, Joel or Celia’s spirit came to her, which meant, they were still alive. 
However, because of that, Iris was dreading every second of it, she felt like her world would crumble the moment she saw one of them. 
"Ethan will find them," Cane said, as he cuddled his mate. He skipped dinner and asked the servants to bring food to the bedroom, he also told alpha Colter and Koda to postpone the meeting until tomorrow because Iris was sick and he needed to accompany her. "You need to eat." 
Iris shook her head. She didn’t feel like eating when she felt very unsettling with this situation. 
"If you don’t eat, you will starve the baby too," Cane said. This was the last resort. He didn’t want to blackmail her by using their baby, but right now Iris was not in the condition where she knew what was good for her. 
With that was being said, Iris sniffled and nodded. She had been crying for hours now, she wanted to stop feeling sad because she didn’t want to harm the baby, but she couldn’t and when she was not able to do so, she became upset again and cried even more. This was akin to a vicious circle, which she couldn’t stop. 
Cane help Iris to eat and coax her to eat more when she wanted to stop. 
"At least, finish your milk..." Cane kissed the tear that rolled down from her blue eyes. 
Pursing her lips, Iris gulped down her milk and hugged Cane again, looking for comfort. She straddled him and buried her face on the crook of his shoulder, this was a comfortable position for her. Feeling his mate’s warmth and how their hearts beat in the same rhythm. 
"Iris, can we talk about another thing?" Cane asked gently. 
He waited until she completely stopped crying and was a little bit calm down now. 
He knew she was still emotional, but there was nothing they could do and Ethan had gone to the Riverside pack with Lou, the gamma would do his best to find them. 
Worrying about it wouldn’t help at all, more so, they were here for a reason and Cane couldn’t postpone the plan because of this. There was another urgent matter that needed their attention. 
"Hm..." Iris nuzzled against his neck. 
"Is it possible for you to check on the baby?" Cane leaned his back against the headrest of the bed, while caressing Iris’s back, drew mindless circles and played with her hair. 
Iris was silence for a while, she knew the baby that Cane meant. "If I can heal him. I will heal him." Her voice hardened. 
Cane had asked her to not heal the baby, but now she was pregnant, she couldn’t imagine if she were in Laluna’s position and someone would toy with her child’s life. 
Iris lifted her head and stared at Cane with determination. "If I can heal the baby, I will heal him." She repeated what she said earlier. "I don’t know what is your plan with the baby, but I can’t live with the guilty feeling of not saving him." She didn’t want to have any discussion about this. 
But, to her surprised, Cane actually agreed with her. "Okay." He kissed the tip of her nose. "You look surprised," he stated." 
"You agreed?" This was a surprise for Iris because Cane did not usually change his plan easily, unless he had another plan in his mind. 
"With one condition." 
She had guessed it as much, but if Iris looked deeper into it, she would realize how much Cane had adjusted his plan to accommodate her. 
"What... is it?" Iris asked carefully, afraid to hear what he was going to say. 
"I don’t want you to cure the curse immediately. There is something I want from them. Something you want..."
###Chapter 692: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (34)
Chapter 692: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (34)
The next day, Iris agreed to see the baby, even though she was barely sleeping, she would wake up every hour and looked around her, as if she was looking for something, but also dreading to see it at the same time. 
Cane would be there to comfort her every time she woke up, which meant, he didn’t have any rest too. Yet, he was being extremely patient with her anxiety throughout the night. 
The next morning, if you could say so, since the sun still had not yet appeared in the sky and Iris started to wonder if they would eventually lose track in time, she woke up and felt horrible, her appearance also looked horrendous when she saw her reflection on the mirror. 
"I look awful..." Iris said, as Cane braided her hair to meet with alpha Colter and the other. This small thing that he did for her had become their peaceful moment, which was a rare thing to have, seeing their situation right now. 
"You look perfect, Iris," Cane said, as he gave her a kiss on her cheek and finished braiding her hair. There was no ornament to adorn her bride, but she was already beautiful in his eyes without any of those things. 
"Is there... any news?" she asked in small voice. 
"I will tell you right away if there is any news from the south." Cane helped her to stand up and took her hand. "Let’s go." 
Iris leaned against him, she felt her steps were so heavy when in actuality, it was her heart. She wanted to curl herself on the bed and do nothing, until she got the news that everyone was safe, that Aliana, Joel, Celia and Haco were fine. 
However, Cane was right, there was nothing they could do to help them there and here, they needed to do what they could. 
"We can postpone this if you are still not feeling well." Cane caressed her cheek when they walked in the corridor. Despite that was what he said, but he could see the determination in her eyes. She was going to go through this no matter what and he was right about that. 
Iris shook her head. "You said it, time is the essence." She didn’t want to waste her time. More people could die if she kept worrying something that she couldn’t control. At the very least, she understood what Cane meant when he said they must do whatever they could do and worrying about what they couldn’t control, later. 
"You learn so well," Cane said, there was a tinge of proudness in his voice, as he put his arm around her waist and opened the door to the nursery room, where baby Vemion was currently sleeping. 
Inside the room, alpha Colter, Koda and Laluna had been waiting for them. 
"Luna Iris!" Laluna immediately greeted Iris warmly, she approached her and was about to hug her, but Iris gave her a small curtsy, which made her held herself back, because she clearly drew a line there. 
"Princess Laluna," Iris said. Her mind was a wreck now and the last thing she wanted was to be touched by people she didn’t like and Laluna was on the list. 
Laluna was taken aback, but then she regained her composure quickly and adjusted herself very well after Iris’s subtle rejection. "I am glad to see you here, are you okay now? Alpha Cane told me that you were sick." 
The way she put it, as if Cane had told her personally, making it sounded more... intimate and Iris was sick of it. 
"Yes, I am sick, I am very sick," Iris said, there was a layer of coldness in her voice, which Cane managed to pick up. He caressed her back to ease her anger, because if these morons knew what she was capable of doing, they wouldn’t even think to provoke her at all. "That’s why, can I see the baby now?" 
Iris had enough with these shameless women. From Aria, Nala to Sofia and now it was Laluna. Not to mention Aria apparently comeback from her death and became a thorn in her flesh and a problem in the future, since whatever or whoever that brought her back from the afterlife, wouldn’t be a good news. 
And now, Laluna tried to insert herself as well. 
Why these women were eyeing her man? Why they couldn’t find another man? Why they wanted what belonged to hers? 
It was a great effort for Iris not to surrender to a temptation to squeeze her wolf spirit and the way Cane touched her helped her a lot to keep her mind clear. 
"Oh, I heard that you are able to hear now!" Laluna looked excited. "Is that true? You can hear me now? you don’t need to read other people’s lips to know what they are saying?" 
"Yes," Iris replied curtly and her voice hurt her ears. 
"Laluna, let’s not to waste our time and luna Iris’s energy with small talk," Koda said wisely, reading the situation so well. The luna was mad and they couldn’t afford it when they needed her help. 
"Oh, right." Laluna nodded. She went to the crib and pick up her baby. The baby was very small, swaddled in a tight blanket. He must be almost one year old now. 
Iris’s heart shattered when she saw the baby, pursing his lips that had turned dark and curled his little fingers, his face was pale, as if there was no more blood in his veins. The baby was breathing heavily, as if it could be his last moment. 
It was so cruel, the curse was very cruel to torture an innocent baby in such way. At this point, death was a mercy. 
Cane held Iris’s hand and squeezed it gently, reminded her of their aim and she couldn’t falter now. 
"Sometime, the baby will be in so much pain and didn’t stop crying and sometime, he would have nosebleed and panted heavily. The baby is barely sleeping, unless he is very exhausted." Laluna caressed her son’s cheek. "Just a few hours ago, he has an episode and now, he is sleeping because too tired of crying."
Iris gritted her teeth, as she let go of Cane’s hand and stretched out her hand, asking for the baby and Laluna handed baby Vemion over. 
She was not so great of holding a baby, but Cane had taught her when she took care of the baby from the orphanage that he saved. Now, she wondered if the baby survived. At the same time, Iris thought of her own baby too and her heart ached so bad, as if there was this invisible hand that squeezed her heart so tight when she fixed her eyes on the baby. 
For a long while, Iris didn’t say anything, she only stared at the baby and felt the warmth from his little body. The way he was breathing and how painful it was. 
"So... how is it, luna Iris?" Alpha Colter asked carefully, as he came closer to see if the curse on the baby miraculously disappeared, but baby Vemion still looked the same. There was nothing change. This made all of them frowned. 
Was she able to lift the curse? 
Iris stared at the baby for a few more second, her expression was unreadable and for the nth times, Cane was curious of what she was thinking, because there was a moment like this, when he couldn’t even figure out what was going through his mate’s mind. 
And after another two minutes passed, Iris handed back the baby to Laluna. 
"Can you lift the curse?" Koda asked, he was being impatient now Iris had put them in tension. She could just blurt out the answer, but why she put them in unnecessary suspense? 
"I can," Iris said curtly, she lifted her head and met with Koda and alpha Colter’s eyes and all she could see was greediness. 
Their eyes lit up, beaming in happiness like a child was given a lot of candies, they started to sing their praise on her, until Iris spoke again. 
"But, there is something I want." Iris kept her face straight, her eyes didn’t betray her when they tried to figure out what she aimed. 
"Sure, luna Iris. What do you want?" alpha Colter, but he tried to hide his annoyance under his smile. "We will give you what you want, as long as you can save the future king, we will be in your debt." 
The last statement was a bullshit, they were that kind of people, who always forgot their debt. 
"I want the diamond white tiger," Iris said bluntly. "I saw the diamond white tiger when you saved him from Alan’s secret underground room and has been very interesting with the creature. It said, his tears can turn into diamond." 
Alpha Colter and Koda were stiffened. The diamond white tiger was their precious possession, it was a pain in the ass when they could take the creature back to their pack and now Iris wanted it. 
"If diamond that you want, I will give you all the diamond that we have," alpha Colter tried to haggle his way. 
"What kind of diamond you want?" 
"I have stated what I want, I don’t want anything else," Iris said impatiently. She was about to turn around when alpha Koda tried to hold her hand, but stopped himself when he caught the sight of Cane’s eyes. 
Seeing how they couldn’t persuade Iris, they turned to Cane and it was Laluna, who tried her luck first by talking to the alpha in her pitiful voice.
###Chapter 693: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (35)
Chapter 693: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (35)
"Alpha Cane, please tell luna Iris, we will give all the diamond and gold that we have, as long as she is willing to help my baby, please, save my baby’s life. I have lost Vemion, I don’t want to lose our baby too." And tear started rolling down her cheek. 
Iris wondered if Laluna knew that Cane’s original plan was to let the baby died, would she start vomiting blood? For her to think Cane was that generous, this woman was really blind. 
"She can hear you now, you don’t need to talk to me, you can talk directly to her." With that was being said, Cane made it clear that the last decision was on Iris’s hand. 
"Alpha Cane, maybe you can give some understanding to luna Iris about the importance of this situation," alpha Colter chimed in, he still directed his words toward Cane, instead of Iris. This stubborn old hag was irksome. 
There was an awkward silence that fell after what alpha Colter said and Koda cleared his throat to ease the tension. 
"Luna Iris," he called for Iris, not making the same mistake that alpha Colter and Laluna did. "The white diamond tiger is our precious possession, we can’t just give it away. We just lost it as someone stole it and just got it back from Alan. We hope you understand that we can’t give you the creature." 
Iris scrunched her nose. "I think your great grandson is not as precious as the white diamond tiger if you don’t want to give it up at all. As it turns out, your precious great grandson, the future king of this continent, is not as important as the rare creature." Iris smiled sarcastically. "Not as important as your flesh and blood, apparently. Not even for the whole plan." 
Iris let her anger got the best of her when she replied to Koda and Cane had to remind her to control her emotions. In this game, you couldn’t show your emotions blatantly or else, people would be able to see through you and Iris wouldn’t get the diamond white tiger if they knew she wanted him not for the diamond but out of pity. 
Kindness was Iris’s strength, but it was also her weakness. 
Meanwhile, the three of them were stunned when Iris put it in that way, it made them looked so bad. After all, the way Iris made comparison between the future king of the kingdom and the white diamond tiger, portrayed them as a cheap and low people. 
"I have told you long time ago, my luna has a specific taste." Cane reminded Koda again about their conversation months ago, when he asked for the white diamond tiger and they refused to give it to him. 
Well, you could say, Cane would get what he wanted in one way or another... 
Iris leaned her head against Cane’s arm, as she closed her eyes. "I am tired, let’s go back and lay down with me." Iris didn’t think she could keep up with her fa?ade for any longer, there was this rage within her heart that was beyond her control. 
If she stayed a little bit longer here, it would end up with her gave away her true intention or killed their wolf spirits, neither options would help with Cane’s plan. 
"Let’s go back, I am tired. They don’t even want to give me that white diamond tiger." Iris sulked, she pursed her lips and urged Cane to leave. 
Her action was unacceptable. If it was their women, Iris would have been beaten up for acting like this. A woman must do what their man said. 
Yet, Cane caressed her cheek and then took her hand. "Let’s go," he said gently. 
This was the kind of gentleness that left Laluna bewildered of how such brute and cold person like Cane could display such gentleness to a woman? Even Vemion, who was known as a decent prince, who had never raised his voice, had never showed so much affection toward her. 
Vemion treated her well, but it didn’t mean he didn’t sleep with another woman. Laluna thought, she was lucky, because if you compared Vemion with other male in royal family, he was like an angel, but then she saw the way Cane looked at Iris and how he treated her, Even Vemion in his most affectionate moment, wouldn’t look at her like the way Cane looked at Iris. 
"What we should do now?" Alpha Colter was clearly annoyed. 
"Do we have any other options?" Koda clicked his tongue. 
On the other hand, once Iris and Cane returned to the safety of their bedroom, Iris immediately turned around and hugged him. She caught Cane off guard, as his back hit the closed door. 
Iris buried her face against Cane’s chest, her shoulders were trembling. She was upset and sad at the same time and countless emotions that she couldn’t describe, ran through her mind. 
"You have done a good job, Iris," Cane praised her, as he patted her head and let her to cry until she felt a little bit better. 
Cane had told her that this road would be very hard, it was not an easy path that he chose, but truly, this was very difficult for Iris. 
"I don’t want the baby to die..." Iris said between her tears. 
"They will give up soon, we only need to wait." Cane kissed the top of her head. "Good job, Iris." 
Iris didn’t think she had done a good job, but she appreciated the comfort that her mate offered. She was really tired and wanted to sleep... 
=============================== 
Laluna sighed when Koda pulled away from her, after he finished inside of her like usual. She immediately wrapped herself with blanket to cover her nakedness, even though a moment earlier they were in the throes of passion with not a single thread between them. 
However, once it was done, the shame and humiliation rushed in her veins, she hated herself to end up in this kind of situation with Koda. Yet, she couldn’t stop it, it just happened and it became a thing between them. 
"Are you going to hand over the white diamond tiger?" Laluna asked, she averted her gaze from Koda’s lustful eyes, who eyed her body, as if he wanted to devour her again. 
Unfortunately, or rather fortunately for Laluna, Koda and alpha Colter needed to go to meet with Cane and Iris, as they didn’t have other option, but to hand over the white diamond tiger to the luna, which pissed them off. 
It was kind of an insult for them to bend down to a woman’s wish. If it was what Cane wanted, they wouldn’t feel this humiliated. 
"Yes, after the dinner." Koda clicked his tongue and put on his clothes. 
Koda came toward Laluna and put her in his lap, as he kissed her lips down to her neck and lay her down again. He couldn’t take his hands off her and even though they wouldn’t have time to go all the way down, he still could touch her, every inch of her skin... 
Once Koda was done with Laluna and it was time for him to leave, he tidied himself and left the room, while Laluna stared at the ceiling with emotionless expression. 
========================== 
Haco was in and out of his consciousness, but this time, his mind was lucid enough to understand his predicament, as he looked around him and fixed his eyes on Celia, who was still laying on his chest. Blood was oozing out from her mouth and nose, but she was still breathing even though it was very faint. 
"Haco... wake up..." 
Haco groaned. The voice kept calling his name, but it was very dark and he couldn’t figure out, whose voice was that. 
"Haco... wake up... please, wake up. We will die..." 
They were going to die? 
Based on their current situation seemed like it was something that would happen. 
Haco groaned, he tried to move Celia’s body from his chest gently, the little girl’s body was burning, she was still alive, but barely. Her illness must have worsened with their situation right now. 
"Who... is that?" Haco breathed raggedly and he could hear a sigh of relief because he finally responded. "Where... are you?" 
Haco checked on Celia, but there was nothing he could do with her condition, his magic was not suitable to handle her plight. 
"Here... follow my voice, Haco..." 
Haco groaned when he moved his body, he was a little bit hesitated when he had to leave Celia, but he didn’t have strength to carry her. This place was suffocating. 
"Come here, Haco..." 
Haco finally could distinguish the sound and follow it, his eyesight was so bad, so in this darkness he couldn’t see anything, but Joel could. He could see his figure was approaching him, as he kept directing the old sorcerer. 
"I am glad you are fine..." Joel said in small, exhausted voice. "What about Celia?" 
Haco narrowed his brows. "She is fine... how do you know her?" 
This was the worst timing for Haco to have his episode. 
"Haco, please, you need to get us out of here..." Joel said. "Aliana lost so much blood, she will not make it if we don’t get her a healer, this place is suffocating, we are under the rubbles of rock." 
Somehow, in the last second, Haco managed to create a protection around them, but it didn’t prevent them from being buried underneath. 
"You can feel it right? There is no air current here, it is suffocating..." Joel said hastily.
###Chapter 694: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (36)
Chapter 694: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (36)
"How can I get out of here?" Haco looked around him, he was having a headache. 
"You can protect us, Haco, I am sure you can do something to get us out of here by using your magic." Joel groaned when the pain on his shoulders were almost unbearable. 
"Magic?" Haco stared at his hands. "I am a magic user?" 
"Yes, yes, you are Haco." Joel was sure, his right shoulder was dislocated because he covered Aliana’s body with his when they fell down. "Haco, listen to me, you need to concentrate. You need to get us out of here, or else, all of us will die, including you." 
Haco frowned even deeper. "But, how?" He hit his head, trying to think, but there was nothing coming to his mind. Seeing that, Joel asked him to stop hurting himself. "Why don’t you the one, who looked for a way out of here?" 
"I can’t move my arms, Haco. I don’t have the power to do so, but you can. You are a sorcerer. The best one!" Joel cheered him, because that was what Haco always said, he praised himself a lot to be a great sorcerer. 
Well, indeed he was, if his mind was lucid enough. 
"I think you keep your magic stone around your ankle, check it, Haco." Joel breathed raggedly. His best shot was this sorcerer, but it was hard when Haco had his own battle against himself. 
Aliana was currently unconscious, but she lost a lot of blood, her life was in danger if her healing ability couldn’t keep up and they couldn’t get a healer for her. 
"Please, Haco... try..." Joel said desperately. "We need to get Celia to the Serafim too, she is sick. The Serafim needs to cure her." 
"Celia...?" Haco remembered his promised to Celia’s brother that he would protect the little girl. 
============================== 
Iris’s stomach churned, it seemed her baby also didn’t like to be in this situation, she didn’t have an appetite to eat, but Cane kept coaxing her to swallow something. 
Currently, they were in the pergola near the lake, enjoying their dinner with the four of them with a few servants stood on the side. 
"I don’t believe it, for such a brute pack, Golden Light pack has this beautiful place. They know how to make things look beautiful." Koda smirked, he looked so proud of himself for being able to subdue this pack, even though they wouldn’t make it if it was not for Clan’s plan. 
"What about the children that came with us?" Iris asked, she was well aware that her question had ruined the atmosphere when Koda and alpha Colter wanted to brag about how they won the battle against the Golden Light pack. 
For Iris, there was nothing to be bragged about when they were only a puppet in her mate’s palms. 
Alpha Colter and Koda didn’t like their story to be interrupted when they were talking about the victorious moment they managed to take down the second attempt of Golden Light pack’s warriors to take back their pack. 
However, the annoying part was; they couldn’t rebuke Iris for that, since they couldn’t afford to be on Cane’s bad side. 
They couldn’t beat a dog without knowing its master, right? 
"Don’t worry, luna Iris. We have prepared the south pack house for them, they are well taken care of. Sir Lou’s people will look after them," alpha Colter replied. 
Iris didn’t believe with Lou’s men, she would check those children on her own, but obviously not now, because this time, there was more urgent matter at hand. More so, she wouldn’t talk to Lou, because this method was way more effective to torture him than her being angry and scolding him. Cane suggested this actually... and this was the easiest way for her too. 
"What about the pack member of the Golden Light pack?" Iris asked when alpha Colter wanted to change the topic and focus on their achievement. 
What achievement? All they had achieved was thanked to her mate and they shamelessly claimed it! The audacity of these people... 
Somehow, with how bad her mood was and their current situation, Iris became easily angry. She hated these people and this hatred gnawed in her heart like a venom that spread through her veins. 
"They will make good slave. We have tried to make contact with Karam people to sell some of them to work in their continent." Alpha Colter explained his plan without having any guilty feeling, since this was a normal thing for the pack member of a fallen pack to be slave for the victor pack. Cane’s pack was the example.
Cane himself put some pack member of the Blue Moon pack into slavery, though he didn’t do the same with the other innocent pack member, but this tradition was hard to be erased completely. They had accustomed to this, more so, there was not yet a suitable term of how to treat the member of the fallen pack. 
"You need to eat more," Cane said, as he put a piece of meat into Iris’s mouth gently, this was also a reminder that she became too emotional. 
Lowering her head, so she didn’t need to see the people in front of her, which only pumped her anger, Iris munched on her meat diligently. 
"You are very lucky, luna Iris, you have an affectionate mate," Laluna spoke softly, she was staring at Cane a little bit longer for Iris liking. "It must be nice to have a mate, who is very caring with you." 
Iris raised her head and smiled sweetly at Laluna, but then, she pecked on Cane’s lips and grinned. "I am blessed!" she said cheerfully. 
Cane was utterly speechless to see how Iris’s mood changed in a heartbeat. This was not the first time for him to witness this, but it still amazed him. 
"You are my blessing." Cane played along with her. He kissed her cheek too as a response. 
After such affectionate moment, the atmosphere turned awkward for the other three people in the table, while Iris munched her meat more happily. 
"Where is the white diamond tiger?" Cane finally broke the silence. He was done eating, so did Iris. Now, they wanted to leave the table and be done with them for tonight as soon as possible. 
Alpha Colter waved his hand and one of the warriors nearby immediately rushed away, he returned with the other four warriors, carrying a huge cage that was covered by black clothes. 
Iris’s expression turned dour again when she saw this. She didn’t need to be a genius to guess, who was inside the cage. They treated the little white diamond tiger like he was nothing, but a stray dog. 
"I hope you can treat Vemion as soon as possible," Koda said in light tone, as the warriors put down the cage and Iris could hear a whimper from inside. 
It was already more than half a year now since the last time Iris saw the white diamond tiger in Alan’s secret underground room, where he tortured his victims. She didn’t know how bad the condition of this white diamond tiger, whether he was treated nicely or not. 
"Open the cover," Iris said, she stood up, but the warriors didn’t take her order, thus she turned her head to look at alpha Colter right in his eyes. "I need to see whether the condition of the diamond white tiger is worth my effort or not." 
Alpha Colter had this sweet smile on his lips, but his thought was not as sweet as he appeared. "Open the cover," he ordered his warrior. 
And to Iris relief, the diamond white tiger looked fine. At the very least, he was not bleeding like or sustained any serious injuries from her quick observation, only scared and was very malnourished. 
"Is it to your liking, luna?" Koda asked, but his question sounded like a mock. 
Iris directed her eyes on him now. "Not really." She shrugged her shoulders. "I don’t know that you are so cheap to your precious creature that you don’t feed him enough. He is too skinny." 
"That’s because he has not yet grown up. He is still a child," Koda replied. 
Iris raised her brows and didn’t engage in conversation with him again, instead, she turned to Cane. "Let’s feed him until he becomes fat!" 
With that, the cage with the white diamond tiger was brought to the room next Cane and Iris’s bedroom. 
Iris wanted the white diamond tiger to be unchained, but they didn’t agree, because he could escape and it would be a troublesome for them. 
With that, Iris had to stop complaining, until the white diamond tiger was completely in her hand and she could do whatever with the poor creature. 
"Your baby will be cured tomorrow, what else do you want?" alpha Colter asked when he was about to return to his bedroom after such a long and draining dinner with Cane and Iris, but Laluna stopped him. 
There was no one else, aside from the two of them and the four warriors in the corridors. 
"I have an idea," Laluna said. She had been thinking about this for a while now. "I hope you can reconsider this." 
Alpha Colter frowned. They were not that close to share an idea. "Speak." 
Laluna took a deep breath. "Let alpha Cane to take me as his mate, so he will be Vemion’s regent instead of Koda." Laluna approached alpha Colter closer. "Even until now, Iris has not yet pregnant and he has not yet taken any mistress, with him taking me as his mate, we can solidify our union."
###Chapter 695: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (37)
Chapter 695: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (37)
Alpha Colter raised his brows when he heard that. He crossed his arms in front of his chest, as if telling Laluna to keep talking. 
Seeing this gesture, Laluna became a little bit more confidence to elaborate what she meant with her suggestion. 
"Do you really think Koda will still see you as the alpha once he is sitting on the throne?" Laluna hated and disgusted with herself for letting things went too far with Koda. The thing between them just happened and every time he touched her, she felt very gross, but then she had no one, she was not born into a high status family, therefore, she couldn’t ask for help to them. 
The only one she had was her sick baby, in which couldn’t do anything to protect her. 
"Alpha Colter, you need to see how Koda has been acting. He has been your beta for so long and when alpha Dristan died, you took him again as your beta when you reclaimed your position, but do you really believe once he is king, he will still be loyal to you? Do you really want to bend your knees to your former beta?" Laluna halted for a while, she was trying to gauge alpha Colter’s reaction and then continued. "I can’t say that you have treated him the best." 
Every man had their own greediness and it became a few more folds when you were an alpha, someone with power. The moment you tasted power and experienced what power could offer to you, you would want more and there was no satisfaction in it. 
For a moment, alpha Colter didn’t say anything and Laluna was exceptionally patient with him, waiting for his answer, this was already a good sign that he didn’t reject her idea right away. 
"Alpha Colter, just like you can see, how dedicated alpha Cane to help us out of this misery. How he planned everything for you to get your victory." Laluna slightly raised her voice when alpha Colter wanted to cut her words. "Koda has told me everything. The plan that alpha Cane suggested about the people from the Holy Kingdom to the victory you can get from winning over the Golden Light pack." 
"Koda told you everything?" alpha Colter was skeptical. 
"Yes. Actually, it is pretty easy to make him speak." There was a tacit understanding between the two of them about what had transpired between Laluna and Koda, and it didn’t surprised alpha Colter, as if this taboo was a common thing now. "But, with alpha Cane..." There was this little smile on the corner of Laluna’s lips when she talked about him. "He is a righteous person, someone, who wanted to make a great change for the continent and more so, compared to my baby, he has all the right to be the king if you saw his bloodline. His mother was the real princess from the queen." 
Alpha Colter scoffed. "Woman, do you want me to betray my beta?" 
"I didn’t say that," Laluna spoke very gently, she knew this accusation would come and she was ready with an answer. "But, the baby is very weak, who can say he can survive even after Iris cured him? Who can guarantee there is no side effect? After all, we are talking about black magic and do you really want to put your bet on such uncertainty? But, with alpha Cane, he is alive and capable of doing a lot of things. The south belongs to him and he knows what to do with the Holy Kingdom." 
"What benefit I can get if he became the king?" Alpha Colter weighed his option now and it was already enough for Laluna to intrigue his greediness. 
"Convince him to take me as his mate and you can adopt me as your daughter." Laluna lifted her chin slightly. "Isn’t it better to be a father of the queen than a mere alpha from the west, who bowed down to his former beta?" 
"You are talking as if you don’t care about whether if the baby is alive or not." 
"Do you really care about the baby?" Laluna threw back the same question, which the answer was very obvious. "The baby can die from a lot of reason and complication after black magic, do you really want to risk that? What if one day we lost the baby? Koda as a regent will not have a strong footing to keep his position, but alpha Cane is different story." 
============================== 
"Under the rock, near Charmen flower. Under the rock, near Charmen flower. Under the rock, near..." Haco stopped walking. He stared blankly at the ground. "Near..." He furrowed his brows very tightly trying to remember. "Charmen flower... near Charmen flower..." 
He managed to make a hole and got out from under the rabbles of rock, but the other three were still inside, though the air current was not a problem, but the little space that Haco had created was not stable. A little jolt could make the rocks collapsed. 
"Under... under..." Haco fell to his knees, he needed to remember their location and look for help, but it was a challenge for himself with his messed up when his memories failed him again and again. "Under... under..." He hit his head so hard, as if it could help him to remember what he must not forget. 
Haco growled and hit his fist against the ground. He remembered about Celia, because the little girl was the core of his memories, his promise to her brother. 
"Under... the rock, near... Charmen flower. Howling Wolf pack warrior... look for Howling Wolf pack warrior." Haco was trembling, he could feel it, his memories slipped away from him. 
Haco didn’t think he still had this memory intact when he finally met with one of the warriors, or managed to find help for them. He needed to find another way. 
Not too far from him, he saw sharp stone and without a second thought, he grabbed it. He needed to do it fast, before he completely forgot about it... 
============================= 
The next day, Cane was woken up when he felt Iris wriggled away from his arms, though she did it very quietly and carefully, but she still ended up waking him up. 
"Where are you going?" Cane still had his eyes closed, but he pulled Iris closer, until he kissed her nape. Outside, they could hear the pitter patter of rain. 
"Sleep again, Cane. I will only see the diamond white tiger," Iris said softly. She had trouble to sleep, because she wanted to check on the white tiger first, but Cane was adamant for her to rest first, while Dean and Pax would look after the creature. 
No matter what, the diamond white tiger was a shifter and he didn’t know how much his beast’s instinct controlled him. Iris could be hurt if she recklessly approached the little beast. 
"No," Cane said, as he flipped her body and started to kiss her lips. "You wake me up," he said hoarsely and nibbled on her lips sleepily. 
His kiss was always addictive for Iris, especially with a lot of things that happened and how thick the tension was. Iris was still worried about Aliana and the other, but no news was a good news, right? More so, she didn’t see their spirit, which was the thing she dreaded the most. 
Therefore, Cane’s touch ignited the flame inside of her, this was not something that Iris could refuse. She let him hovered above her and pressed their body together, leaving no space, as they shared their warmth and their hearts beat as one.
"Ah," Iris squealed and Cane immediately pulled away from him, sobered up. 
"What happened?" His sleepiness immediately evaporated into thin air, his eyes alerted. "Are you hurt?" 
Seeing the panic in Cane’s eyes, Iris chuckled. "I think our child protested because you didn’t give space for the baby to move." 
It slipped from his mind and he became recklessly because of how much he wanted to be close with his mate. 
Cane smiled and lowered his body, he kissed her stomach, peppering small kissed across her belly. "I am sorry..." he said gently and there was a nudge as a reply, which made Cane chuckled. "Don’t you think the baby is very active?" He put his palm on top of her bump, which now had grown a little bit bigger. It would be hard to conceal her pregnancy for long now. 
"I think the baby is excited," Iris chuckled, because it was ticklish when Cane drew circles with his finger when the baby nudged from inside. 
"Because I am going to greet the baby?" Cane glanced suggestively at Iris, which made her face turned bright red. 
"Cane!" Iris hissed. "It sounded so pervert!" 
Cane hovered above her again, nibbling on her neck now, but this time, he was careful not to press his body against her. "It’s in your mind, Iris. I didn’t say anything remotely lewd." 
Iris couldn’t say anything, as she mewled in his arms when he touched her. The rain was still pouring down from the gloomy clouds and the sky was as dark as usual, but inside this room, there was something else that burned aside from the fire from the fireplace, as the alpha and the luna threw themselves into throes of passion. 
Their skin glistened with sweat and love. 
"No... I feel uncomfortable... in this position..." Iris whimpered when Cane tried to enter her, knowing what she wanted, the alpha flipped their body and let her sat on top of him. 
"Better?" 
"Hm..."
###Chapter 696: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (38)
Chapter 696: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (38)
"We can’t release him, luna," Pax said. "He is... a little bit wild than we expected." 
Dean and Pax had been clawed a few times bey this white diamond tiger when they tried to approach him, his body would be tensed up and his eyes filled with dread every time one of them came closer. 
That was why, they couldn’t put him out of the cage, neither they could unchain him. 
This was what Cane had predicted. As shifter, you would have this animal instinct and if you lived to survive, your animal instinct would be more profound than your human side. That was what happened with this white diamond tiger. 
"I have tried to talk to him, but I don’t think he listen." Dean tilted his head. "I am not sure if he understood." 
He understood. Iris knew he understood. But, his condition was worst than the last time she saw him. It seemed, his fear had turned into anger and his instinct to protect himself had turned him became more of a beast than human. 
As shifter, you should balance your beast side and human side. If the scale tipped to your human side more, you would be a weak shifter or even a runt, but it was the other way around, you wouldn’t be different from the savage. 
"Let him be a little bit more comfortable, he will come around eventually," Cane said when he saw the look of disappointment on Iris’s face. 
"He understood you." Iris could see his beast spirit. It filled with anger. "But, he is scare." 
Dean frowned. "But, it looks like he is angry with me." 
"Sometime, anger is different form of fear," Iris said in small voice, as if she was talking to herself, while Dean and Pax looked at each other, didn’t understand what Iris was talking about, for them anger was anger and fear was fear. 
However, emotions and feelings were too complicated to be described into a simple word. 
Because there was nothing much, they could do to the white diamond tiger with this limited time, Iris planned to see him again after she cured the baby. She was anxious and felt guilty because she let him suffered a little bit longer. She prayed his condition wouldn’t get worse. 
When Iris and Cane entered the nursery room, it was the same people, who had been waiting for them there. 
"Please, luna Iris." Laluna handed over her baby to Iris’s arms and then took a step back, as she watched closely how this runt could lift the curse that was not even the Serafim could do it. 
And for the first time, they witnessed what Iris could do. A runt daughter from alpha Gerald, who couldn’t do anything and was ashamed for her own father and pack, but right now, she could do something that even the supposed to be strongest person in the Holy Kingdom couldn’t. 
Bright light exuded from Iris’s body, as it shattered into tiny lights that floated around her, wrapped the baby in her arms like blanket and seeped into him. 
The sight of it was simply mesmerizing. The bright light didn’t hurt your eyes, instead it drew in your attention and made you saw your surroundings clearer, as if all this time there was this thin fog that clouded your vision and now the fog was lifted up. 
Meanwhile, the baby squealed and stretched his little body in his swaddle, pursing his lips, but he didn’t wake up, neither he cried, if anything he seemed to sleep more comfortably against Iris’s chest, clutching the front of her dress in tight grip, snuggling against her, looking for more warmth. 
Iris smiled to see the baby and his little wolf spirit that curled around her ankle. Gradually, the light faded away and the only thing that illuminated this room was the flame in the fireplace and the luminous pearls. 
"He will be fine," Iris said, she approached Laluna to hand her baby to her. 
The three of them snapped from their reverie when they heard Iris’s voice that sounded like a melody, they were still stunned from what they had witnessed and was unable to say a word. 
They had witnessed how the Serafim tried to cure the baby, but she only ended up easing the pain, yet the light from the Serafim was not as bright as what Iris had displayed. 
How she could do that? 
"Ah..." Laluna stretched out her hand to get her baby back, but the little one clutched on the front of Iris’s dress tightly. 
"Baby’s grip is strangely very strong," Iris muttered to herself, trying to pry his little fingers from her dress, unaware of the look that these people gave to her. 
Meanwhile, his mate stared at her with a rare gentleness in his eyes... 
======================== 
"Gamma Ethan! Here!" one of the warriors shouted, while the other rushed toward him. 
There were a few beasts and all of them shifted into their human form once they saw the old sorcerer. "Haco! It’s Haco!" 
It didn’t take long for the brown beast to come to this commotion and shift back. His brown eyes fixed on Haco and immediately approached him. 
"Haco!" Ethan knelt down beside the old sorcerer, who looked very messy. There were scratches on his face and arm. "Healer! Where is the healer!? Grace!" 
"I am here, I am here!" Grace approached Haco and immediately checked on him. 
From the look of it, the old sorcerer seemed to have walked so far. It was the third day since Ethan appeared in the border of the Riverside pack and he didn’t stop to look for Aliana and the other, even though all of them had started to be pessimistic of their survival. 
However, Ethan was adamant. He wouldn’t stop until he found them. Until he found her, death or alive... 
Lou staggered behind them. He was not happy to be dragged here and want to return to Golden Light pack. He had not yet given an explanation to Iris about the children! And she must still be angry with him! 
Yet, Ethan didn’t give him a single magic stone at all and he couldn’t get it anywhere, since he was surrounded by shifter, but to ask to the sorcerer from the Holy Kingdom, it was not an option. 
"How is he?" Ethan asked. Haco was currently unconscious and he felt horrible to think to shake him awake, so he could ask about Aliana. 
"I can’t say he is in good condition," Grace said. "Haco’s condition has been very worrying... I can only say he will survive this, but his declining health is worsening." 
"Will he wake up? When he will wake up? Can you wake him up?" Ethan became impatient and Kian patted his shoulder to calm him down. 
They knew the gamma was very worried about Aliana and didn’t mean any harm. 
"We need to let him rest, Ethan..." Grace was almost apologetic when she said this, because he could see how helpless and angry Ethan was. 
He was angry with himself and everything, he wanted someone to be blamed and vented out this negative emotion. Intrusive thoughts come and go in his mind, there was not even a second where he didn’t tense up. 
Zephyr and the other didn’t have any idea how to appease Ethan’s anger and the only thing they could do was to keep looking for the missing people, though with each day their resolution wavered. 
"Jace is on the way here, probably he will arrive in a few hours," Otis said. "Carla wrote a letter to inform us." 
Currently, they started to take the pack member within the Riverside pack’s territory, while forcing back the royal warrior from the Bloody Wolf pack. From the progress of it, they would manage to get the pack back in a few days, if everything went well and only then, they would proceed to get rid of alpha Nolan and his warriors from Silver River pack. 
"He will raise hell..." Eron muttered to himself, while Dyne put Haco on his back and would take him back to their camp, so Grace could pay close attention to him. 
Ethan looked very gloomy, as if the thunder above their head reflected his mood very well. 
"Wait, what is this?" Lou looked bored when he came toward Dyne, who was carrying Haco behind his back. "I thought this is only scratches..." Lou raised Haco’s left hand, which hanging down over Dyne’s shoulder. "Don’t you think this are words? Sentence?" he tilted his head to read it. "Can you read it?" 
Haco asked the nearby warrior, but he shook his head. "I can’t read it." 
"Come closer, look at this." Lou waved his hand. 
"I can’t read," the warrior said uncomfortably with a frown on his face. 
Ethan and Zephyr came closer to see what Lou was fussing about and there, they saw it. A sentence that adorned Haco’s arm. It seemed, Haco had hurt himself to write this on his body, just in case he forgot and the scars formed a sentence. 
"I can’t read this, his handwriting must be awful," Lou said, but then protested when Ethan pushed him back to see it himself. "Hey! Can’t you be a little bit gentle with me?!" 
It took Ethan a while to read what was written there and then he shifted into his beast after he gave them an order. 
"Take Haco to the camp and ask another healer to look after him, Grace, follow me!" All of them rushed to follow Ethan’s brown beast. 
Meanwhile Lou was left alone there. "Nobody thanks me?"
###Chapter 697: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (39)
Chapter 697: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (39)
"Luna, if the alpha knew about this, they will have our head," Dean and pax pleaded with Iris to go back to her bedroom. 
It was in the middle of the night and Cane had to go to discuss a few things with alpha Colter and Koda about their next move after they received news from the Riverside pack. In the letter, they also mentioned they had found Haco and he was in an intensive care from the healers there, which made Iris’s mood lit up, though she was still worried about the other, who had not yet been found. 
"Don’t worry, I will be careful," Iris said, she hugged her body and tightened her cloak because the weather became very cold. "I only want to see the diamond tiger and after that I will go back to my bedroom." 
"Luna, I don’t think this is a good idea. The boy is sleeping." 
"Good!" Iris smiled at Dean, who looked like he was on the verge of tears. "I will only heal his wounds and then I will return," she said lightly. 
And no matter how Dean and Pax coaxed Iris, the luna didn’t want to listen to them. 
At this point, Iris managed to outsmart Cane and somehow, she was proud of herself for being able to do so. She knew Cane would be in the meeting this late night, so she pretended to be asleep, it was very convincing until he couldn’t tell and once he left, Iris went to the room next door, where the diamond white tiger stayed inside his cage. 
Cane was very adamant to let Dean and Pax to tame the creature first before Iris could come closer to him, yet she didn’t think she would be able to see him in the near future if they used Cane’s method. This time, she did not agree with Cane and his prohibition came from the place, where he was overly worried about her. 
Dean and Pax were right, the boy was currently sleeping, he curled himself into a ball inside his cage, but his limbs were chained. 
"Luna, don’t come closer," Dean warned her again when Iris approached the cage. 
"He is inside a cage and chained, also there are the two of you, what are you worrying about?" Iris frowned, she didn’t like this. She really wanted to order them to get rid of the cage and chain because it bothered her. 
Because of the noise, the little boy woke up, his eyes were on full alert when he saw the three people in front of his cage, as he started to growl viciously, barring his teeth and claws. Whenever people came to him, it meant he would be in pain. 
Therefore, every time he was approached by anyone, he would register the situation as a danger for himself. 
"Leave us," Iris said. She didn’t ask, but it was a direct order to the two of them. 
"Luna... we can’t..." 
"Leave." 
And after a few more stern orders, they didn’t have any other choice, but to leave the room, the only thing that comforted them was the fact Iris wouldn’t be able to open the cage and set him free. 
"I am going to let the alpha knew about this, you stay here," Dean said, as he went to go to see Cane in the meeting room with alpha Colter and Koda. 
Meanwhile, the night became even colder and it seemed snow would fall anytime soon. They were going to face the winter and the upcoming war against the royal warriors, the situation couldn’t be more tricky than this. 
Thankfully, Cane’s spies had spotted the ships from Karam continent, which supposed to bring provision for them to go through winter, but they had to explain the death of the four merchants, which wouldn’t end up good, still, that problem could wait until their ships were docked in the Rirverside pack. 
"...after I received the good news, we are going to strike Winter Moon pack first." Cane finished explaining his plan to alpha Colter and Koda. 
Despite how upset they were with the way Cane led them and took the position as the strategist, they couldn’t deny that they were not able to think a better plan than this one. 
"What about the black magic users? I am sure, Alan will send some of their black magic users and I refused to use our magic users," alpha Colter said sternly. With the people from the Holy Kingdom were here, they couldn’t expose themselves, because it would put them in a difficult situation with them. 
"Let the magic user from the Holy Kingdom to deal with them." 
"Hm..." Koda nodded, agreed with that plan. "After we took over the Winter Moon pack, we will move to Moon Dew pack and then to the capital city. We will take down the tyrant king, who has been using black magic and let the Serafim to sanction Vemion as the next king in this continent with me as his regent." The thought of it made Koda smiled smirked in delight to imagine what kind of power he would hold once it happened. 
Unfortunately, alpha Colter saw that and what Laluna told him the other day rang in his ears. 
"Yes," Cane said simply. Little did they know, it was not as simple as taking down Alan. There was something more ominous and dark in the palace. The upcoming war wouldn’t only be about, who would sit on the throne. 
"Since we are talking about this, there is something I want to talk with alpha Cane in private," alpha Colter spoke in his deep tone and then looked at Koda. "Can you leave us alone for a while?" 
Koda frowned. "Is this a secret? Why can’t I join?" 
This rebuttal made alpha Colter was not happy. "Leave, Koda. This is an order." 
Bound to his position as the beta, Koda didn’t have any other choice, but to listen to what his alpha told him to do. He left the room with tight lips. 
Sensing something, Cane didn’t speak, until alpha Colter himself, who started this conversation. 
"I know that you don’t like a small talk, so I will make it short." Alpha Colter sat on his chair, staring at the map on the table, where there were a few colorful pins that marking their warriors and the areas under their control. "I want you to consider taking Laluna as your mate." 
Cane scoffed. He didn’t even try to hide his disdain when he heard that, but alpha Colter immediately elaborated his suggestion. 
More or less, he parroted what Laluna had told him. He had to admit that woman was quite smart to be able to come up with this idea. It was clear that she had thought about this matter thoroughly and weighed all the options, considering all the worst possibilities that could happen. 
"...More so, luna Iris is still not with a child." Alpha Colter tried to soften his words, but Cane saw through it. "I think her condition is the problem... it is great that she can awaken her other ability as a great healer, but if she can’t fix her own problem, your pack will be left without an heir. Alpha Cane, no matter how harsh the reality is, but you must be aware that you are the last bloodline of your family and you need to pass it down to your children in the future." 
Cane still didn’t deign alpha Colter with a single response, he kept staring at him without expression, in which alpha Colter assumed for him to keep talking. 
"Laluna has proved it to us that she is fertile, she has given birth to Vemion’s baby, which meant, you can start your family right away once you take her as your mate." 
Alpha Colter blabbered something else and then stopped when he realized Cane had not yet uttered a single word. 
"Alpha Cane, I hope you will take this opportunity." He closed his speech in diplomatic way. "This can unify our cooperation. Once you take Laluna as your mate, I will adopt her as my daughter and you will always have the strength of Red Claw pack behind your back." 
Still, Cane didn’t say anything, his expression was still the same, he didn’t let alpha Colter to know what was in his mind. 
The silence inside the room stretched out and when it became very uncomfortable, alpha Colter spoke again. 
"What do you think, alpha Cane? I will not ask you to answer this right away, but we can discuss a few things that can make you more comfortable with this arrangement." The more alpha Colter spoke, the more he dug his own grave. "Luna Iris can be the mistress, I am sure Laluna will not mind it. From what I heard, your pack member is not really welcoming to her because of what happened in the past, even more when she has not yet with a child, even after a year has passed and the problem with Sofia." 
Still, Cane said nothing. 
"Is there something you are not satisfied with?" 
Finally, Cane deigned him with a reply. "I will assume this conversation never happened, but if you brought this thing up again, I will consider that as an insult to my mate and you can consider to take the throne on your own." Cane stood up and somehow, alpha Colter felt so small in front of him. 
After saying that, Cane walked out of the room only to find Laluna had been standing outside with baby Vemion in her arms. 
"Alpha Cane..." she called him carefully.
###Chapter 698: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (40)
Chapter 698: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (40)
The reason why Laluna brought baby Vemion with her because she wanted to evoke Cane’s sympathized. She had learned about what happened to his destined mate and how Sofia had fooled him and the rest of his pack about the baby that she claimed as his firstborn. 
Added that to the fact his luna had not yet with a child even until now, he must be very devastated and desperate to have his own baby, who would continue his bloodline, since he was the only one, who survived the cruel thing alpha Gerald had done to his family and pack. 
And Laluna was more than willing to give him everything. She would give him the baby he wanted. 
She was even more convinced when she saw the rare gentleness in his eyes when he saw baby Vemion’s curse was being lifted up. 
Despite his rough appearance and how cold he appeared, deep down, he must have a gentle heart and he could be a perfect father figure for baby Vemion. 
Not like the other alpha, he didn’t have any mistress and devoted his life to make a great change in this continent. Laluna could die happy to have a man like him. 
"Alpha Cane. Can we talk for a while?" Laluna asked softly, her heart swelled with happiness when Cane glanced at the baby in his arms. "Do you want to carry him?" she asked excitedly, thinking that was what he wanted. 
Cane took a deep breath, he was having a hard time to control his emotion, which made his voice sounded very cold and dark than usual. "No." 
After that curt answer, he walked away from Laluna, but she didn’t give up yet, she blocked his way by standing in front of him and if it was not for the baby, Cane must have shoved her from his sight. 
"Alpha Cane, can we have a moment to talk? There is something important that I want to discuss with you." 
Cane looked at her emotionlessly and this made Laluna bashful to be stared very intense like this. She stuttered a little bit when she spoke again. 
"Can I invite you for a drink in my place?" 
"Is this about the ridiculous idea alpha Colter told me earlier?" Cane wanted to leave, but he couldn’t promise he wouldn’t hurt her if she tried to stop him by touching him. The thought of it was loathsome. 
Laluna flustered, she caressed her baby’s cheek and spoke in motherly tone. "Alpha Cane... my baby lost his father in such young age and to think he will not have a father figure in his life really hurt me. I know you don’t have feeling for me, but the suggestion suit perfectly with our cooperation, it will benefit our situation." 
Laluna looked sad, as she stared at her baby and gave the same gloomy look when she lifted her head to see Cane’s reaction. 
"Alpha, you are benevolent and kind, the qualities that not even king Aeon or Alan have." She poured out her heart and admiration toward Cane, knowing how man loved to hear such thing. "Do you really think Koda will be a good regent? You and I know how greedy he is. He is not suit to rule anything, not even to be a regent." She took a step closer and disappointed when Cane took a step back, still, she continued with her narration. "But, you are very different. You actually think about your people." 
And with that, Laluna blabbered about all the good qualities that Cane had, how it was his right to sit on the throne, but when she didn’t get any reaction from Cane, she pushed her baby into the calculation. 
"Please, alpha Cane, even if you don’t think of me as your mate, please, think about my baby, who has to grow without a father." 
Cane scoffed derisively when she used this card, showing how lame and shallow the way she was thinking. 
"Iris is completely wrong in this matter..." Cane spoke for the first time. He needed his mate to purify all the negativity from his ears, after he heard all of these bullshits back to back from alpha Colter and Laluna. 
"Pardon me?" Laluna blinked her eyes, didn’t understand what Cane meant. 
There was this rare smile on Cane’s lips, but it was very different from the smile he showed this morning when Iris lifted Vemion’s curse, this smile sent chill down her spine. 
"She shouldn’t be very soft hearted." 
Laluna blinked her eyes. She didn’t understand a single thing that Cane was talking about. "What do you mean?" Why he started talking about Iris when they were having a conversation about the future of her baby? 
"I was strongly against her decision to save this baby, I couldn’t care less whether this baby is dead or not," Cane said, in low and vicious tone. 
Laluna was shocked when she heard that, her body stiffed and Cane took the opportunity to step aside and walked past her, but not after he gave her one final blow to her self esteem. 
"Don’t even think about it, the sight of you alone disgusted me." Cane gave her a menacing side eyes, which even made the baby cried, sensing Cane’s antipathy. "You can’t even hold a candle to my mate. You don’t even deserve to kiss her feet." 
He had to make this clear and crush even the tiniest piece of thought that what she planed could happen. Not in this lifetime or even in the next. 
With that, Cane could walk back to her bedroom and cuddle his mate without being stopped again. 
Laluna was trembling, only after Cane’s presence disappeared, she could breathe. She didn’t even realize she had been holding back her breathe because of how tensed up she was. Her legs gave away and she fell on her knees. It was a terrifying experience to feel the alpha’s wrath closely. 
But... 
Did he really want to kill my baby? 
Out of instinct, Laluna hugged her crying baby closed to her chest. She was mortified. 
However, not like what Cane had planned, where he wanted to vanquish his ire by holding his mate, Dean came to him and tell him that Aderan has returned with the thing he wanted. 
"Oh, alpha," Dean said hastily when Cane was about to see Aderan. "Luna Iris is currently in the next room, seeing the diamond white tiger." He was Cane’s personal warrior, therefore, his obligation was to the alpha. 
Cane stopped in his track and looked at Dean. "Next time, the information about my mate first." He walked to the opposite direction. 
Hearing that Dean grimaced. It was his alpha’s way to say he had to sort out what was priority. 
========================== 
Under the rock, near Charmen flower. 
That was what written on Haco skinny arm. He made sure the keyword was written a few times; ’Charmen’, this word peppered on both of his arms. It seemed he was starting to get disoriented when he wrote that by hurting himself and Ethan was grateful to the extent of how Haco tried to help. 
Charmen flower had a distinguish scent and actually, he had past three spots where there was charmen flower. 
Ethan didn’t waste her time and immediately checked those three spots and only on the last one, he saw a little hole that was enough for a little child to squeeze in. This hole was not there before when Ethan scoured this area. Probably that was the reason why he couldn’t pick any of their scents, because they were buried too deep under the rocks. 
This hole was small, but Haco’s body was already very skinny right now, thus he must be able to go out from there. 
"Aliana! Joel! Celia!" Ethan called them all into the hole, his voice laced with fear and anxiety. If he could go in, he would have crawled his way inside, but the problem was; this hole was too small for his body or any warriors. 
However, they had to think thrice if they wanted to make the hole bigger, because the rock was not steady and it could collapse and hurt the people inside if they were not careful. It was clear to see that Haco used his magic to create this. 
"Aliana! Joel! Celia! Do you hear me?!" 
There was only a howling wind that came from inside and this made Ethan even more jittery and restless. He couldn’t think clearly. 
"We can’t go inside," Eron stated. "Even the skinnier warrior here will not fit into that hole." 
"I think a young boy will do," Otis said. 
"Yes, but we need a boy, who is quick witted and can assess the situation inside," Dyne chimed in, thinking hard how to solve this problem. 
"I know a young boy, who can do that." Zephyr didn’t give an explanation before he dashed away from the group and returned almost an hour later with Zale. 
All of them lit up to see Zale, they had spent most of their time with this stubborn boy, it was crazy they didn’t even think about him. No matter how bad his attitude, one could say that he was smart. 
More so, his body was rather skinny for a boy around his age.
"Zale, you must be go inside and check the situation, if our prediction is right, there must be Aliana, Celia and Joel there," Zephyr explained to him. 
Zale glanced at the hole and walked toward it, while Ethan squeezed his little shoulder before he went in. 
"We count on you, Zale," Ethan said.
###Chapter 699: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (41)
Chapter 699: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (41)
Just like what they had predicted, the hole was big enough to squeeze his body inside, for a while, it was like a narrow tunnel, where Zale had to crawl on his knees and elbows before he found a wider area like a cave. He was bringing luminous pearl with him, so he could see inside. 
"Who... who is that?" Joel asked hoarsely, it had been three days, if it was not more, they were trapped inside. Thankfully, from the crack on the rocks, there was water dripping. It must be raining outside, but then what they drank was the black water from the strange rain. 
Though it was questionable, but they didn’t have many options if they wanted to survive. 
"Joel, is that you?" Zale asked, he followed his voice and found Joel was leaning his back against the rock. He closed his eyes because the light from the luminous pearls hurt his eyes. 
"Drop it..." he said, he tried to avoid the bright light. 
"Oh, sorry." Zale put the luminous pearl in the center, which enough to illuminate this small place like cave, making the light was dim enough for Joel to open his eyes. "Are you okay? Where is the other?" He looked around, but he needed some time to adjust his sight. 
"Celia is in that corner, please check on her and take her out of this place first." Joel then pointed his finger to his left. "Aliana... Aliana is there, please, check on her..." 
Zale didn’t waste his time and went to check on the little girl, who was barely breathing, her body was very hot and blood oozed out from her nose and mouth. She had been sick all this time and what happened now only worsened her condition. 
Meanwhile, Aliana was in critical condition, her healing ability was able to let her survive, but it couldn’t be said that she was safe right now, so did Joel, though his condition was only slightly better than the other. 
Zale had to think really hard because it was tricky to get her out from the small tunnel when she was unconscious like this. 
"Wait, I will be back!" Zale said, as he crawled back outside. 
"How is it? Are they inside?" Zephyr immediately asked and from the corner of Zale eyes, he saw the tacky merchant joined them. 
"Yes, the three of them inside," Zale said and all of them cheered because they finally found them, yet their excitement died down really quick when they were facing with another trouble. 
Zale described into detail what happened to Aliana, Joel and Celia and how he didn’t think he could get them out. 
Celia was unconscious and Joel would have a hard time to fit in the tunnel. 
"Joel maybe can fit in, but it will be hard, since he dislocated his shoulder. It will be painful. I don’t think Aliana will be able to go through the tunnel too..." 
Joel dislocated his shoulder and because it healed before he could make it right, his shoulder looked a little bit weird and it was still painful. 
Zale gave all the detail about what happened inside, he left nothing unsaid. Zephyr was right, this young boy was the right person to go in. 
"Our option is only to make the tunnel bigger, so we can get them out of there in time," Kian suggested. 
"Yes, but it doesn’t mean there is no consequences for that. What if the rocks collapsed and buried them instead?" Otis voice out the main concern of this option. 
All of them were silence. 
Eron glanced at Ethan, who had been silence all this time. It was so hard to see this easy going gamma became very quiet like this. This was not like him at all. He looked like he was deep in thought and they were too afraid to bother him. 
"Ethan, what do you think?" Eron braced himself to ask Ethan, while the other people looked at the gamma, waiting for his answer. 
Ethan stood in front of the small entrance, staring at the dark tunnel, while the black rain started pouring down. The atmosphere was very heavy and cold, something white floating in the air fell on their head and shoulders. 
"It’s snow..." Zale said, as he looked up and watched white powder fell from the dark sky. "This is the first snow." 
All of them lifted their head and watched snowflakes fell gently on them. 
"Leave," Ethan finally spoke. "All of you, leave." 
"Hm?" Zephyr frowned. "What do you mean?" 
"I want all of you leave this place." 
"And why we have to leave? We need to think of a way to rescue them. There is no time for..." 
"Leave!" Ethan roared, he turned around and faced all the warriors. There were only shifters here, the paladin had returned to their camp, helping the other knights to move all the pack member into within the Riverside gates. 
"Ethan, please think..." Eron tried to persuade him. 
"LEAVE!" Ethan snarled. His eyes looked crazy. "This is an order! DO YOU WANT TO REFUSE MY DIRECT ORDER?!" 
Not even once Ethan acted like this, especially to use his status as the gamma of the pack to make them did what he wanted. This was the first time for them to sense the authority rolled off his voice and this startled them. 
"Let’s go," Zephyr said, as he ushered the other to go away. 
"What? But, we..." Otis wanted to protest, but Zephyr shut him up. 
"Give him some space." Zephyr didn’t know what was in Ethan’s mind, but he knew the gamma would find a way to save the three people inside. 
"But..." Kian wanted to protest, but in the end, Zephyr ushered them away. 
"Lou, Zale, I want you to stay," Ethan said in dark voice, which made the two of them stood in their position and watched the other warriors left. 
"What do you want now?" Lou asked, he crossed his arms in front of his chest. "I only want you to know that I don’t want to get involved in this." 
Zale threw the merchant a nasty glare for what he was saying and Lou reciprocated the same energy to the young boy. 
"What?!" Lou asked sharply when Ethan didn’t say anything and only stare at him. "I have brought you here, remembered? Don’t you even dare to threaten me! You are the one, who owed me!" Lou scrunched his brows when Ethan came closer toward him. "I don’t care about them, or you, or anyone else here and don’t you dare to bring Iris in this matter again, your method is boring." 
Zale really wanted to claw this merchant’s face, he swore, if Ethan attacked him, he would shift and help the gamma to kill this merchant, but what happened next was something that he couldn’t even imagine. 
Once Ethan was face to face with the merchant, he dropped to his knees and hung his head very low. 
"Please, Lou... save them..." he said in small voice, it was the contradiction of the way he forced the other warriors to leave. "I beg you." 
Lou was taken aback, so did Zale, who didn’t believe the sight before their eyes. The gamma actually knelt down in front of the merchant. He even begged him. 
"Hey! Seriously, why don’t you shout at me instead?! I am genuinely scared of you right now, damn it!" Lou cursed under his breath. Ugh. He loved confrontation better! 
============================== 
"It’s snowing..." Iris said, as she opened the curtain and watched snowflake fell from the dark sky, it looked beautiful, but eerie at the same time, the rain just stopped and it was snowing now. "This must be the first snow." 
Iris remembered the first snow last year, she was inside a carriage, on her way to the capital city with Cane and their relationship was not like this. At that time, they must not even imagine their life would turn out into such a complicated mess. 
But then, Iris didn’t even think she would be pregnant too a year later and how strong the bond between her and Cane now. 
"Do you like snow?" Iris turned around and face the white diamond tiger, who was growling at her all this time, but he stopped when he saw the snow through the window, he blinked his eyes, mesmerized. "I used not to like snow, because my health is not good and I will be very miserable whenever the weather became so cold. I fell sick often too." 
Iris approached the cage and the white diamond tiger turned his head to look at her with caution, but this time, he didn’t growl at her. 
"I will open this cage, but you need to behave." Iris smiled reassuringly at him. "I will not hurt you." 
The white diamond tiger stared at Iris, as if he was under the smile from that warm smile. He couldn’t even remember when the last time, he saw such beautiful eyes. Those blue eyes filled with kindness and everything about this woman was very comforting. 
It almost felt like it was okay to lay your head on her lap and close your eyes. Something he used to do when his mother was still alive. He was only an eight year years old, the last creature from his kind. 
"You know what? I like your hair. Your hair reminded me of clouds in bright day. I hope we can see that day soon." Iris wrapped the lock within her palms and the steel melted, then she opened the door. "What do you think?"
###Chapter 700: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (42)
Chapter 700: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (42)
Iris felt her heart was beating so fast when she watched the white diamond tiger came out of the carriage slowly. He would look around and then at Iris’s stretched out hand, there was this distrust in his grey eyes, but at the same time, he was less hostile toward the luna. 
Iris took a step back, she didn’t want to crowd him, giving him space, because in the white diamond tiger’s mind, he registered touch as pain and Iris could understand that. She didn’t want to put herself in danger too by startling him. 
The white diamond tiger crawled out of the cage and stared at Iris warily, as he moved toward the corner of the room. 
"I will get rid of the chain, okay?" Iris asked, she waited until the white diamond tiger gave his consent to come closer toward him. He subtly nodded after a while, only then she approached him and melted the steel that chained his arms and feet. The white diamond tiger flinched and tried so hard to not touch Iris and once she was done, she took two steps back. "I am sure you have a name. Will you let me know what you used to be called?" 
What he used to be called? No one ever called him. No one even cared to know his name. They would use the word ’it’ to refer to him and not a single soul knew what his name was. 
The only person, who used to call him was his mother when she was still alive. 
"Ez... ra..." his voice was very unfamiliar because the only sound that he would make all this time would be a growl, snarl or cry. It had been a long time, since the last time he actually spoke. 
"Ezra?" Iris repeated his name and smiled warmly. "What a beautiful name." She came closer carefully, both of them seemed to be in a tension when she stretched out her hand. 
Ezra stared at her hand, he didn’t move, his whole little body stiffed and he closed his eyes tightly when Iris touched him. He expected pain, but what the luna did was running her fingers through his hair... it felt good. 
"Ezra, let’s meet again tomorrow, okay? I will see you tomorrow. Be good to Dean and Pax." 
Ezra was disappointed when Iris pulled her hand back and stood up, she waved at him when she walked out of the room. The little white diamond tiger had this urge to follow her, but in the end, he sat at the corner and curled himself on the ground again. 
It was way more comfortable without the chain that restricted him and being inside the cage. He touched his head and ran his fingers through his own hair like Iris did earlier... 
=============================== 
Have you ever felt like your whole world came crushing down beneath your feet and your heart stopped beating, but miraculously you were still alive? 
That was what Ethan felt right now and there were a lot more emotions he couldn’t describe into words when he heard Zale’s explanation about what happened with Aliana inside the rubbles of the rock. 
Everything became empty, the loud voices as they argued about what they had to do, faded in the back of his mind. 
Ethan felt so numb and helpless, as if he was being his younger self when he couldn’t even defense himself during the slavery. How they crushed his hope and tomorrow would never get better. 
Therefore, when he knelt down in front of Lou, Ethan had nothing, he didn’t even think this was an embarrassment or an insult to himself, because he felt nothing. What was pride? What was his life? His whole world crumbled with the thought Aliana might be dead if they couldn’t find a way to get her out of there. 
Not to mention there was no guarantee she would survive even if they managed to get her out of there. 
Life left his eyes when his knees touched the muddy ground, as he begged the merchant to do his magic. 
"Wait a minute!" Lou hated this situation. He would prefer for Ethan to threaten him. He annoyed with himself because it bothered him to see this gamma like this. 
His usual self would have walked away, scoffed and didn’t even care in the slightest whether those people died or not, but to his surprised, he couldn’t turn down Ethan’s plea as easy as he wanted. 
"Argh! You drive me crazy!" 
The merchant had spent almost the last half year with the people from the Howling Wolf pack and recent month with Cane and Ethan, he hated to admit it, but he became used with their presence now and without him realizing it, he cared for them in his twisted way. 
Seriously, this feeling was a pain in the ass! 
"First, I don’t have the magic stone! Second, I don’t have the energy!" Lou growled. "Can you get up? This is very uncomfortable! Talk to me like usual!" Ethan stood up and looked at Lou, which made him shivered. "Don’t look at me like that, you look like you are going to die!" 
But, that’s how Ethan felt... 
============================ 
Iris couldn’t stay with Ezra for long, because she needed to go back to her bedroom before Cane returned from his meeting, but it didn’t cross her mind that Dean had informed Cane first, since he was not her personal warriors, thus his responsibility and obligation was not on her. 
Iris felt her heart skipped a beat when the first thing she saw was Cane’s emotionless face the moment she opened the door. 
"I thought you were..." Cane’s cold voice was cut short when Iris threw herself at him and kissed him, rendered the alpha unable to speak and reprimand her. 
Iris tiptoed and pulled Cane by his collar, so the alpha could bend his body because of the height different between them. Out of instinct, Cane leaned over and put his hand on her hips to secure her, just in case, she tripped. 
"I know, I am sorry!" Iris pecked his lips and when Cane tried to speak, she would kiss him again to stop him, so she could apologize profusely. "I am sorry, I am sorry..." 
A kiss would land on Cane’s lips in every word of ’sorry’ that Iris said. 
Meanwhile, Dean and Pax had taken a great interested at the snow that fell from the dark sky. 
"Let’s go back to our room first," Cane said, as he put his arms around her waist firmly, so she wouldn’t be able to do her trick. 
"Okay, let’s go to sleep." Iris agreed docilely. 
Cane was already upset with the nasty suggestion that alpha Colter and Laluna blurted out. He wondered, what kind of indication that let them think he would be on board with that borderline disgusting idea? 
But then, when he thought, he could calm his anger down and got a shred of peaceful mind by going back to his mate, only to find her was inside the room that was occupied by the white diamond tiger. In his eyes, Iris had put herself in danger! 
"Cane..." Iris took a sharp breath when Cane hugged her from behind and squeezed her breast the moment they were inside their room. She moaned when Cane slipped his hand under her dress and touched her inner thigh. 
The tension built up within her body, but she could feel his anger and helplessness in his every touch that burned her skin. 
Cane bit lightly on her shoulder, as his finger rubbed her clit in a very painful slow motion. Iris tried to move her hips, but Cane pinched her nipple and made her gasped. 
Her breath caught in her throat when Cane licked her earlobe, down to her neck and back to nibble on her earlobe again. 
His touch was not like his usual careful and gentle touch, it was reckless, as though he wanted Iris to know how upset he was, but at the same time, it brought different feeling for her. An excitement that laced with anticipation. 
Cane had been painstakingly cautious whenever he touched her, so it felt nice when he stopped being very vigilant, treating her like a fragile glass and chose to be a little bit rough with her now. 
"Ah!" Iris felt her body would burst when her climax was so close, her skin was very sensitive and a cry left her lips when the pleasure weakened her legs. 
She would have fallen to the floor if Cane didn’t catch her and carried her to the bed. 
"Cane..." Iris called his name when she felt her back touched the bed, but he undressed her instead. He had lost his patient long time ago, which made him ripped the dress impatiently that bothered him. 
"I am not done yet with you," Cane growled. 
Iris blushed when she heard that and the anticipation built inside her again. She tried to push her body up because laying down on her back was not comfortable, she felt like her stomach pressed her organs and recently she had been sleeping on her side, since she couldn’t breath when she laid down on her back for long. 
Usually, Cane would let her to be on top, since that was the position, where she was most comfortable. 
"Not now, Iris," Cane said darkly, as he flipped her body, made her on her knees and elbows, as he came from behind her. 
Same like before, he moved too slow for her liking. 
"Cane... faster..." Iris whimpered.
###Chapter 701: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (43)
Chapter 701: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (43)
Zale returned with Sabian, but there was another extra person, who came with the two of them, it was Nala. 
When she heard Lou called for Sabian, she insisted to come and despite Zale sharp refusal to not take her with them, the woman didn’t want to listen at all and came along anyway. 
Knowing the situation and they were in the critical time, Zale let that woman came too. 
Zephyr asked him why he took Sabian and Nala with him to the area they found Aliana and the other, but Zale only explained Lou needed them and Ethan said not to let the other to come without his permission. 
Zephyr said nothing, but he watched as the young shifter shifted into his beast, so did Nala, while Sabian followed the two of them. He was deep in thought. He had his own speculation, but he didn’t have proof for that. 
"Master... what are you doing here?" Sabian asked, panting. He was too old for going down here and it took him forever to be able to reach this spot alive. 
"Ck! You take so long!" Lou grumbled. "Do you bring what I ask for?" This question was directed to Zale, who looked at Ethan first before he handed a small pouch filled with magic stones to the merchant. "Use this and assist me to lift all those fucking rocks." 
Sabian blinked his eyes. "What rocks? That rock? Which one?" 
"All of them." 
"Are you crazy!" Sabian immediately cleared his throat and softened his voice. "Master, I don’t think you can do it, even with me assisting you." 
"Do you want to tell me that I am weak?!" Somehow, Lou felt like he heard Cane’s voice, who agreed with him that he was weak. This was annoying and upset him further. "I can do it! I am the best sorcerer!" 
"Master, it will mess up with your mana flow, you just created portal not so long." 
Zale leaned toward Nala and whispered to her. "Is he a sorcerer? I thought he is a merchant." 
Nala glanced at the young boy, but said nothing. 
Meanwhile, it didn’t take long for Lou to make Sabian did what he ordered him to do. He spilled all the magic stones from the pouch and grabbed them tightly. "You owe me this!" he growled at Ethan. 
=============================== 
Cane woke up when he felt Iris shivered in his arms, as it turned out the fire in the fireplace almost died out. He immediately got up and pulled the blanket to cover Iris’s naked body before he added more firewood and the room became very warm again. 
Iris curled her body, as if she was hugging her stomach when Cane returned to bed. She was sound asleep, her lips were slightly ajar and you could hear how she snored softly. 
Cane stretched out his hand and tucked her away from her face, but he discovered her the bruise on her shoulder, which made him frowned. He must have bitten her too harsh earlier and lost his control. 
He pulled down the blanket and scrutinized her body again, looking for another bruise or any signs that indicating he had hurt her. 
Thankfully, aside from the bruise on her shoulder and his fingerprints around her wrists, there was nothing more. Still, Cane was not happy with himself. He became barbaric again with her. 
His eyes then fell on her swollen belly, he caressed her tummy lightly, but it tickled her so he stopped before he woke her up. 
"I am sorry..." Cane whispered to her ear and kissed her cheek, he tucked her inside the blanket, making sure she was warm before he left to meet with Koda. 
It must be still early in the morning, though it was hard to tell when the sky looked the same. 
After Cane cleaned himself up and put on his cloak, he ordered Dean and Pax to keep his eyes on his mate, but he was sure, Iris wouldn’t wake up for another hours. 
"Alpha Cane, what are you doing here?" Koda asked, he looked unkempt. He was still sleeping when his guard informed him Cane wanted to see him. "This is still early morning." His voice hoarse, as he followed Cane to the garden. 
"There is something important I want to let you know." 
"What is it?" Koda furrowed his brows. What important thing that he wanted to tell him, until he woke him up so early in the morning. More so, it was only him. If something was really important, alpha Colter should be here too to know, right? 
"I will make this quick." Cane stopped walking and then turned around to face Koda. "Are you giving up to be a regent for the baby?" 
"What?!" Koda was shocked, just like what Cane had predicted. "Of course not! This is my right to be my great grandson’s regent. Where did you get that idea, alpha Cane?" 
If there was one thing that Cane learned from lady Cyan, it must be her method to attack her enemy from within. You should know where to hit and leave a crack. 
In the beginning, it would be only a small crack, but by time, the crack would get bigger and break the entire thing. 
Just like how she provoked the hatred of his warriors toward Iris, now Cane hit Koda’s greediness to make a crack between him and alpha Colter. 
It was something that you wouldn’t feel the effect of it immediately, but eventually. 
"Apparently alpha Colter and Laluna have planned the whole thing. You must be curious why alpha Colter sent you out of the room and only talked to me." 
Koda sobered up immediately. He caught the meaning behind Cane’s words almost in an instant. "He suggested for you to mate with Laluna? Or he wanted you to be the next king?" 
"Currently, I don’t interest for the later, but you are right for the former." Cane watched how anger engulfed Koda after he learned this. "Alpha Colter will adopt Laluna as his daughter once I declare her to be my mate." 
Koda opened his mouth, but there was no word that came out of his lips and Cane patiently waited for him to gather his thought. 
"Are you sure about that?" Koda asked through his gritted teeth. 
Greediness and suspicion could weaken your trust, even the strongest bond could gradually break and Cane only needed to say a few words and watch how they ruined themselves. 
"You can ask them if you don’t believe me." Cane turned around, he was about to leave, but before that, he said his last piece. "The thought of touching another woman aside from my mate, disgusted me." 
Koda averted his eyes awkwardly. 
============================== 
"Aliana!" Jace opened the curtain to the tent. Dyne told him which tent that Aliana was occupying after she was being rescued. 
All of them wondered how Ethan, Lou and the other could take the three of them out of the rubbles of the rocks, but they couldn’t ask the gamma. Seeing his expression alone would let you know it was not the right time to ask him about any of that. 
Therefore, they pestered Zale to spill the bean, but the young boy was very tight lips. 
"Lower your voice, she is sleeping," Ethan said. He had been sitting in the same position for hours, checking on her every now and then, afraid if she suddenly stopped breathing. 
Jace breathed raggedly, he approached the bed and watched Aliana’s sleeping face, while Ethan filled him in about Aliana’s condition right now. The gamma only parroted what Grace said, because he didn’t have the energy to think of anything. 
"I will take her back to the Howling Wolf pack," Jace stated after a long silence between the two of them. 
"Yes, please do." Ethan stood up. He gave up his seat to Jace. "But, make sure to consult this with Grace first." The journey from here to Howling Wolf pack would take half day. Jace had to make sure Aliana’s condition suit for such journey. 
After that, Ethan walked out of the tent to find Zale had been waiting for him. He gave him an accusatory glare, in which he didn’t want to think what was in his mind to look at him like that. 
"You shouldn’t have knelt down in front of that tacky man. Why did you do that?" Zale pestered Ethan. "You can’t owe him anything!" 
"Did you tell someone about him being a sorcerer?" 
"No." 
"Good. Keep it as a secret." 
"I will tell luna Iris about it, though." 
"Go ahead." 
Ethan didn’t have the energy to deal with Zale, he shifted into his beast and rushed away somewhere, leaving Zale alone. 
He pouted his lips and decided to see that tacky sorcerer. 
For now, Haco was under intensive care from Grace and Joel’s dislocated shoulder had been fixed, though they had to break his bone again for Grace to be able to heal it, while Celia was currently with the Serafim. Her treatment was very late, the Serafim almost lost her, but right now, her life was already out of danger. She would heal. 
On Zale way to see the tacky merchant, he heard murmuring voices from somewhere behind line of trees. At first, he didn’t care, who it was, but when their scent came to him, he wondered why the two of them were there, thus out of curiosity, he followed their scent only to see two people locked their lips, in a passionate kiss. 
It was Kian and Nala! 
Ugh! He had corrupted his vision!
###Chapter 702: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (44)
Chapter 702: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (44)
"I know you are awake," Cane said, as he ran his fingers absentmindedly on her jawline. He had met with Koda and took care a few things, but when he returned, Iris was still asleep. 
Adjusting to the time Iris usually woke up, Cane had prepared food for her. It couldn’t be said as a breakfast, since it was close to lunch. 
"I have prepared food for you, don’t you want to eat?" 
Sheepishly, Iris opened her eyes. "What you have prepared?" she asked timidly, as she glanced at the tray on the table. She couldn’t resist the temptation of food, her appetite was incredible recently. You could say this was an easy pregnancy, aside from occasional nauseas and craving something. 
"Iris..." 
"I am sorry, I know I am wrong. I will not do it again." 
Cane stared into her blue eyes. "Please, meant it when you promised me something." 
Iris lowered her head, feeling incredulously guilty because she went behind Cane’s back last night to see the white diamond tiger. 
"I don’t want to see you in danger, Iris." Cane’s voice softened. "I have a lot of people tricked me, I don’t want you too do the same thing." 
"I am..." 
Cane kissed her lips to swallow her apology. "Let’s eat." He helped her to sit down and arranged the pillow behind her back. "Hurt?" he asked when he saw Iris winched. 
"A little bit," Iris replied sheepishly, red color spread on her cheeks. "My hips a little bit sore..." 
Cane put the small table, so she could eat on the bed, while he wrapped his arm around her back and massaged her hips, while she was munching on her meat. 
=========================== 
Zale was stunned. He didn’t know what to do after he witnessed this and choose to runaway before neither Kian nor Nala noticed him had witnessed them there. 
"What a bad day!" Zale grumbled on his way toward Lou’s tent, where he found Sabian was tending to his master. Lou looked like a mess. He refused when he was told to let Grace check on him. 
He acted all tough, but there he was, unable to even lift a finger. 
At the same time, Zale felt a pity for him because he was actually being cheated on and that woman, instead of tending to her man, was kissing another man instead. Zale would look Kian differently from now on too. 
"Boy, you need to ask permission before you entered the tent," Sabian reprimanded Zale. He was actually a sorcerer too, but from what Zale saw, it seemed, he was not as powerful as the merchant. 
Zale ignored what Sabian said and walked toward Lou’s bed, which made the old man mad, but Lou stopped him when he was about to drag him out of the tent. 
"Leave us alone," Lou said in his weak voice. He hated the sound of it and even more when he was in vulnerable state, where he couldn’t defense himself if he was being attacked. 
"But, master..." 
"Leave." 
Couldn’t argue with his master, Sabian finally left the two of them. 
"How many people have known about my identity as a sorcerer?" Lou asked straight to the point. 
"I told no one." 
Lou raised his brows. He looked exhausted and the sight of him should be able to evoke sympathy, but somehow, he still managed to look annoying. 
"Really?" 
Zale furrowed his brows when his honesty was being questioned. 
"Do you still have that stone?" Lou remembered it was Zale, who had brought the magic stone when they were going to help Aliana and the other, so he thought, he had some with him. 
Zale didn’t answer immediately, he stared at the merchant blankly. "I have stone," he finally said. 
"Good. Give it to me." Lou needed to get some extra energy, but it took a while for Sabian to get some magic stones, especially when they had to afford it secretly, since the magic users from the Holy Kingdom had been around. 
"With one condition." 
Lou wanted to scoff. "Do you really want to bargain with me? Name your price." He thought this boy was not interested in money, but as it turned out, when you were poor, money was a temptation, no matter how young you were. 
"I want you to clear the debt between you and gamma Ethan." Zale didn’t like people, who closed with the luna to beg someone else, especially the person that his luna disliked. 
Lou raised his brows, if he was strong enough, he would have guffawed with that absurdity. "You like Ethan that much? I don’t know that you look up so much at him." 
It was not Ethan, but the luna instead, but Zale didn’t want to explain that. He kept his expression the same, until Lou was done with his insult. 
"Fine. Give me the stone and I will count the debt between me and Ethan is even." Oh, please, this young boy was too young and immature to bargain with a merchant like him. If there was no witness, then there was no deal that happened, that was the rule. 
As someone with experience like Lou, he didn’t think there was anyone would take what this young boy said seriously. 
"What? You don’t believe me?" Lou raised his brows. "Fine. I am going to sleep." He closed his eyes. 
Zale then fished out something from his pocket and put it on the table next to Lou. It was a stone. "There. You need to keep your promise. There is no debt between you and gamma Ethan." 
Lou opened his eyes again and glanced at the stone, but because it was on top of the table and from his position, he couldn’t see it clearly, yet because it indeed looked like that stone, he agreed readily. 
"Fine, fine. Give me that stone." 
"Why? You can’t take it?" 
Fuck this boy! 
Zale then stood up and walked out of the tent before Lou realized there was something wrong with the stone, but before that, he generously let him knew about Nala’s infidelity. 
"It’s a pity, I saw your woman kissed one of the warriors." Zale didn’t reveal the identity of the warrior, because he didn’t want Lou to make trouble for luna’s personal warriors. 
Lou cackled when he heard that and not long after, Sabian entered the room, in which he asked to bring the stone on the table. 
"What do you want with this stone, master?" Sabian looked confused when he handed the stone to Lou’s hand. 
From closer look and even more after Lou felt the stone, he knew in an instant, he had been tricked by that brat. It was not the magic stone! 
"I am going to kill him!" Lou growled, unfortunately, he couldn’t move, or else, he would have made Zale swallowed this stone! 
=========================== 
"All the preparation is done," Cane said, he waved his hand and Pax walked out of the room, where the alpha was having a meeting with alpha Colter and Koda about their next move, he returned with a boy, around ten years old, who looked so scared, as he tried to hide behind Pax. "My man managed to get him." 
Alpha Colter raised his brows and Koda cackled. 
"So, this is alpha Nolan’s precious son?" Alpha Colter looked happy. "What are you going to do? Sent him one of his arm, as a warming and sent his another arm if alpha Nolan still refused to agree with our term." 
"Tie him on the pole and put him in our gate, so people from Winter Moon pack can see their future alpha." 
Alpha had a lot of children, but all of them were women, until he got this little boy and he treasured him so much. There was no way the alpha wouldn’t react if his son was in the enemy’s hand. 
"No," Cane said firmly. "This boy will be less valuable if he is crippled. Someone as proud as alpha Nolan will not accept someone crippled even if it is his own son. He is too proud to make a defected son to be his heir." 
After some thought, alpha Colter and Koda agreed with that. 
For now, the boy would be under Aderan and Della’s care. None of them realized that the woman was queen Della, since they couldn’t care less about a maid that came with Cane’s group. They had never actually seen her too. 
Days later, they received news about how the Holy Knights and the shifters had taken back the Bloody Wolf pack and Silver River pack, they managed to force alpha Nolan’s warriors and royal warriors back to Winter moon pack. 
Which meant, it was the time for the south packs and west packs to regroup and take down the east packs. 
Letters had been sent through the lizard and they really overworked this poor creature, since this was the only safe way to communicate with each other. 
However, there was another problem that they overlooked, because of all this mess. The people, who got sick increased and the Serafim couldn’t keep up with the new patient. 
Right now, there were around fifty warriors and Knights that had fallen sick, even though the rain was not as frequent as before, since they had entered winter season. 
Aside from that, there was another problem too. 
"I don’t know if this required our concern, but the activity of the monsters is very strange. They should have been dormant during winter, but ever since weeks ago, we spot group of monsters transmigrated and it doesn’t stop even when winter came. They are heading to the north."
###Chapter 703: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (45)
Chapter 703: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (45)
"I am not going anywhere," Aliana said sternly, she faced the two annoying men, who wanted to send her off back to the Howling Wolf pack. "I serve the luna and I received the order from the alpha, without their permission, I am not going anywhere." 
Aliana was a little bit pale, because she just felt better after what happened, yet to her surprised, she woke up to see Jace was waiting for her, he was sitting on the chair beside her makeshift bed, ready to haul her back to their pack, thankfully she woke up or else, she wouldn’t be to have this argumentation. 
"Stop being stubborn, Aliana!" Jace roared. It was very rare for the beta to raise his voice to his younger sister before, but when he did, you could imagine how frustrated he was with her. "I will get you on that damn carriage with or without your permission! You walk inside the carriage now, or I will carry you, your choice!" 
Aliana lifted her chin arrogantly. "Or you can fight me, Jace." 
"Aliana!" Jace barked. 
However, Aliana didn’t seem to be affected at all, her expression stayed the same. She didn’t bother with her older brother’s anger. "I am not going anywhere. I am not a little girl, who needed your permission to do something that I want." 
"You can die!" 
"So be it!" Aliana shifted her attention toward Ethan, who had been silent all this time. He was exceptionally quiet for someone, who was very talkative. "Are you not going to do anything with this? Can you talk some sense to my brother?" 
Ethan lifted his head and looked Aliana. "I agreed with him. I think you need to go back. This is very dangerous." 
"What a bullshit!" Aliana scoffed. 
But, before the situation could escalate further, Zephyr entered the room and informed them they were ready to go. There were dozens of carriages that would take the fallen warriors back to their respective pack, while the fallen Holy Knights would be cremated and their ashes would be spread in the ocean. 
"The ships from Karam have been docked in the Chrystal Moon pack’s harbor. Eron and I will go there to receive them. We need one of you to come with me," Zephyr reported. He needed the beta or the gamma to come with them to face the merchant from the Karam and informed them their merchant had died during the civil war. 
"I will go." Ethan volunteered, it was better than if he had to deal with Aliana. Let Jace take her back to the pack with whatever way he could think off. 
"I am going with you!" Aliana went after Ethan, ignoring her brother’s protest. It was easier to deal with him than Jace anyway, more so, Ethan had been acting very distance with her lately. It didn’t sit well with her. 
Right now, the royal warriors were forced back to take shelter in the Winter Moon pack after they lost the battle against the Holy Knights and the south warriors. 
However, there was news that was much worse than that for alpha Nolan. 
"What do you mean my son is being kidnapped!?" he snarled angrily at the warrior, who reported it. Currently, he had gone back to his pack after being besieged in Silver River pack for weeks only to find out his son was being kidnapped. 
"Someone barged inside his bedroom and took him away..." the warrior knelt down, so low, his head hit the floor, he was trembling in fear upon facing the alpha’s wrath. 
"Alpha!" Another warrior came inside the room and informed alpha Nolan about the letter from the Red Claw pack. 
The more alpha Nolan read the letter, the more his face turned very dark, reflecting the gloomy sky out there. 
"Son of bitch!" alpha Nolan roared, his claws emerged when he killed the two warriors before him, who he deemed unable to do their job, until his son was being kidnapped by the enemy. "I am going to kill Colter and ripped his heart out of his chest!" 
Seeing the reaction from the alpha, people would immediately understand what had been written on the letter, which currently had been shredded into pieces. 
Alpha Nolan went back to his table and saw the dagger that Dexter gave to him. He was supposed to stab Cane in his eyes, ruined his sight, but he didn’t get the opportunity to do so, he couldn’t even get his hands on his people. 
Dexter threatened him with his own son too at that time, which forced him to choose side, but right now, his son was in the enemy’s hand. 
He was sure, this was Cane doing, because alpha Nolan had learned he was actually the strategist of this whole battle, he had planned out everything, including how this battle played out and alpha Colter followed his instruction. 
"Call Amara and Tatiana!" 
Meanwhile, Moon Dew pack didn’t do well too, since they destroyed the Black Market, but still they lost their targets. What they got were only insignificant people, who only good for a sacrifice for black magic. 
Redmond had been on lady Cyan’s ears, which pissed Aria. He knew what to say and how to convince that dark witch, supported by an inside knowledge of Cane’s movement, lady Cyan counted on the information he gave to them. 
"You might be able to fool that stupid dark witch, but you can’t fool me, Redmond." Aria glared at Redmond, she was still dreading the fact Cane was actually buried under the rubbles of the remaining Black Market when they exploded the place, but news came and they learned the alpha managed to escape to the Golden Light pack, joined force with the Red Claw pack, who had taken down that pack earlier. 
"Oh, please..." Redmond snorted. 
This dead woman was the last person he wanted to see, but this damn Moon Dew pack was not so big for him to be able to avoid her. They actually bumped onto each other in this narrow corridor, as both of them heading toward lady Cyan’s bedroom. 
"You are not that smart for me to fool you. Because it will only waste my precious time. I don’t need to fool you, actually. You have fooled yourself." 
"Watch your mouth! I am going to kill you!" Aria snarled at him. 
"What? Reality hit your ugly face so hard? That’s what you did when you fooled yourself into thinking Cane actually liked you, even after he was the one, who killed you and didn’t even bother to come and see you off." Redmond guffawed to see Aria’s face. "Keep fooling yourself, at the very least, you will not die of your foolishness." 
Actually, it was great to see Aria, because he could vent out some of his frustration. 
"Stay away from me!" Redmond pushed Aria so hard, until her body flew across the corridor. He didn’t mind to hit woman, especially the dead one. "Dead people give me creep. Don’t ever come close to me, it can be a bad luck for my day." 
Aria had lost her ability to shift into her beast, she couldn’t even use magic, even though it was black magic that gave her a chance to live. In a way Redmond was right. She was nothing, but a dead person, who couldn’t do anything. 
=============================== 
"I don’t think we can hide my pregnancy for long," Iris said, as she stood in front of the body full mirror, staring at her own swollen belly. 
The look on her face always put smile on Cane’s lips, his mate looked mesmerized by her own body. He couldn’t help, but approached her and hugged her from behind. She smelled so good and looked even more beautiful, as if there was this bright light that came from within her. 
"What are you going to do?" Iris melted in Cane’s arms, rested her back against his sturdy chest, as she giggled to see their reflection. She wanted to see her baby so bad, she was curious who the baby would take after. Would the baby have her blue eyes or Cane’s black eyes? What about the hair? This silly thought would intrude her mind whenever she didn’t have anything to do. 
"Let it be." 
"Hm?" Iris leaned her head and exposed her neck, as Cane kissed her. 
"If they learned about your pregnancy, so be it." They had hidden the pregnancy as best as they could, but when they were no longer able to do that, let them knew about it naturally. "When you healed the baby, was there any side effect on the baby?" 
Cane wanted to know if Iris used her power, would it affect the baby, because he still conflicted whether or not to let her knew about this news. 
"No. I feel fine. The curse on the baby is not as heavy as I imagined. It can be said as the light one, since Haco used to train me to purify the black stone. The one Haco used to give me was way heavier. Probably, because it was a baby, so it has a very strong affect." 
Iris chuckled when she felt the baby kicked her from inside. "The baby is very active." Cane placed his palms on the spot where the baby was kicking, a warm smile on his lips. "I feel like there are two of them." 
"I really want to see our child." 
"Me too. I want to see our child soon." 
Their wish would come true, they would see their children soon than they expected.
###Chapter 704: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (46)
Chapter 704: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (46)
The south and the west of the continent were controlled by Cane and alpha Colter, while the capital city had three packs under their control; Celestial Moon pack in the north and Winter Moon and Moon Dew pack in the east. 
Even though Golden Light pack had lost their base, because their pack had been conquered by Red Claw pack, but those warriors, who survived took shelter in the Winter Moon pack, which didn’t make alpha Nolan happy. 
"Why alpha Nolan will think the Golden Light pack’s warriors’ troublesome? Isn’t it good to have a lot of warriors at time like this?" Iris asked, while Cane dried her hair. She just finished taking a bath. 
Well, actually, Cane just finished bathing her, because she became a little bit lazy to take a bath during this winter. Mostly, Cane would wash her hair and wipe her body, especially when she couldn’t bend her body now her stomach was getting big. 
Iris was flustered in the beginning and asked for a maid to help her, since she didn’t feel comfortable to ask Della. She was a former queen after all, despite she was no longer holding the title, it didn’t feel right. 
However, Cane was adamant, he would be the one, who took care of her need. 
And now, Iris felt good whenever Cane took care of her. This pregnancy was rather exhausting, she would sleep and eat, sleep and eat, Iris felt like she became another version of Lil Thing. 
"Yes, it’s good for the upcoming battle, but we are in winter season now. The main problem for all of us is grain, food. Without the ships from the Karam, we will not be able to survive too. Food is very critical at this moment." Cane finished drying her hair and now, he combed her curls attentively. Her hair was very long, it reached her bottom, but Cane loved it. It looked like cotton candy. 
"Oh!" Iris blinked her eyes when she realized what Cane meant. "Alpha Nolan will have a hard time to feed all the warriors from the Golden Light pack, because he must not count them when he stockpiled food for winter, right?!" 
Cane chuckled to see how Iris was excited with her own answer. "You are smart." He praised her and rewarded her with a kiss on both of her cheeks. 
"They also can’t get any grain from the Black Market because it had been destroyed." Iris added. She felt like, she just got an epiphany to see the bigger picture of Cane’s plan. 
No wonder Ethan was always complaining about how Cane barely explained his plan and they only knew once everything was done and witnessed how their assignments could be compiled and create a grand scheme in Cane’s plot. 
Things only made sense once it was done and their enemy would be very late to realize any of his simple move. 
"Cane! You have planned everything like this since the beginning?!" Iris turned her head and Cane accidentally pulled her hair, because he was combing it. "Auch!" 
"Stay still." Cane rubbed her head and chuckled. "Are you proud of me?" 
"Very!" Iris replied childishly. "You are very genius! My man is very genius!" she stared at his reflection through the mirror and somehow she blushed, as she bit her lip. She couldn’t sit still. 
"No, you are very tired already," Cane said, as he kissed her shoulder. "Not tonight." 
"What?" Iris’s face turned even more red. "I didn’t say anything!" 
"Hm." Cane mumbled against her skin and whispered to her ear. "I can still smell you, you know." 
"You must be wrong." Iris averted her eyes from Cane’s reflection on the mirror, she cleared her throat, trying to change the topic, so her imagination wouldn’t go wild. "So, what about with the people from the Karam? Have they learned about the death of the merchants?" 
"Currently Ethan and Aliana are taking care of it. They are in the Chrystal Moon pack’s harbor with Jace too." 
Iris was glad Aliana, Joel and Celia were fine, but the news about Haco’s condition made her sad, because apparently, he was barely having lucid mind and kept calling for her, mistaking anyone, who took care of him with her. 
Iris didn’t have any idea, why he desperately wanted to see her, but she couldn’t go there right away. Lou was not up for the task, since he had exhausted himself after he saved them all. He was literally bedridden, that was what Ethan wrote in his letter. 
"Are they... fine?" Iris knew the four merchants’ death would bring trouble for them and it would be more complicated if they refused to hand them the grain. 
Not only alpha Nolan, they got additional twenty thousand of holy knights, though it had decreased to around sixteen thousand of them, but this number was pretty significant. 
Money was not the problem here, since Cane and Red Claw pack could buy anything, but it would be useless if there was nothing to buy. 
"I can say Aliana and Ethan are very great with negotiation, despite the fact they used to go overboard, but Jace is there too to keep them in check." 
"I thought Jace will take Aliana back to the pack house." 
"You can say Aliana won the argument." 
Iris chuckled. She could imagine that. Aliana was firm and stubborn. 
For now, Cane and alpha Colter planned to clear the Aggeverya road. This was a long road that stretched from west, east to the south, if they could clear this road, they could join their strength with the warriors and knights from the south. 
Secured their path from the east packs and once they joined each other, they could take down the remaining two packs there. Once it happened, the only thing left was the capital city and the Celestial Moon pack. 
Of course, when you planned something, it wouldn’t go as smooth as you imagine. 
"It sounds easy..." Iris murmured. She munched on her meat, while Cane made tea for her. He had another meeting with alpha Colter and Koda to finalize their plan, but before that, he wanted to spend his time to pamper his pregnant mate and their child. "But I guessed in reality, it will not that easy." 
"You are right, there are a lot of unpredictable elements that could happen." Cane poured hot tea for Iris, because she couldn’t drink or eat chocolate. 
Iris teased Cane that their baby had his taste, because he disliked something sweet. 
"There are this strange movement from the monsters." Cane shared a few information with Iris, after she complained a lot, since he put her in the dark and said the unknown only stressed her out. 
"Shouldn’t the monster lay dormant during winter?" 
"Yes, but apparently, a lot of warriors spotted large or small groups of monsters transmigrated to the north. This is also the reason why it will hard to clear Aggeverya road, because it became the route that the monsters took." 
"It’s strange..." 
"There are a few warriors and Knights fell sick because of the rain." Cane glanced at the window and white snow fell lightly from the gloomy sky. "Even though the black rain had stopped, but the after effect just showed now." 
Iris followed Cane’s line of sight. "Yes, I feel this ominous feeling, but I can’t feel there is an involvement of the black magic." 
"At first, I thought the Serafim will be able to fix whatever it is, but apparently, just like what the rumor said, she is the weakest Serafim in the history." Cane glanced at Iris. 
"Maybe if I tried, I can heal those people, who is sick..." 
"I am sure you can." Cane took her hand toward the bed and both of them cuddled, while Iris wrapped herself inside the blanket. "But, I don’t want you too." 
The number of the sick people had reached a thousand by now, even when Iris said she was fine when she used her power, but who could guarantee she would still be fine to treat such large number of people when she was pregnant? 
"But, you don’t want me to?" Iris lifted her head and stared at Cane’s expression, as if she could read what was in his mind. 
"Yes, I don’t want you to." 
A few days later when they were only two days away from clearing the Aggeverya road, there were two people came from Winter Moon pack and requested to meet with Cane. 
Alpha Nolan made his move to save his son from the enemy’s hand, but this meeting was a secret and Cane got the small letter from Dean, who got it from a strange woman in the town. 
"I am going with you," Iris said after she heard the word ’woman’. 
"You need to rest, this can be dangerous." Cane kissed her cheeks, as she shallowed her meat hurriedly. 
"No, I am going with you. You don’t think that I can’t protect myself, right?" Iris widened her eyes, trying her hardest to look intimidating. 
Dean and Pax looked at each other, they didn’t have any idea how Iris would protect herself when she was the one, who needed heavily protected. 
"I know you can be dangerous some time." 
Iris pouted her lips when Cane teased her. "I am going with you." 
And with the power of her stubbornness, Iris managed to squeeze herself inside the carriage that would bring Cane to the meeting point with that woman. 
They left the pack house secretly with only Dean and Pax with the alibi Iris wanted to see the children that came with them from the Black Market.
###Chapter 705: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (47)
Chapter 705: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (47)
The letter was directed to Cane, where the person that alpha Nolan sent, asked him to meet with them inside a brothel. It was not the fancy one, you could say this brothel must be the cheapest in this area, but giving the context of their meeting, it was understandable. 
Someone like Cane wouldn’t come to this kind of place after all. 
"You need to stop making that face, or you will scare everyone else," Cane teased his mate, who had been very sullen when she watched how half naked women walked in this cold weather, flaunting their curves. 
That was true that the shifter could stand cold very well, but to wear as little clothes as possible, it was simply too much. 
Meanwhile, Iris had to wrap herself so tightly and snuggle close to Cane to keep away this coldness. It was not fair! 
"What face? I don’t make any face," Iris replied, she pouted her lips. 
On the other hand, Cane could only shake his head to see how childish Iris could be when her stubbornness came to the surface. 
"It’s cold outside, you can..." 
"I am going inside with you." Iris cut Cane off before he could finish his words, she knew what he would suggest to her and she was having none of it. She would go with him into the building to meet with this said woman. 
How she could stay inside the carriage when she already went all the way here and watched Cane entered a brothel with almost all the women tried to throw themselves to him, showing their big breasts and asses? 
When the carriage stopped and Dean opened the the door for them, Cane pulled down the hoodie of her cloak to cover her hair and face, as he did the same to himself and helped Iris to get down from the carriage. 
If they could contact this woman, they must have requested to meet in different place, but unfortunately, they could only come here if they really wanted to hear what Alpha Nolan offered. 
Loyalty between the alpha was questionable and you should take as much as possible the opportunity that you could have, having a back up plan was very necessary. 
Based on that, Cane decided to come and heard out what kind of trick that alpha Nolan tried to pull off. 
Yes, right now the alpha Colter and Koda trusted Cane almost one hundred percent, as if they were loyal allies, but it was because they didn’t have any other choice, since he was the strategist for them, but the story could be very different once they put the baby on the throne and held the power they had desired. 
The moment that happened, the power that Cane held could be a threat for them. 
"Okay?" Cane asked when they entered the brothel, where three women, who wore a little to none dress, approached Cane with their coquettish smile plastered on their faces.
However, they stopped dead in their track and their face scrunched when they touched their chests, as if they were having a hard time to breath, allowed Cane and Iris to escape them without any trouble. 
Cane squeezed Iris’s shoulder to warn her not to take things too far, but his mate only gave him an innocent look, as if she didn’t understand what he meant. 
The music blasted along with happy guffaws from men and women, and Iris was very embarrassed when she watched how men got himself a pleasure from three women that he hired for this passionate night. 
The three of them looked very eager to give their customer the best experience ever. The same thing happened at all of the corners and along the corridors, it would be the same sight like this that Iris saw. 
It almost felt like she was walking in one of her father and brother’s party, but of course this one was less fancy. 
"Don’t stare," Cane covered her eyes when he caught his mate was staring at a woman, who gave a man a head. She made her man wailed and cursed harshly, but it was apparent that the two of them enjoyed it immensely. 
Dean and Pax could feel their throat was burning, their cheeks turned red when women tried to invite them to join with them. 
After that, they continued to the second floor, where they would meet with alpha Nolan’s messenger. 
Dean knocked on the door and mentioned the passwords that he had to say before they enter the room, so the other person would be able to know it was indeed Cane and his men. 
"Only one person can enter." 
There was this beautiful and melodic voice from the person inside. By ’one person’, the meaning was very clear that the other person only wished for Cane to come inside. 
It was unsettling to hear woman’s voice from inside the room after what she saw in the first floor. Her mind played all the agitating scenarios possible. 
But, she couldn’t barge in too. 
When Iris was in her own dilemma, Cane grabbed her hand and opened the door, as he took her inside the room and closed the door behind him. 
Now, it was only Cane, Iris and two other women. 
There were two women... which made Iris frowned to see how beautiful and young the two of them and they looked surprised when Cane invited another person into the room after what one of them instructed. 
"I said, it’s only one person, who can enter the room," one of the women, who had this dimple on her left cheek reminded Cane about the condition she gave him. "You need to respect that." 
Silent. 
There was no reply from Cane. Iris thought he would give them a reality check or something and was adamant of how things should go on his term, but this lack of response made Iris lifted her head to see Cane was actually stared at the woman, who was speaking to him earlier, intensely. 
"Didn’t you hear what my sister said?" The other women asked. 
"Amara," Cane blurted out the name and the woman with the dimple, smiled brightly at him. 
"I am glad that you still recognized me even after years had passed, alpha Cane," she said with this gentleness that made Iris’s stomach churned. 
They knew each other? Who were they? 
"Why did your father send you two here?" Cane asked. He and Iris was still standing close to the door, while the two women stood up from their seat and approached them. 
Iris wondered who were they, but after Cane’s question, she seemed to grasp the situation pretty quickly. 
If their father was alpha Nolan, which meant, they were Leane’s siblings. Iris felt not well when she learned that. They probably only two to four years older than her. 
"Just like what have stated in the letter, we are here to give you the information about what happened in the Winter Moon pack and a present, in exchange for our little boy." 
"Say it." 
The two of them stared at Iris. They couldn’t tell, who it was, but from her scent and her figure, they knew it was woman. 
"Only one person," Amara repeated what she said earlier. 
This time, Cane didn’t argue, he simply turned around with Iris close with him. "I will ask one of my men to listen to what you are going to say." 
Amara and Tatiana were surprised because Cane was about to leave, this was not how they expected he would react. 
"Wait!" 
Cane stopped and waited for them to speak, as they looked hesitated, but after some time, Amara pulled something from her pocket and stretched out her hand to Cane. It was a black dagger. 
"This dagger was given by Dexter with an order to hurt you, alpha." Amara held out the dagger for Cane to take. "Dexter had ordered our father to stab your eyes with this and threatened our father with our brother’s life." 
"And now your brother in my hand, he is going to betray Dexter." Cane smiled, but it didn’t touch the coldness in his eyes at all. 
"No, alpha Cane. Ever since the beginning our father is loyal to you and Red Claw pack. Our father will not betray you if it is not because of our brother’s life was in danger." 
"I can see that." 
Amara tried to give the dagger to Cane, as a nice gesture, but the alpha didn’t want to take it. 
"Alpha Cane, the royal family is using black magic and our father heard they revived death people. There are a lot of things that you must learn about it and our father thought what they are doing is not right. We need to stop them." 
"How benevolent..." Iris muttered under her breath and only Cane could hear that. 
In the end, Amara and Tatiana filled Cane with a lot of information about the movement of the royal family and what kind of black magic that lady Cyan was using. 
"... as a gesture of apology from our father, he sent two presents for you, alpha Cane." Amara and Tatian glanced at each other when Cane didn’t give them any response. 
The two women took a step closer toward Cane and all of sudden, they took off their cloak, in which they didn’t wear anything beneath it, exposed their nakedness. 
"We will replace our little brother as your hostage. You can do whatever with us." 
Amara and Tatiana offered themselves to Cane. 
On the other hand, there was this a pregnant woman, who was extremely unhappy with this sight.
###Chapter 706: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (48)
Chapter 706: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (48)
Cane recognized Amara right away because she was the only sibling, who born from the same mother like Leane. 
Amara was only fifteen years old when Leane moved to the Howling Wolf pack. It was one of Cane’s memory about her, because she cried a lot knowing she would be separated from her sister. Both of them were so close. 
And now, she was a grown up woman, Cane could see why Nolan sent her here. Amara resembled Leane so much, Cane was taken a back when he saw her for the first time after years. 
This must be the daughter that Nolan told him looked exactly like Leane, while the other one, she must be only an additional for Cane’s ’present’. 
"We are yours now, alpha Cane," Amara repeated what she said earlier, her long hair cascaded down her back, her nipples pointed and her breasts blushed, as red as her face, but Iris was seeing red. 
The luna was extremely unhappy with this situation, she immediately turned Cane’s body around, forcing him to face the close door, while she yanked her hoodie to reveal herself, which further made the two women startled, especially when they received a glare that filled with hostility from her. 
"Put on your cloak!" Iris was seething. 
Laluna’s existence was already put her in bad mood, not to mention she seemed to find a way to meet Cane, creating the whole encounter as if it was a coincidence, but here they were, two women stripped naked willingly in front of Cane! 
The thought that Cane happened to reject her to come only made her even angrier. 
Amara and Tatiana looked so scared, as they scrambled to put on their cloaks. They didn’t know why, but the sight of Iris was terrified them, even when her figure was smaller than them and they knew very well, she was only a runt, their father told them not to mind this luna, because she didn’t hold a real power. 
"So, this is the present from Nolan!?!" Iris asked through her gritted teeth. She didn’t even address the alpha with his title, showing how much she didn’t care about it. "I can see he didn’t have a taste at all!" 
Behind her small figure, Cane was listening to his mate dealt with the situation, a small smile curled on the corner of his lips, though he was worried it would upset their baby if she was being too emotional, but if he interrupted Iris, he was afraid, her anger would be directed at him instead. 
"Luna Iris..." Amara spoke, she clutched the front of his cloak, while Tatiana stood behind her, hiding from the luna’s wrath behind her sister’s back. 
"What made your father think Cane will agree with that?" Iris asked them sharply. 
"I don’t know, luna Iris..." Amara replied, she lowered her head. "I am sorry to upset you, but we just followed what our father told us to do." 
Iris’s anger ceased slightly when she saw how scared they were. This was not something they wanted to do too. She had heard how alpha Nolan didn’t care much about his daughter, since he had a lot of them. 
"Cover your face, you will come with us," Iris said, she turned around and opened the door, as she ushered Cane out of the room, looked upset.
Once they were out, Iris told Dean and Pax that the two women would come with them and looked for other horses for them. There was no way she would put Amara and Tatiana in the same carriage with her and Cane. 
Dean and Pax glanced at Cane, they wanted to get this confirmation from their alpha, because it was not usual for the luna to be the one, who gave an order, but seeing their alpha said nothing and their luna was very angry, they could only oblige to her request and did what they were told. 
"You look upset," Cane said, as he followed Iris from behind, watching how she waddled through the half or fully naked people in this brothel. With her thick cloak, she looked out of place and some people actually stared at her, trying to see her face under her hoodie. 
Iris said nothing, she walked ahead of Cane, but when the exit door was opened, she backed off as the cold wind gushed over. She shivered and retreated to snuggle against her mate, which made Cane laughed. 
"Don’t laugh at me!" 
"Okay." 
Cane helped her to get into the carriage and she immediately snuggled against him again, when Cane got in too. 
"What kind of present was that?!" Iris openly showed her annoyance. "Why alpha Nolan thought you will accept them?" Iris lifted her head to look at Cane’s reaction when he answered her. 
"Because Amara is very similar to Leane. The two of them came from the same mother." Cane didn’t have any intention to lie to Iris about this, but still this was not the answer that would make Iris happy. 
In the end, Amara and Tatiana met with their brother, but Cane didn’t give any respond to alpha Nolan’s letter, who were asking about his son. 
Cane also told alpha Colter and Koda about this. They wanted to have Amara and Tatiana and made them slave, but Cane was against it. They had another important thing to do now. 
Aggeverya road. 
The battle had started to happen in the Aggeverya road, the royal warrior and the other two remaining packs defended the place with everything they had, but the longer the battle happened, the more the royal warriors were pressured to withdraw and surrender the territory. 
Food became a great problem too during this winter, especially when the Moon Dew pack lost the black market and half of the merchant and the people, who did business there were killed during the attack, now once the news about it were spread widely, the royals were condemned by people from the other continent about what they had done. 
It was only a matter of time before they sought for revenge, since the sea was frozen during the winter, thus there was nothing they could do to reach this continent. 
The vicious and barbaric battle lasted for a month before Cane and the other could secure the road and they could connect the south and the west. 
The news about it lifted their moral, especially the warriors and knights, because during that one month battle, they lost so many people. They had to cremate their fellow comrades or sent the dead body back to their respective pack, so their family could give them a proper burial, if they still had family, but if they didn’t, they would make a public funeral for the fallen warriors. 
Alpha Colter and Koda were thrilled, because with this victory, they were a step closer to the throne, but of course, Koda had not yet forgotten about how alpha Colter was actually trying to stab him by suggesting Cane to mate with Laluna and discard him as the regent. 
On the surface, their dynamic looked great, but beneath... it was hard to tell. 
"Luna Iris..." Laluna came to see Iris like usual. It had been a week, since she made this kind of weird ritual, to meet Iris everyday with the pretense she wanted to thank her for saving her son, which would be more helpful and Iris could be more grateful, if Laluna just left her alone. "You look so great in white cloak!" 
"Thank you." Iris smiled softly. 
Until now, Laluna and the other still didn’t have any idea about the existence of Della, since they wouldn’t lower themselves to bother with a maid. 
Currently, Della and Aderant looked after the children that came with them from the Black Market, Amara and Tatiana also lived there. 
"Where are you going? Are you seeing Ezra again?" Laluna asked, she had asked around and pretty much knew Iris’s routine. Alpha Colter and Koda felt deceived because Iris’s intention was not for mining diamond from the white diamond tiger like she tried to portray, but in the end of the day, there was nothing they could do when the deal was done. 
"Yes," Iris replied calmly, Dean followed behind her, while Pax were with Cane. Her mate had been away for two days now and Iris missed him terribly. 
"It has been a while I didn’t see Ezra, I will come with you too," Laluna said cheerfully. 
Iris didn’t know why she suddenly became friendly with her, but for whatever reason, she didn’t feel comfortable. 
Iris didn’t say anything and entered the room, where Ezra was sitting on the floor, playing with his toy. Iris got him toy when she went to the town and meet with the children from the black market. 
"Ezra," Iris called his name, in which he turned his head and immediately stood up to run toward her, his face beamed with happiness to see the luna, but his step halted when he saw the woman, who came with her. "I don’t think Ezra is comfortable with you here, Laluna, can you leave us alone?" 
Laluna’s face turned bright red when she heard that, she was about to respond, but something caught her attention. 
"Iris..." Laluna furrowed her brows when his eyes fell on her stomach. Iris was wearing thick cloak and usually, she would wear dark color, therefore when she was wearing white today, it was clear to see her swollen stomach. "Are you... are you pregnant?" she blinked her eyes in disbelieve. 
"Oh, yes! I am pregnant!" Iris replied, a smirk on her lips.
###Chapter 707: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (49)
Chapter 707: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (49)
Laluna always thought that Iris was not capable of being pregnant, especially after more than a year she had been with Cane. She also had not yet given up with the idea of being Cane’s mate. As long as Iris had not yet given the firstborn for the alpha, her opportunity was still opened widely for her to try her chance. 
However, she was very shock when she learned what happened. Iris was actually pregnant and from the look of it, it must not be an early pregnancy, how long it was? 
Because it was winter and due to her petite figure, it was so easy to hide her swollen belly, especially when she wore dark cloak and you didn’t pay close attention. 
But, today was different. In Laluna’s mission to be close with Iris in order to get her saw her point to share Cane with her, since she couldn’t bear his child, Laluna was stunned to learn Iris was actually with a child! 
"How... how long are you?" Laluna tried to control herself, but it was very apparent that she was taken aback by this revelation. 
"Six months," Iris replied, while caressing her stomach, while Ezra crept closer to her and hugged her. He didn’t like this woman, even though he had never seen before when he was being tortured, but he didn’t like her. 
"You... you were pregnant when you came here?" Laluna was shocked beyond words. So, when she suggested for Cane to take her as his mate with the reason Iris couldn’t give him a child, she was actually pregnant?! 
Laluna’s face turned very red because of the embarrassment. 
"Yes, that’s why I spent a lot of time inside the room, because I used to feel lethargic, but I feel better now." Iris caressed Ezra’s white hair, he didn’t say much to other people, but he started to open up with Dean and Pax, and of course, he became very clingy with Iris. 
Iris didn’t mind it, because she really needed something to distract her from being worried whenever Cane was away to the Aggeverya road. 
"I..." Laluna stammered, her eyes fell on Iris’s stomach again. "I don’t know about that..." 
"You must not pay much attention on me," Iris said it lightly, but Laluna blushed. 
Of course, after Iris saved her baby, she didn’t pay close attention to her until recently, because her focus was on Cane, but now she had another method to convince the alpha to take her as his mate, she heard this shocking news. 
"Cane and I decided not to make it public about my pregnancy and let the other people to learn about this on their own." Iris took Ezra into the room, but before that she spoke softly to Laluna. "If you don’t mind, can you please leave us alone? Because Ezra is not comfortable with other people yet. He must be very traumatized by what he had gone through." 
Laluna’s face turned even redder when she heard what Iris tried to imply. She nodded awkwardly and congratulate Iris for her pregnancy. 
"I wish all the best for you and the baby." It sounded very stiff and ingenuine, but Iris couldn’t care less, as she thanked Laluna for her wish. 
After that, Dean closed the door behind him, as he joined Iris and Ezra after Laluna left. 
"Is it okay now to let other people knew about your pregnancy, luna?" Dean looked worried for her. 
Iris sat down on the sofa, while Ezra took a toy from the floor to give it to Iris, asking her to play with him. 
"Can you write a letter for Cane, inform him that Laluna has learned about my pregnancy." Iris wanted Cane to be aware of this too, just in case, Laluna would create trouble when she learned about this. Iris didn’t have the patient to deal with her, if she had any indication wanting to harm her baby and herself. 
"Yes, luna," Dean replied, he didn’t waste time, as he started to write for the alpha. 
By this time, almost all the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack could read and write, even when they didn’t learn it directly from Iris, since the other warriors would help their fellow comrade to learn. 
Later that night, Laluna asked for a dinner together, but Iris turned it down, by saying she had early dinner and was about to go to sleep now. 
After that, Laluna had been pestering her about her pregnancy and sent a lot of food to her, where Iris didn’t touch it at all. She became cautious with what she ate. Even though, there was no indication Laluna would harm the baby and when Dean tried the food there was no reaction on him, Iris didn’t want to take the risk. 
It was a pity that she had to waste so many food that Laluna sent to her, especially during this time when they were trying to go through winter, thus she sent them to Della and Aderan. 
A week later, their victory upon the Aggeverya road was solidified, which it opened the path for south warriors and knights to meet with the west. They had put a lot of warriors and knights to secure this road. 
But another factor that allowed them to win this war, aside from Moon Dew pack, Winter Moon pack and the royal warriors were being outnumbered was because they had problem with their food supply. Some of the warriors were dead because of the illness from the black rain and because no one from their side could cure the strange illness, they had to meet with their demise. 
"Luna Iris, they are here!" Dean informed Iris when she played with Ezra in her bedroom near the fireplace. She taught him how to draw. 
"Really? Where are they?" Iris immediately stood up and Ezra looked confused, whether he had to follow her out of the bedroom or stayed, since Iris didn’t give him any instruction, thus he chose to run after Iris when she walked out of the room with Dean. 
In the front yard of the pack house, Iris could see three carriages were approaching and her heart swelled with happiness to see Aliana waved her hand from the window. 
"Aliana! I really missed you!" Iris approached Aliana, she hugged her tightly, while the other people got off the carriage one by one. 
"Be careful, luna," Aliana giggled, she warned her because she really looked pregnant right now. She was worried if Iris fell or tripped on her own feet. 
Behind Aliana, it was her five personal warriors. It was sad that Asher and Reed couldn’t be here with them, but Iris was still grateful that she could still see the other people. 
There was Zale and Lil Thing, who seemed not yet recovered from its tiny size. After that, Ethan and Jace, followed by Lou in his tacky red color cloak. The color made him very stood out among the other people. 
Joel and Finn came along too. 
Zale was about to approach Iris, but he halted his step when he saw there was another little boy clung onto the luna. His sharp gaze made Ezra hid behind Iris even more, but right now, the luna didn’t pay close attention to him, because she was so happy to see the other people and currently engage in conversation with Jace. 
"You are pregnant, luna?!" the beta was shocked, his jaw dropped. "When?! Since when you were pregnant?! Why I have never heard about this news?!" The beta threw a dagger look at his gamma and his little sister. 
The discussion with the Karam people about the death of their merchant could go well because of Aliana’s skill to navigate the conversation and added to the fact the alpha let Aliana herself, who decided whether she wanted to go back to the pack or not, of course, Aliana didn’t want to go back. 
With that, Jace and Ethan couldn’t say otherwise. Both of them were not happy with this situation, but Aliana simply ignored their sullen mood. 
"How long are you, luna?!" Joel and Finn came closer to Iris and congratulate her, they didn’t know about this and were extremely happy to hear this news after one month long hearing horrendous thing about the battle in the Aggeverya road. 
Zale shifted his attention from the white hair little boy behind the luna’s back and paid close attention to her belly. She was indeed pregnant. 
"I am almost seven months now," Iris replied with a beautiful smile on her face, she beamed with happiness to see the familiar faces that she knew. Her heart was very warm to be surrounded by people that matter to her, though there were a few faces that was missing. 
Jace was flabbergasted, he looked around him, but aside from Joel, Finn and Zale, it seemed, everyone had already learned about her pregnancy, even Lou didn’t look surprise with this news. 
Jace couldn’t accept this, he pulled Ethan aside. "Did you already know about this?" he asked the gamma in low voice. 
"Yes, I did." 
"Why didn’t you tell me?" 
"Because the alpha wanted to keep it as long as possible. Cane and Iris agreed to let people learn about it naturally." 
Jace felt like he was being betrayed. "You are not serious, right? You even kept this a secret from me?" 
"Stop being dramatic, you have been taking care of the Howling Wolf pack all this time," Ethan replied lightly, he averted his gaze when Aliana looked at his way. He had been avoiding her. 
"I can’t believe this..." Jace groaned.
###Chapter 708: THE BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (50)
Chapter 708: THE BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (50)
"Alpha Cane, congratulation about the baby!" alpha Colter congratulated Cane, he patted his shoulder and gave a fatherly speech to him about fatherhood. Koda also did the same thing.
There was this subtle tension Cane could feel from Koda to alpha Colter. He was not sure how Koda would scheme against alpha Colter for his desired to intervene with his plan as the regent, but it didn’t take genius to say Koda wouldn’t let it slide, the information he got from Cane about what alpha Colter and Laluna were trying to do behind his back. 
"Congratulation, alpha Cane! I hope this baby will have the royal golden eyes!" Koda congratulated Cane. The enthusiasm that he showed in his voice, didn’t reach his eyes at all. One more royal family, it meant, one more people to be a threat for the throne. 
"Ah!" alpha Colter shook his head. "That’s right. What happened with the false claim must be very upsetting. But, I wonder why didn’t you kill that woman and the baby?" 
"That’s not necessary," Cane replied coldly. They were trying to say there was a possibility of Iris was having another man’s baby and reminding him about Sofia in the same breath. 
"Don’t be too soft. Such crime deserved death punishment." Koda tried to pat his shoulder like what alpha Colter did, but Cane moved away subtly, as if he didn’t see it coming and went away to approach the holy knights instead. 
"I am going to talk about logistic with the other knights, I will leave the rest to both of you." 
With that, Cane extricated himself from a wasteful conversation. He had received a letter from Iris that informed him about how Laluna had learned about her pregnancy, therefore, he was not surprised when alpha Colter and Koda knew immediately. 
He had sent an group of people to be with Iris, now the Aggeverya road had been secured, they could commute safely. 
"Cedric!" Cane called the head of the holy knights. 
"Alpha Cane." Cedric nodded politely to the alpha. "There is no problem here, our watcher said the enemy is taking the Winter Moon pack’s gates as their stronghold. There are no activities from there." 
Cedric told him about a few more things and how they needed to be wise with their food supply. The four ships from Karam had been docked in the Chrystal Moon pack, because they couldn’t go back to their continent, since the sea had frozen faster than they expected. 
This fact that Aliana used to make them quiet, as they had to spend four more months in this continent, so they really needed to drop the issue about the death of their merchants and accepted it as an incident during the battle. Aliana also put all the blame on alpha Gallot with the example of how he destroyed the black market. 
Alpha Gallot would have coughed blood if he learned about this absurd accusation, since they didn’t even do anything to the merchants, he didn’t even know their existences. 
"I don’t think they will try to do anything right now, they must be having difficulty with food supply. Keep watching." 
At the beginning, Cedric was not comfortable to work with the shifter, especially when they had to work together in a battle. The strategy that they used were completely different. 
More so, there was this stigma in his continent, where they saw the shifters less than human, since they had their beast side. They used to see them like an animal, instead of human. 
But to Cedric surprised, Cane let him tried to use his method and as a result... two thousand holy knights were wiped off without mercy. His plan was completely failed. 
’We are fighting against my kind, if you don’t try to understand the way my kind’s thinking, you will not be able to survive another battle against them.’ 
That was what Cane said to him. The alpha saw through him how his people looked down on his kind and underestimated their strength and intelligence, and the price Cedric had to pay was losing two thousand of his people under his command in a single battle less than two hours. 
"What about the Serafim? How many people did she manage to heal?" 
When the black rain stopped pouring down, there were many people became sick, started with the children and the elderly and now the knights and warriors contracted the same disease. 
Even though the number of people, who became sick was not as significant as before when the black rain still poured down, the Serafim was still having a hard time to catch up. Many people died because the Serafim fell sick because she was too exhausted and slowly, the good image the pack member had for the Serafim, crumbled. 
Gradually, it became an internal problem within Cane’s alliance. 
"She has been resting for the last two days, because she overworked herself." Cedric felt uncomfortable to talk about this and Cane knew this, that’s why he continued the conversation. 
One could say he was holding a grudge and he remembered very well, how these knights looked down on his kind. 
Cane’s method of showing them how they were not superior was very subtle, Cedric wouldn’t realize it. 
"I hope she can get well soon. People has been worried with her absence." Cane had a hunch that Iris could cure the sick people, but seeing how everything took toll on the Serafim, he didn’t even want to give the suggestion. 
"I heard your luna has a great healing ability and the baby’s curse managed to be lifted thanked to her. Why don’t we tried to see whether she could help in this matter or not?" 
"She is pregnant." Cane revealed this information. Sooner or later, he must learn about this too. "She has been very tired already without giving her another thing to do. There is a new life within her." 
Cedric was surprised, but he congratulated Cane and knew the alpha wouldn’t agree with the suggestion, so he dropped the topic. 
Two days later, there was a messenger from their enemy, but it set all the warrior from the Howling Wolf pack in an uproar, because this was the first time for them to see Aria. They believed Aria had died, all of them watched her last moment when she was hanged on the gallows. 
Yet, she walked across the distance between the two parties by herself, very much alive. 
"Alpha! You need to see this!" Pax rushed toward Cane’s tent to inform it right away, where Cane and the other had been discussing their next strategy to attack the last packs in the east and then marched toward the capital city to take the throne. 
"How impudent! You need to announce yourself first before you barged in!" Koda snarled at Pax for his interruption. 
"What is it?" Cane immediately stood up and approached Pax. If his warrior dropped all the courtesy and looked panic like this, there must be something really important that happened. 
"Aria! Aria is here! She is alive!" Pax said, his voice was shaking, his eyes widened in disbelieve upon seeing what he had seen. 
"Who is Aria?" alpha Colter watched Cane rushed out of the tent. 
"I think that alpha Cane’s mistress, but I thought she had died," Koda replied. 
"Died?" Cedric frowned. 
The three of them immediately followed Cane out to see what was going on, but the alpha had shifted into his beast and went ahead to the outer perimeter, where he found Aria was standing still in this vast snow with thin dress hugged her body. She was carrying something on both of her hands. Two bundles. 
"Cane..." Aria sighed deeply when she finally managed to see Cane. "We finally met again." 
The last time they met was when Aria stabbed Cane with dagger. He didn’t expect that and was actually taken aback to see Aria for the first time when he thought she already died. 
"I missed you, Cane." 
"How can you be still alive?" 
Behind Cane, there were Pax and a few other shifters and knights, they were standing far enough, so the conversation between Cane and Aria couldn’t be heard. 
"That’s the first thing you wanted to say to me after all this time we have not met with each other?" Aria scrunched her brows, her red eyes stared at Cane with deep hatred and yearning. "Are you still mad because I stabbed you the last time we met?" 
Cane said nothing, his eyes directed at the two bundles in Aria’s hands, while she kept talking to him. 
"Did you hate me so bad? I admitted that I had done something wrong. I know I was at fault, but how could you kill me? You didn’t even come to see me on that day of the punishment. Cane, can’t you forgive me? You know the reason why I did what had done, my hatred blinded me, only if you threw away that woman and chose me this time, this whole battle didn’t need to happen. I will be by your side, like the old time." 
"You didn’t answer my question, Aria. How can you be still alive?" 
Aria gritted her teeth. "You didn’t even care about me." The yearning in her red eyes turned into rage, as she threw the two bundles that she had been holding all this time to Cane’s feet. "Last chance, Cane. Come with me." 
The bundles rolled on the ground and stopped at Cane’s feet, from inside, two heads rolled over. 
It was Arthur and Mal’s head. They were captured and beheaded.
###Chapter 709: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (51)
Chapter 709: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (51)
"It’s still not too late, Cane." Aria watched Cane stared at the two heads of his spies around his feet with expressionless face. He was still this cold and callous person after all this time, even seeing his fellow people, couldn’t ruffle his calmness. "Come with me, Cane. You will not be able to win this war. I am sure you already knew that this war is not about the throne only." 
For alpha Colter and Koda, they saw this war as a way to put the baby on the throne, it was all about power, but for Cane and the people from the Holy Kingdom, they knew there were more, there was something deeper and darker. 
"Cane, come with me. Let me be the one, who saved you this time." Aria stretched out her hand, she took a step closer toward Cane because he didn’t give any respond. Decratic had promised him to her. He said as long as Cane was willing to come with her, he could make him wanted her, replaced the bond between him and Iris to be with her. 
"I don’t need your saving, Aria." Cane bent down his body and took the head of Arthur and Mal. They had been looking for their bodies, but couldn’t find them. Now, Aria had brought back their heads, he could bury them in their pack. Took them home. "You are dead to me." 
Aria couldn’t believe with how callous Cane was with her. He didn’t even spare her a glance when he turned around and was about to leave. 
"Alpha Nolan asked for his son! You have gotten two of his daughters, now he demanded his son!" Aria tried to approach Cane, she had not yet done with him. "What have you done with his daughters?! Did you take them as your mistresses? Did you enjoy your time with them?! If you took them, you should return his son! Why are you being very greedy, Cane?!" 
Aria felt her heart was swollen with anger and jealousy. She was very mad when she learned alpha Nolan sent two of his daughters to Cane, especially when it was Amara. She knew very well, how Amara resembled her previous missy so much. How could Cane refuse that temptation? 
Alpha Nolan didn’t remember Aria immediately when lady Cyan took her to meet with him. Of course, why would an alpha, who couldn’t care less about his own daughter would care about her daughter’s maid? But, alpha Nolan learned that Aria actually had died, but being revived by dark magic. That was all he knew. 
However, Aria stopped walking when Cane glanced over his shoulder, the coldness in his eyes froze her, it was even colder than this winter. 
Cane put down one of the head and fished out something from his waist before he threw it toward Aria with an extreme accuracy, where the blade grazed her cheek and black blood oozed out from the wound. 
"Give that back to Nolan." 
That was the dagger that Amara gave to him, the same dagger Dexter gave to Nolan to ruin Cane’s eyes. 
After saying that, Cane picked the head again and headed back to his people, leaving Aria alone there. She was still shocked after Cane threw the dagger at her. 
Did he want to kill her?! 
Cane had changed, he had changed so much! She couldn’t recognize him. 
=========================== 
"Grace will come tomorrow, so we can check on the baby," Aliana said, as she prepared Iris’s lunch. 
Iris became a little bit more relax with Aliana was here, because she didn’t need to worry about the food she was eating after she told her about what Laluna had been doing all this time, sending food to inviting her for having meal together. 
"Will Cane come?" Iris put Lil Thing on her lap, she caressed its white fur. Its size was still so small, no wonder it was called Lil Thing, as it turned out, this was its original size. 
"I am not sure, there is no news regarding the alpha whether he will come or not." Aliana sat down in front of Iris and reassured her that knowing the alpha, he would rush back to be by her side if he could. "He will rather be with you than to be surrounded by those bulky knights and shifters." 
Iris laughed when she heard that, but then she heard commotion from outside the door and Lou’s voice travelled inside. 
Currently, Iris was inside the white diamond tiger’s room and tried to make Ezra comfortable with Aliana too, but he was more interested with Lil Thing. Right now, he was curling himself on the bed, sleeping, but was woken up by Lou’s loud voice. 
"I am really going to kick his ass!" Aliana groaned, she stood up and opened the door harshly. "What do you want?!" She asked Lou after she closed the door behind her, but to his surprised, Ethan was there too along with the other five Iris’s personal warriors. 
"I want to see Iris! It has been two days since I arrived, how she can still ignore me?!" Lou was unsettling with the fact Iris was still angry with him with the children. 
"What are you doing here?" Aliana stared at Ethan, bewildered. "Why don’t you take him away from here?" 
"He is my back up!" Lou replied smugly. 
However, to Aliana and the other’s surprised, Ethan’s answer was not something they expected. "Let him to meet with Iris, so he will stop pestering her." 
"Are you, okay?" Aliana furrowed her brows. 
"If you can’t let him enter the room, let me talked with Iris first." Ethan walked past Aliana and entered the room, but Lou was blocked when he wanted to come with Ethan too. 
"Don’t you dare to back off from our deal, gamma!" Lou shouted. 
Meanwhile, inside the room, Ethan approached Iris, who was sitting on the chair with Lil Thing on her lap, while Ezra watched him cautiously. He sat down on the chair across from her. 
"Iris, can you meet with Lou for a while? He only wanted to explain about the children in the black market. Just heard him out for two minutes after that you can kick him out." 
Iris felt off with the way Ethan was speaking. This was not like his usual cheerful self. He looked very different from the gamma she knew. 
"Iris?" Ethan called her name when she didn’t give any response. 
"Why are you angry, Ethan?" Iris asked after some time. She could see how restless and agitated his wolf spirit was, something was not right with him. He had been very quiet ever since they met again and she thought, he only exhausted, but now she could see it clearly that was not the case. 
"I am not." 
"Yes, you are." 
"I am not." 
Iris scrunched her nose because of how stubborn Ethan was. She had seen that expression when he looked upset when he thought he was going to receive death sentence from king Aeon. It was a memory from a year ago, but his expression was the same like right now. helplessness, agitated, annoyed, unsettling, anxious and a lot more. 
However, Ethan tried to bottle it up. 
Iris stood up, she handed Lil Thing to Ezra and approached Ethan, she stood next to him, who was still sitting on the chair. "I know you are angry and sad, but why? This is not the gamma that I know." 
"I am still handsome." 
Iris giggled lightly when she heard that and hugged him. Ethan didn’t reject her. It was nice to receive a hug when you really needed it, more so when he could feel how warm Iris was, he felt like the raging storm inside of him was calming down a little. 
"I heard that. What kind of deal you have with him?" Iris caressed his head, as he closed his eyes. 
"Cane will kill me if he saw this." 
Iris laughed again and let him go. "Count this as me saving your life." She pulled her chair to sit next to Ethan. "Now tell me, what’s the deal?" 
Ethan was reluctant to tell Iris about what happened and what he had done when he begged Lou to help him, but at this point, he felt this urge to tell her about everything, it had been weighing his mind and heart and once he did, everything came out of his mouth naturally. 
About his worries, his fears, his anger and everything. Was this the feeling that Cane felt when he confided in her? Ethan wondered when he felt better after rambling some other nonsense, while Iris was only there, sitting and listening to him. 
"I know he is annoying, arrogance and someone that I don’t want to associate with, but I couldn’t deny the fact he had helped with everything he had during that critical time. He risked everything to use all of his remaining power to help and no matter how annoying it is, I will be forever grateful for what he had done." 
Ethan then glanced at the door and lowered his voice when he spoke again. 
"Don’t even tell a single soul that I said that, okay?" Ethan shifted his attention to Ezra, who had been listening to the conversation. "Including you, understood?" 
Ezra blinked his eyes and nodded, still hugging Lil Thing. 
"I will talk with Lou if you promised me you will talk with Aliana." 
"Is this a threat?" Ethan looked unhappy, but slowly, he returned to his usual self. 
Iris shrugged her shoulders nonchalantly. "You can say so."
###Chapter 710: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (52)
Chapter 710: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (52)
Ethan felt a lot better after he talked with Iris. He didn’t have any idea why, but her presence was very calming and even when she didn’t say anything, the fact that she listened to him without judging him was enough for him. 
Was it because she was going to be a mother, thus her presence became very comforting? 
"Fine, I will talk with her. I don’t think I will be able to avoid her for long." Ethan stood up from the chair and then glanced at her stomach. "Can I?" he raised his hand with a grin. 
"The baby is sleeping." Iris knew what Ethan meant, he wanted to feel the baby’s movement. The last time, he was ecstatic when he was allowed to feel the baby. 
"What a pity..." Ethan sighed, but his eyes lit up again. "We are going to meet with the baby around two months from now, right? Do you have any idea is the baby boy or girl?" 
Iris chuckled. "I don’t know." 
And after that, they conversed about the baby briefly before Ethan walked out of the room and informed Lou that he could go inside and meet with Iris. 
"Iris said she wanted to meet with him." Ethan held Aliana back when she wanted to go inside too. "Let’s them talk alone." 
Aliana raised her brows when she heard this, but she crossed her arms stubbornly. "I don’t understand with you, Ethan. Why are you acting like this? Why are you taking his side now?" 
Eron and Dyne looked at each other. The other warriors felt like this situation was rather confusing. They didn’t think Lou fell into category of dangerous, but he obviously fell into annoying category. Yet, Ethan and Lou had never seen something eye to eye, but now the gamma took his side. 
"Because he saved your life," Ethan replied with a sigh. 
"Right! I saved your life, at least, showed some respect to your savior!" Lou chimed in, but Ethan glared at him to not provoke Aliana. 
"How could he save my life?" Aliana frowned at Lou and then looked at Ethan. "Why are you acting so weird? Stop avoiding me, I don’t understand with your attitude recently. If you have a problem talk to me." 
Ethan stared at Aliana as she rambled about how he ignored her. Was she really dense? Or she just pretended she didn’t know the obvious reason? Ethan had enough. 
Amidst Aliana complained, he leaned over and captured her lips. The kiss lasted for less than two seconds, it could be barely called as a kiss, but all of them gasped and froze, as if the winter became even colder and they didn’t know how to react with what they were seeing. 
"Stop talking like you don’t understand. You know how I feel, Aliana." 
That was the only thing that Ethan said before he strode away, leaving them flabbergasted, especially Aliana. She didn’t even react at all when Lou sneaked into the room and met with Iris, while the other five warriors felt the atmosphere became very awkward. They couldn’t leave, but they didn’t know what to do if they stayed. 
Ugh! Why would Ethan act very impulsive like that?! 
"Iris!" Lou wailed once he was inside the room and saw Iris was eating her meal. "Can you believe it? I just tainted my eyes! That gamma tainted my innocent eyes!" 
"There is nothing about you is innocent, Lou." 
Lou clicked his tongue. "Do you know that the crazy gamma was kissing that crazy woman a moment ago?" 
Iris’s eyes lit up. "Really?!" 
Seeing that, Lou was speechless, he then looked at Ezra, who was holding Lil Thing and decided to drop the topic about Ethan. 
"It seems, you have gotten what you wanted." Lou nodded at Ezra. "Diamond from white diamond tiger has great quality. The more he is in pain, the better the quality of the diamond." 
Hearing that, Ezra scurried away to the bathroom with the sleeping Lil Thing. 
"Lou!" Iris glared at him. "If that’s all you wanted to say, you can leave!" 
Lou raised both of his hands. "I only wanted to break the ice!" 
This merchant surely had a weird way to break the ice. 
"I only wanted to say that he can make a great profit." Lou immediately cleared his throat when he saw Iris was not happy with his comment. "Okay, I will explain about the children in the black market." 
Even though Iris wanted to kick him out of the room and go to comfort Ezra right away, but she wanted to give Lou a chance to explain himself, just like what Ethan said. No matter what, Lou had done the unthinkable when he saved Aliana and the other three people’s lives, which rendered him to be bedridden for weeks. 
That was why, he couldn’t meet with Iris sooner, he was also not in the condition where he could open the portal, since his mana flow had not yet stable. It would endanger his life, if he forced himself like before. 
However, his justification about using the children for the black market was not really helpful, if anything, Iris became even more upset with him. 
"If you don’t buy the children from their seller, they would have died because there are people, who bought children for their experiment or did menial work?" Iris was speechless. "So, what do you think you were doing to them?! You did exactly the same thing!" 
"But, that’s how things worked in black market, Iris..." Lou explained helplessly, trying to justify his action by saying it was a common thing there. 
But, Iris couldn’t comprehend his logic. "They are scum people, who treated children like that, but so do you for what you have done to them!" 
"You are too kind, Iris. That’s not how things work in this world." Lou became frustrated. The sight of her swollen stomach didn’t make him felt better. He didn’t like the fact Iris was pregnant with that jerk of an alpha. "Okay, okay." He threw his arms up. "I will release the children. You can take them with you. Treat this as my gift for your pregnancy." 
Iris didn’t feel right to receive such gift, more so, Lou didn’t seem to understand what she meant, he only didn’t want to argue with her. 
"Are we fine now?" 
Sighing deeply, she took the situation as it was. "Don’t use children for anything like that again." 
"Okay." 
And after talking about a few trivial things, Iris yawned, she felt sleepy and Lou escorted her back to her bedroom next to this room. 
"Do you want me to tuck you in?" Lou asked, in which he received vicious growls from the five warriors behind him. He ignored that and waited for Iris’s answer seriously. 
Iris rolled her eyes dramatically when she heard that. "I was about to thank you for what you have done, but maybe I will thank you later when I really meant what I said, because you annoyed me now." 
"Ah! You can thank me..." Lou didn’t have time to finish his words when the door was closed and the other five warriors ushered him away. "Ugh! This is annoying!" he grumbled as he walked away. 
One week later, Cane, Koda and Grace arrived at the pack house, along with a few warriors and Knights, but to Iris’s surprise, the Serafim came with them too. 
"Cane!" Iris immediately approached Cane and hugged her mate tightly, she missed him so bad, because they had been away from each other for so long. 
However, she immediately released herself when she saw there were a few people around them, embarrassed. 
Cane put her arm around her waist and didn’t seem to be flustered at all, while Laluna stared at their interaction with an incomprehensible gaze, while holding her baby. She had been trying to come close to Iris, but she couldn’t, especially now when Aliana was around. 
"The weather is too cold for my mate, I will take her back and get some rest." Cane resigned himself from the people that gathered there. 
It was not that Cane didn’t notice how Koda wanted to have a talk with him and how the Serafim wished to have a conversation with Iris. 
They supposed to arrive here five days ago, but because the Serafim was adamant to come along, they had to postpone their travel back, so she could come. 
Cane thought, he already gave them more than enough and now, he only wanted to be with his mate, but before that, there was another thing he needed to check first. 
"Luna, it’s nice to see you again." Grace smiled happily to see how Iris looked healthy and vibrant. Now it had made a public that Iris was pregnant, it was only a matter of time before this good news reached the Howling Wolf pack. 
"Grace! I am so happy to see you again!" Iris hugged her and Grace was a little bit surprised by how warm she welcomed her. Iris didn’t notice her before, because Cane immediately took her back to their bedroom. 
"Sit down here and let Grace to check on you." Cane glanced at the table, there were a lot of snacks there and Iris noticed what he was seeing. 
"Uhm, I am easily hungry recently." Her appetite was good, but she barely could go an hour without eating anything, unless she was sleeping. 
Cane said nothing, he caressed her head and waited for Grace to check on her. 
"Heaven!" the healer breathed in surprised, which made Cane and Iris became tensed.
###Chapter 711: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (53)
Chapter 711: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (53)
Cane’s body was stiffened when he heard how surprised Grace was when she checked on Iris. His jaw clenched tightly, as all the negative thoughts invaded his mind. 
He lost Leane and their baby when she was eight months pregnant and now, Iris was only seven months, somehow, he became very apprehensive the close she was to eight months. Of course, the two things couldn’t be connected, since the situation was very different, yet he couldn’t help, but felt restless, especially when he had to be away all the time. 
Cane didn’t want to think this was not the right time to have a child, because it would sound like he didn’t want the baby. He wanted their baby, but he felt hopeless and guilty because he couldn’t give a better environment for Iris and their future child. 
"What is it, Grace? Is something happened to my baby?" Iris asked, she held Grace’s hand. She also could feel Cane’s hand on her waist tightened, as his body became stiff. "Is there something wrong?" 
Iris first thought was; Laluna managed to do something to the food she was eating. She couldn’t help, but having a negative thought about her. Ever since she wanted Cane and learned about her pregnancy, that possibility was something that could happen. 
Seeing how worried Iris was, Grace immediately cleared her throat and smiled reassuringly at the two of them. "I am sorry, I make you worried with my reaction. This is not something bad." She smiled even wider. "This is actually something great! Really great!" 
"Talk," Cane said curtly, which made Grace didn’t dare to put the tension and immediately let them knew. 
"Congratulation, alpha! Luna! You have twin!" Grace clapped her hands. "Luna Iris is having twin!" 
However, before Cane and Iris could give any reaction upon hearing that news, they heard someone had screamed, which startled them. 
It was Aliana, she happened to enter the room because Iris said she wanted to eat something spicy and because she knew Grace was already inside, she didn’t knock and entered the room right away only to hear this great news! This was indeed a great news amidst the depressing situation. 
"Twin! The luna is having twin!" Aliana couldn’t help, but announced it and they could hear the uproar from the outside when the warriors were freaking out with the news. "Congratulation, luna! Alpha!" 
Aliana’s step halted when she saw Cane’s expression. It seemed, she had announced something that they wanted to enjoy for themselves for a while. 
Sheepishly, Aliana backtracked. "I will put the food here, luna." She put the food on the table and scurried away from the room to celebrate it with the warriors outside. 
"How are the babies?" Cane shifted his attention to Grace. "Will Iris be fine?" After all, she was carrying two lives within her. 
Grace checked on Iris again, more carefully this time and told them Iris was fine. "I think this explains why the luna is easily exhausted and how her appetite increased." Grace smiled softly. "She is literally eating for three people." 
And after making sure there was nothing wrong and took a note of what Iris needed to do and what she couldn’t, Grace left the room, leaving the two of them to savor this moment. 
"Cane, we have twin..." Iris touched her belly and felt the movement of the babies. No wonder she and Cane thought their baby was very active, as it turned out, there were two babies. 
Cane said nothing, he buried his face against Iris’s nape and hugged her from behind. He said nothing, but a whisper of ’thank you’. 
The news about Iris was having twins spread in the pack house, especially around Howling Wolf pack warriors, they were excited to see their alpha and luna’s future children and for the first time, their faces beamed with happiness despite the never ending gloomy sky above them. 
"Twin!?" Laluna gritted her teeth, she glanced at her son, who was trying to flip his body. Vemion was healthy now and he became more active. The baby had started to babble a few words, but it didn’t make Laluna happy. "They have twin?!" 
Cane had twin sibling before and it was not common for shifter to have twin, thus for Iris to have twin, it felt like she was emphasizing the babies were really Cane’s. 
"How that can happen?!" Laluna immediately realized how stupid the question was. Of course, that could happen because she was having Cane’s babies. 
On the other hand, Koda watched Laluna was throwing a temper tantrum. He narrowed his eyes when he saw this woman was being restless upon hearing that news. 
"Why are you so mad? You don’t need to be obsessed with their babies. It’s none of your concern." 
Laluna stopped herself and tried to compose her anger. 
"Why do you care so much about their babies? Do you like Cane?" Koda tilted his head, his sharp eyes fixed on Laluna’s expression, as she tried so hard to keep her calm. 
Laluna picked baby Vemion from the bed and cradled him in her arms. "What do you mean I like him? I have my own son and he will be the future king. More so, alpha Cane already has his own mate." 
"I don’t know." Koda shrugged his shoulders and then stood up, he approached Laluna and pinched her chin, so their eyes met. "Maybe you wanted to be his mate instead and put him on the throne, since Cane came from royal bloodline." 
Laluna’s heart skipped a beat when she heard that. Did he know? Did Cane tell him about it? From what she knew, alpha Cane was not someone like that, moreover, after that night, they didn’t make any move on him. Alpha Cane wouldn’t be that petty, right? He should have let it go about that matter. 
Koda took a step back and waved his hand. "I will visit you tonight, put your baby in the nursery room." 
And with that, Koda left, leaving Laluna dreaded with all the possibilities that could happen, but after calming herself down, she decided it was only a coincidence, because knowing Koda, if he really knew about that, he wouldn’t let it slide. 
================================= 
"Can you stop avoiding me? What the hell with you?!" Aliana blocked Ethan’s path after he unloaded all the crates from the carriages that Cane brought with him. "You are being childish now, you know that?!" 
The tip of Ethan’s ears turned when he saw Aliana came closer, he was about to run away, but she already blocked his escape route, while the other warriors walked away, as if giving them space to talk this matter through. 
"This is what you will do for the rest of your life? Avoiding me?" Aliana crossed her arms in front of her chest, her sharp eyes fixed on Ethan, who refused to look back at him. "You kissed me so bravely the other day, but this is what you have been doing? Run away like a coward?" 
Ethan knew it was his impulsiveness when he kissed Aliana. It was not even a kiss! It was only a peck on the lips! After he calmed down and realized what he had done, he simply couldn’t face Aliana. He didn’t know what to say or do at this point and now this woman cornered him. 
"Can you tell me what happened with you? We will work together in the future and I don’t want to be in this awkward situation with you." 
"I want you to leave. I want you to go back to the pack house." 
Aliana shook her head. "You know that’s not possible. I don’t want to go back. I want to be here." 
"You don’t know how I felt when I saw you under the rubbles, you don’t know how worried I am when I thought I was going to lose you, that you are going to die. You don’t know how scared I am!" 
Ethan wanted to drop the matter, but then he gathered his courage and faced it head on. He lifted his head and reciprocated her gaze. "You know how I feel about you, Aliana. I refused to believe someone as smart as you not realize how I feel about you all this time." 
Aliana was slightly taken aback when Ethan was being blunt with his feeling, but then she composed herself. "I know, Ethan. But, I am sure, you also know how I feel about you." 
Aliana only thought of Ethan as her little brother and sadly, Ethan knew about that too. 
"You are always be a brother for me." 
Ethan clenched his jaw. "You have Jace as your brother, I don’t need you to be my sister." 
"I know, but I am sorry, I can’t think of you as a man. We grew up together Ethan. You know my deceased mate and you were also there when I lost my baby. You will always be an important person in my life, but I can’t see you the same way you see me." Aliana stretched out her hand to touch his arm, which Ethan flinched by her touch, because he was very hurt by what she said. "If you need time, I can understand, but I hope we can return to the way we were someday." 
Ethan hated it when Aliana gave him a sisterly look. "I want you to see me as a man." It happened so fast when he pulled Aliana and kissed her again for the second time. 
"What do you think you are doing!!?" Jace snarled.
###Chapter 712: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (54)
Chapter 712: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (54)
All the warriors present that witnessed Ethan kissed Aliana for the first time in front of them had this tacit understanding not to say anything about it to Jace because they could sense the tension between the three of them, since Aliana refused to go back to the pack house after she almost died not so long ago. 
Meanwhile, Lou would never bring the topic, since he used all of his strength to purify his innocent eyes from such tainted scene. 
However, their effort went to the drain when Jace witnessed it himself when Ethan kissed Aliana for the second time right before his eyes. 
At first, he saw the two of them were in the heated argument. Jace didn’t need to come closer to know what they were talking about, because he had the same problem with Aliana like Ethan did, he decided to leave the two of them alone, until he watched how Ethan pulled his sister into his arms and kissed her! 
"Ethan! I am going to kill you!" Jace roared, as he marched toward the gamma. 
Ethan and Aliana were startled and she pushed him away from her when she saw how livid her brother was. 
"Jace! Stop this!" Aliana tried to stop him and shouted at Ethan. "Go!" she was already too tired to be the middleman if they were going to fight it off. If they were going to fight, it would be better they did it without her presence. 
"No! Come back here, you traitor! How dare you kissed my sister!" 
Aliana was not as embarrassed as when Ethan kissed her than when her own brother shouted it out loud. "Be quiet!" she hissed and looked around, afraid someone else would hear this. "Go! What are you doing there! Go!" Aliana shooed Ethan away impatiently. 
Seeing how enraged the beta was and how Aliana chased him away with passion, Ethan didn’t have any other choice, but to leave the scene. Jace wouldn’t be able to have a conversation with whenever he was so mad. His explanation wouldn’t reach him. 
"Don’t you dare to turn your back on me! Get back here gamma Ethan!" Jace barked loudly and shifted into his beast when Ethan was about to leave, seeing this Ethan also shifted into his beast to get away from him. 
"Ugh! What now?!" Aliana was frustrated to see the two men. 
It was already late at night when Iris finally fell asleep, ever since she learned she was having twin, her excitement made her hard to fall asleep. She kept talking about how she should start to knit baby’s clothes to the the imagination how their babies would look like. 
She loved the idea if the babies looked like Cane, but he would like it if their babies would have her auburn hair and her blue eyes. 
They fell into such calm and peaceful conversation about their future, as if they were not in the middle of something vicious and dark. The future in their mind filled with happiness and laughter. 
By in the end when Iris finally fell asleep, she had this smile on her face. She believed their babies would have Cane’s intelligence and there was nothing that could convince her otherwise. 
"Let this happiness last for long time..." Cane whispered his pray. He didn’t know when he started to pray again, but if this could help to keep his mate and their children away from any harm, he would start to believe again. 
After all, he had been praying for him and his people for years when they were in the slavery with no avail, so at the very least, whatever god there was, they should listen to this one. 
"Be strong and be happy..." Cane kissed Iris’s forehead, the tip of her nose, her pursed lips, her shoulders, down to her belly. He lingered a little bit longer there. 
It almost like a routine for Cane to do this whenever he was with her. He did it when Iris had fallen asleep and when he was done with this small ritual, Cane got off the bed and headed toward the door after he made sure his mate was not feeling cold. 
Outside of the door, he saw Zale. He had noticed his presence, since an hour ago. 
"I have asked him to leave, but he is very stubborn and wanted to wait for you to come out," Zephyr explained to Cane when his eyes fell on the young boy. 
"I told you, right? He must have noticed me here!" Zale said sharply, his strong attitude still annoyed the other warriors. 
"Tone down your voice, the luna is sleeping," Cane said sternly and Zale immediately clamped his mouth, though he looked at Cane unhappily. "Come with me."
Cane walked away from the bedroom and Zale followed behind him, while the other warriors couldn’t understand why the alpha wasted his time for this troubled kid. 
"Where are we going?" Zale asked after they walked for almost ten minutes in silent. 
Cane finally stopped and turned around to face the young boy. "So, have you sold the stone to that merchant? I have told you not to meet me before you did." 
"Of course, I did! I have sold the stone!" Zale said proudly, but his smug expression flattened when Cane asked how much he had sold the stone. "That..." 
Zale didn’t receive a penny after selling the stone to Lou, because it was not the money he received. He told Cane everything about how he managed to trick Lou. 
"I didn’t get a penny, but the gamma should be in debt with me, because I made a deal with Lou on his behalf! He was very reckless!" Zale seemed to remember something. "Oh, and that tacky merchant is actually a sorcerer!" Zale crossed his arms, he lifted his chin. "See? This information is more valuable than gold!" 
Cane watched Zale’s smug little face. "Yes, it is." He agreed. "Only if I didn’t know about it already." 
Zale’s smile fell. "You knew?" 
This time, it was Cane, who crossed his arms and closed the distance between them, made Zale was a little bit scared with how big the alpha was in closer look like this. "You are pretty smart to come up with that idea and saw the opportunity, but... you felt satisfied too fast. In a battle, you will be the person, who died first." 
Zale frowned. "I am not that weak!" 
"Didn’t want to admit your weakness is a weakness too." Cane bent his body slightly, so their eyes could meet. "You are thinking that you have done a great job and felt satisfied. You thought I am not so smart to give you such ridiculous task. That’s what in your mind, right?" 
Zale gulped down. "N- no I don’t." 
"Even when you lied, it’s very obvious." 
"I..." 
"You are thinking; how he knows what I am thinking." 
Zale gritted his teeth, he wanted to retort again, but the more he did that, the more he exposed himself that what Cane said was true, even he himself knew it. 
"There is first rule that you have to learn, Zale." Cane glanced at the ground. "You need to know how to mask what is in your mind. To let your enemy knows what is in your mind will be a death sentence for you." 
Cane bent his body and picked a stone. 
Seeing that, Zale groaned. "No! Not stone again! Why don’t you teach me how to fight?! I need to protect the luna, not to play with stone! Why don’t you teach me how to fight and kill the enemy?!" Zale protested harshly. 
Meanwhile, Cane waited until he had blurted out his complain before he explained what he meant. 
Still, Zale was not satisfied. 
========================== 
Iris woke up when she felt Cane kissed her cheeks, neck and shoulders. She giggled because she felt so good to be woken up like this and felt very spoiled. 
"It’s almost lunch. You need to wake up and eat something. People have been waiting for you." Cane had told Iris that they were going to have a meeting with the Serafim this afternoon over lunch, but it seemed, she would come late. 
"Oh, right!" Iris opened her eyes, but when she saw Cane’s smile, she couldn’t help it, but being a little bit clingy. "I want a kiss." Cane kissed her lips. "Here." Iris pointed her nose and Cane obliged, he kissed her there and a few more spot that Iris pointed it out. 
And it was closed with a kiss on her belly. 
"I am hungry." 
"Of course, you skipped breakfast again." Cane took a plate from the table nearby, it filled with snack. "Eat this before lunch." 
Iris munched on her snack, while Cane chose a dress and warm cloak for her to wear when they met with the Serafim and the other. 
"What do you think the Serafim is going to talk about?" Iris was still eating when Cane helped her to put on her dress, since her stomach had grown so big, she was having a hard time to move around. 
"I think it is about Aria." 
"Aria?" Iris stopped eating, her eyes turned sharp when she heard that name. "What do you mean." 
"I have not yet told you about this, but more than a week ago, she appeared in the Aggeverya road." Cane told her about what happened and what Aria asked from him." 
Iris looked a little bit upset and sad. "Do you still like her? Why didn’t you kill her?"
###Chapter 713: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (55)
Chapter 713: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (55)
Cane couldn’t answer Iris’s question right away, he was silent for a while and this made Iris imagined a lot of scenarios in her mind and each of it, made her heart felt uneasy. 
"You don’t need to answer if you don’t want." Iris pushed the plate that filled with snack and then stood up. She didn’t want to see her expression on the mirror, because her face looked like she was going to cry. "Let’s go, don’t let the Serafim wait for us." 
However, Cane grabbed her wrist before she could leave. He stared at his mate and when he spoke his tone was very serious. "I don’t like her in that way, Iris. But, what I feel about her is more like guilty." 
It didn’t sound right for Iris, she turned her head and looked at her mate, she could see how complicated Cane’s feeling was. "She betrayed you, she killed three orphan children when she used black magic to harm you, she stabbed you and you are the one, who feels guilty?" 
"I feel guilty because I thought she will have different ending if I didn’t even give her a chance in the first place." 
Cane did not use to talk about what he felt, but right now, he was talking about what bothered him. Admitting this guilt was a vulnerable feeling for him, as if he put his weakness in the open for people to see. 
"I didn’t even think to have a second mate at that time. I clung onto the last piece of Leane’s memory, in which I didn’t even realize it at that moment and I took her because she was Leane’s personal maid." Cane’s eyes dimmed. "That’s not an excuse. I know. That’s pathetic of me to even think and act like that." 
Cane’s reluctant stemmed from this guilt, because when he saw how Aria was right now and how she lost herself in her hatred and her obsession with him, how even in her death she had to be revived by dark magic, Cane knew, he was to be blamed for some part of it. 
"Cane." Iris came closer to him, she raised her hand and caressed his cheek. "You told me before. This road is not easy and there will be a lot of things that we must do even though we didn’t want it. I think this is one of it." 
Probably, Iris’s true intention to remind Cane about it was because she didn’t like Aria and deep down, shamelessly, she had to admit she didn’t want her to enter their life again. But, more importantly was because Aria was dead. For her to be alive, it was against the nature. Dark magic was not a plaything. 
"You said it yourself to me before. There will be countless death ahead of us and you have to kill people that you deemed deserved to die for the purpose of your plan." Iris raised both of her hands and cupped his face. "Cane, you know that Aria should die. From the day she wanted to harm you with dark magic, you owed her nothing. She chose the way she wanted to live and she walk in her own consequences now. You have nothing to do with that." 
Cane kissed both of Iris’s palms. "Okay." 
It almost felt like their role were swapped. What Iris said just now was something that he would say to her a year ago. 
Iris had grown so much from that timid girl, who would feel intimidated by people around her to become a figure worthy to be called as a luna. She guided her mate when he lost in this hectic world and entangled his complicated emotions. 
Meanwhile, when Cane always put a hard front and wouldn’t let anyone to see the turmoil inside him and all the scars he had, he bared his feeling for Iris to see, being vulnerable with her. He put down his title as an alpha and here he was, he was only a man full of scars with difficult past and feared for the uncertainty of the future. 
His past always shackled him, but he was forced to rush forward, while carrying this baggage and had no one to talk to. 
But, right now, he had her. 
They had each other... 
When Cane and Iris entered the meeting room, the Serafim and her five holy knights had been waiting for both of them. Jace, Aliana and Ethan were also presence, so did Eron and Dyne because both of them knew about the fact Cane was the lycan. 
There was this subtle tension between the beta, gamma and Aliana, as she stood between the two men. 
"Apologize for the tardiness." Cane pulled the chair for Iris and pushed it back when she sat down, he himself took a seat next to her, while the Holy Kingdom’s people sat across from them. 
Abby stared at Iris and both of them smiled. This must be the first official meeting between the two of them, since Abby had been avoiding Iris when they were in the Bloody Wolf pack and had no time to meet with each other because of the situation and Iris suddenly disappeared one day. 
"We are still..." Cedric was about to say they were waiting for another person, who supposed to be in this room right now, but the door was slammed open and that person walked into the room with a grin. 
"I am sorry for being late. I have a hungover last night and wake up so late." Lou walked graciously in his red cloak and took a seat next to Iris, he smiled at the luna warmly, put Iris in the same fate like Aliana. "We can start now." 
The people from the holy kingdom gave Lou a look, they didn’t understand why this merchant was invited into this meeting when even alpha Colter and Koda were not presence here. 
"Let’s talk about Decratic," Abby started, drew the knights’ attention to the purpose of this meeting. "Alpha Colter and Koda told me about Decratic when the first time I arrived here and they said to ask you, alpha Cane, to get more detail about it. What do you know about Decratic?" 
Lou looked at Cane, because he was not sure what was Decratic, or who was this Decratic. Aliana, Eron and Dyne had this same look of confusion, but as they followed the conversation, they could grasp what actually was going on. 
Cane told them about the symbol of Decratic that they found in a rickety hut in Riverside pack and what Haco told them about this creature. 
However, he didn’t mention about the lycan and the power that Iris had, neither he talked about the first Serafim’s life essence in Iris. 
He wanted to see what information the Serafim could offer after he already gave her his part of information. Cane wouldn’t open all of his cards and he needed to gauge the situation first. 
"Decratic takes form of the king, Alan," Iris added and only then it clicked with Lou how he was almost killed by Alan and how that coward prince could use magic. 
"We have told you what we know about the Decratic. We need to know what he actually is. The history of Decratic is tied close to Serafim, I am sure, you know the information that we don’t." Cane looked at Abby, but she reciprocated his gaze calmly, yet she didn’t reveal anything. 
"We need to talk with the sorcerer that told you about this Decratic. You told me he was one of the sorcerers from the holy kingdom." 
"Even if you met him know, he is not in his right mind," Cane replied. 
"Why?" 
"He is very old and becomes senile." 
"I need to confirm something." 
Cane saw through Abby. She wouldn’t conceal anything and only wanted to get more information from him without providing the same thing. "Why I feel like you don’t want to cooperate in this matter, Serafim?" 
"Because this problem is a matter within the holy kingdom. This is something that we can’t talk recklessly with the outsider." 
"I thought we have agreed to exchange the information in order to help each other facing this Decratic." 
"And I have told you all the thing that you need to know. The rest is something people outside of the holy kingdom no need to know." 
"What a bullshit," Lou mumbled under his breathe, which only Cane’s party, who was able to hear him. "What information that you gave us? You didn’t even reveal a single thing when the alpha here had told you everything." 
Now Lou could understand why his magical device didn’t work in the capital city. Damn that Decratic or whatever his name was. 
"Watch your mouth, merchant!" Liam warned Lou. 
Lou stood up, he lifted his chin with the same smug face that he always showed to other people. "I have nothing to do with this Decratic, I was being forced to join his campaign because I don’t have any other choice. So, do whatever you think suit you, don’t count me in, especially when you don’t know how to cooperate." 
"Impudent!" Cedric slammed his hand against the table and stood up too. 
However, Cane also stood up, which made the Serafim and her knights became cautious. 
"Just like you said, this is the holy kingdom’s problem, since the origin of Decratic is from your continent and this is not the cooperation we have agreed upon." Cane helped Iris to stand up. "May you settle this matter quickly." 
With that, Cane and Iris followed Lou went out of the room.
###Chapter 714: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (56)
Chapter 714: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (56)
The way how the Serafim and the knights were not cooperating in this meeting was not something they had agreed upon. 
They had discussed this beforehand with the presence of Iris, but with the condition, they would be transparent with the information they had regarding the Decratic. After all, they were against the same entity and they had to gather all the information they could in order to defeat him. 
"Alpha Cane!" Cedric exclaimed when he watched Cane, Iris, Lou and all the people that came with him walked out of the room. "We have not yet done with our discussion!" 
Lou turned his body around and faced the annoying knights. "Do you call this a discussion? You only want to gather the information without giving a shit in return!" 
Cane said nothing, since Lou had voiced out what he wanted to say in harsher way. He chose him to come along because he had involved himself too deep and there was not a way out for this merchant anymore. More so, he needed his power. 
Cane couldn’t rely on Haco and he needed a sorcerer within his people, based on that Lou was the right person to fill the role, as long as he could stay away from his mate, working with him was not bad. 
Just like right now, Cane didn’t need to utter a single word when Lou had talked on his behalf everything he wanted to say and more. 
"You need to stop cursing!" Cedric glared at Lou. 
"And you need to stop thinking you can get everything by waving your status as the Serafim’s knights. If this Decratic is someone that your Serafim needs to destroy, by all means, do it." Lou was still upset because he almost died by the hand of this Decratic. "We have upcoming war here to think about." 
Lou glanced when Cane took Iris out of the room and he followed them out, so did the rest of them. This time, they didn’t turn around when Cedric called them back. 
However, when they were already away from the meeting room, Lou hastened his steps and blocked Iris and Cane way. He stood in front of the two of them with arms crossed. 
"Don’t you think I need some explanation? My poor heart keeps beating so fast with curiosity." Lou was being dramatic again. He glanced at Iris’s stomach and felt annoyed every time he saw how big it got. Why would she need to be pregnant with his child?! "You have dragged me too far, this is not even worthy even if you promised me you will help me expand my business to the holy kingdom. In this rate, they will hate me to the point I can’t even trade anywhere. It’s your fault too for how the black market was destroyed. At the very least, I deserved to know what is going on." 
Iris looked at Cane and then Lou back and forth, but the two of them were in stalemate. She didn’t want to voice it out, but Lou was right, they had involved him too deep to put him in dark place and not let him knew about the crucial information. 
"I am in, or I am out. I don’t want to be in between." Probably this was the first time Lou looked very serious. His voice was deep and calm, he didn’t look like he forced himself to be part of this craziness, but if he was going to step in, he wanted to know everything. 
And Cane finally spoke. "All of you can leave." 
Lou was smiling within when he watched all of them left, including the beta and the gamma. He wondered, whether the two of them knew what Cane was going to tell him or not. 
"Make it warm," Cane said all of sudden. 
"What?" Lou caught something that Cane threw at him, it was a magic stone. 
"Make the bench warm." He repeated what he said earlier and nodded at the bench next to him. His intention was clear, he wanted the bench was warm enough for Iris to sit. 
"Do you think...!" Lou was about to blow his top, but when he caught Iris’s sight and how round she was, he was pretty concerned she would stumble and roll on the ground with that body. "Ck!" 
Lou waved his hand and the snow on the bench and around it melted. 
"Oh, this is warm, thank you." Iris looked surprised and happy when she sat comfortably there. 
"Here! do you want to see more magic?" Lou became excited to see how Iris was happy with this small thing. 
"Don’t overwork yourself," Cane said. "Do you want to hear this or should I write you a letter about it?" 
Lou clenched his jaw, but he quickly composed himself and faced the alpha. "Fine. Let’s talk. What is going on here?" he glanced at Iris. "She is not a runt. I want you to start the explanation from her." 
Lou had been very interested with Iris’s background, ever since he met her for the first time and now he had a chance to know more about her, especially after she could revive her power, he wouldn’t let this chance slide. 
"She knows how to find the magic stone, having the Serafim’s pet and now she has healing ability. What is she?" 
============================= 
"This is not working, Cedric!" Abby looked angry when Cane and his people walked out of the room. "I have told you to let them know about this!" 
Cedric looked in trouble. He didn’t expect Cane would give this strong reaction, he thought there would be a further discussion. "Serafim, we still can’t let out the information that belong to the holy kingdom to an outsider like them." 
"We need their help," Liam reminded Cedric about this and the other three knights agreed with him in this matter. 
It was their nature not to believe people from outside of their continent, especially shifter, but seeing the situation right now, Liam was right, they needed the alpha’s help in order to find and take down Decratic. 
From the look of it, Decratic had planned to create his own army. 
They didn’t even reach to the point, where they discussed about Aria, the woman that supposed be dead. The prophecy started happening one by one and more importantly, they had not yet checked on what kind of power Luna Iris actually held. This one thing bothered Abby the most. 
She couldn’t accept the fact her power was being absorbed by her when they met for the first time. She was very sure it was divine power, but how could someone like Iris had such power. Divine power only belonged to Serafim. 
"The last information about the map, it was in this continent. The place that I thought it might be is the black market." 
"Yes, but the black market has been destroyed." 
They were still looking for the map, which could lead them to the great shrine, where the five swords were. They needed to go there so the Serafim could purify herself and regain her power. 
They were tangled in a heated discussion about how to proceed from here and what kind of information that was allowed or not allowed for Cane to know. 
But, there was another people, who currently in a heated argument too. 
"Stop being childish like this, Jace. You two will work together, how do you want to kill him every time you have a chance?" Aliana frowned at her brother, while Ethan had disappeared the moment their alpha was not in sight, along with Eron and Dyne. 
"He kissed you, Aliana! And you are okay with that?!" Jace was frustrated with her. 
"Yes, he kissed me, but you acted like he kissed you instead." 
Jace gave his sister a disgusting look for her comment. "He forced himself onto you and you act like it’s nothing." 
"I am shocked, but I want to deal with this matter on my own, so you need to back off." Aliana furrowed her brows. "You only make the situation become even more awkward." 
Jace opened his mouth and was about to say something, but he held himself back, as he gritted his teeth.
"Fine." Jace stopped walking and this made Aliana stopped too, she turned around and faced her brother. "I hope you know what you are doing, Aliana. I don’t against you it if you want with him, but if you don’t, make it clear with Ethan." 
Jace turned around and left. He cared about his sister, but he also cared about Ethan too, he was like a brother for him after all they had gone through, but the sight of that man forced kissing Aliana was really unsettling. 
"Oh, sir Cedric?" Aliana didn’t expect to see the knights here when she walked around mindlessly. 
"Lady Aliana," Cedric greeted her politely, he just came out from the room after the Serafim dismissed him. "I am sorry about how the discussion turned up. I hope alpha Cane will give a chance for another meeting." 
"About that, you need to talk with the alpha, the decision is in his hand." 
"I will." Cedric nodded. 
"Is that the crest of the Holy Kingdom?" Aliana pointed her finger at the crest on the handle of his sword. 
"Hm?" Cedric followed Aliana’s line of sight and nodded. "Not really, this crest is only used for the Serafim’s five holy knights." 
Aliana stared at it, she felt the crest was the same shape like the birthmark Lou had on his back... but, a loud noise pulled her from her reverie. 
"What is that?" 
"Monster attack!"
###Chapter 715: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (57)
Chapter 715: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (57)
The bells rang loudly from all the four towers of the pack house and the tension thickened the atmosphere, as if the air filled with dread. The sound of the ringing bells from the four towers indicated they were under attack and their enemies were within their gates! 
How could that possible?! How could the enemies already within their gates when they didn’t even realize it yet? 
There was no first warning or the second one. This was the last warning that they were in a grave danger. 
As if answering their question, the sound of people shouted from afar became very clear when the words were being repeated. 
"Monster attack!" 
"Monster attack!" 
"MONSTER ATTACK!" 
Followed with that, the ground where they were standing started shaking, something big came from beneath the ground and this caused the effect like an earthquake. 
"Are you okay?!" Cedric grabbed Aliana’s hand and steadied herself, as they used the bench for their support, waiting for the ground to stop shaking violently. "We need to tell the other!" 
Aliana agreed with that and once the ground stopped shaking and an uproar could be heard from the distance, as loud growls from the monsters filled the air, both Cedric and Aliana went to their respective order. 
Aliana shifted into her beast and tried to look for the alpha and the luna, especially the luna, since she served her, but it would be great if she could gather Iris’s personal warriors on her way to find her. 
She still didn’t know what the monster that had attacked them, but in the distance, she could see countless warriors and knights were heading toward the battle that was currently happening. 
Aliana in her honey brown wolf traced her way to the spot, where the alpha told them to leave because he was about to have a serious discussion with Lou and Iris, but they were no longer there. 
Actually, fifteen minutes before the bell was being rang, Iris had felt it. The dark magic suddenly appeared and it was very strong. 
Lou and Cane were in the middle of a serious conversation, it was rare to see the two of them were having a calm discussion like this, while Iris munched on her satay that a maid brought for her earlier as per Cane’s request. 
Basically, Cane told Lou the same thing like what he told Serafim, he didn’t disclose about the fact Iris had the first Serafim’s life essence and also the truth about the lycan, yet he told the merchant about something else. 
About Iris’s dream of five swords and what Haco told them about the five swords in the Holy Kingdom that could purify the Serafim from negative effects of this realm, in which strengthen their power as the symbol of purity, kindness and benevolence. 
Lou glanced at Iris, who was happily eating her snack, while listening to Cane. "Do you think the two of them related?" Lou raised his brows. "The Serafim and her. Maybe she is the real Serafim," he said bluntly about what he was thinking at this moment. "But, is it possible for two Serafim exist at the same time?" 
That was the same question Iris and Cane had, but at the same time, they could also understand why it was possible to happen. 
For Iris, who had Na’s life essence, she was literally the first Serafim, though she was lacking of how to be more in tune with her power, there were a lot of things that Iris had to discover about her power, but because of Haco’s condition right now, she didn’t have someone to guide her and must unearth everything on her own, which declined her progress. 
Meanwhile, all the Serafim after Na was someone, who was tasked to continue Na’s role, since Decratic had not yet been truly destroyed, thus the next Serafim should be the balance of all the antagonism in this realm that would continue to happen, until Decratic was no more. 
It could be said, the power that the Serafim after Na had, was not the pure power of the Serafim, where they needed to purify themselves in the Great Shrine every now and then to regain their strength after being exposed to so many devilish things. 
In Abby’s case, she had never been in Great Shrine, because the map to reach that place had disappeared for decades. 
"That the question we need to figure out," Cane replied. 
"I think I only get more and more task to join this trouble!" Lou groaned, yet he couldn’t help himself and the temptation to be with Iris, ever since they met for the first time. 
"Why do you think I am the Serafim? I only dream about the swords, it doesn’t mean I am the Serafim, right?" Iris asked, she knew Cane wanted to be vague with this matter, but Lou made this conclusion. 
Lou shrugged his shoulders. "The current Serafim is weak as heck, she is only slightly better than a magic user and to see you manage to lift the curse on that king baby, which was the task the Serafim couldn’t do it, it will be more convincing to call you as the Serafim instead." Lou spoke about baby Vemion in mocking tone. He thought it was very ridiculous to have the baby as the king, but somehow, it was better than to have Alan to sit on the throne. 
And yet, that person was not the real stupid Alan... 
"Stop being touchy, can’t you?!" Lou grew frustrated when Cane affectionately wiped the stain of sauce from the corner of Iris’s lips. 
Iris gave Lou a look, but Cane acted like he heard nothing. "Why? My mate was helping me." 
"Come, I can help you too. I will wipe your face too," Lou grumbled. 
However, Iris had not yet retorted to that sarcasm when she suddenly felt this chill and dreadful feeling. Her whole body was shivering and she was having a hard time to breath, this fear hit her so hard. 
"Iris?!" Cane immediately knelt down in front of her and tried to calm her down, though he didn’t have any idea why she reacted like this. 
"What’s wrong?" Lou asked, he came closer to them with confusion on his face. 
"Did you do something to her?!" Cane snapped, because earlier they were bickering and the first thing that came to his mind was this merchant did something to mess with his mate. 
Lou immediately raised both of his hands. "Are you crazy?! I will never do that!" 
Cane shifted back his attention toward Iris, who was having a hard time to breath, her whole body was trembling and her face turned so pale. 
Iris felt this ominous feeling, but this time it was greater than anything she had ever felt before. The feeling almost like when you had to face your own death, as if you were on the mercy on your predators and you could see your own demise in their eyes. 
Fear was an understatement for what Iris felt at this moment. 
"What the hell is happening?" Lou checked the bench, he had this ridiculous idea that his magic suddenly stopped working and the bench turned cold again, but it seemed fine, everything was fine. 
"They are... they are coming," Iris stuttered when she tried to warn them. 
"What?" Lou couldn’t hear what she said, but Cane could. 
"Who is coming?" Cane held her cold hands tightly, as if telling her he was there, because right now, his mate looked like she was not aware of her surroundings, she was drowned in her own fear. "What do you mean?" 
"What? What she said?" Lou knelt down in front of Iris too, even though it was uncomfortable to be this close with the alpha. 
"We need to go, we need to warn all the people to take the shelter..." 
"Who? What is coming, Iris? What do you feel?" Cane caressed her cheek and wiped her tears. 
"The monsters... the dark magic... it’s very strong... so strong it hurt me..." Iris wrapped her arms around her belly, her instinct as a mother to protect her children. 
"Dark magic?" Lou frowned. 
"Can you feel that?" Cane shifted his attention toward Lou, he stood up and sat down next to Iris, hugging her trembling body in order to calm her down, leaving Lou knelt down in front of the two of them. 
"There is no one can feel dark magic with only the presence of it." Lou stared at Iris. "Well, I think she is an exception." 
"Cane, we need to go now!" Iris became frantic because the two of them didn’t move as quick, as she wanted them to be, since they couldn’t feel what she felt and the urgency of the situation. 
Right at that time, the bell rang and not too far from them there was a portal, which was opened. It looked like a blackhole. Iris and Cane were familiar with this, since they had seen it a few times when Lou did the same thing. 
As if time had frozen in this winter, they stared in disbelief as a monster came out of the portal. 
"Oh! Shit!" Lou stood up immediately when he watched Vermeyes crawled out of the portal. 
Vermeyes was a monster with a pair of small red eyes, which didn’t match with its monstrous body, though this creature couldn’t run fast enough, but the monster was very destructive. 
"Shit!" Lou only had one magic stone that Cane gave to him earlier to warm the bench. 
On the other hand, the alpha shifted into his beast.
###Chapter 716: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (58)
Chapter 716: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (58)
From the portal, there was not only one Vermeyes, but there were two, three, four and more different kind of monsters came through the portal. 
With this so many monsters that appeared all of sudden within the pack house’s gates, of course it was a nightmare. 
But the bad news was, the portal that Iris, Cane and Lou saw were not the only portal, which kept vomiting monsters, there were at least four more all over the pack and it caused an uproar. 
The warriors gathered as fast as they could to fast the monster, so did the knights, but they didn’t expect this sudden attack, as they were having a hard time to make a formation of protection. More so, there were so many monsters right now. 
"Take her to the safe place!" Cane barked an order to Lou before he shifted into his beast. He was well aware the magic stone the merchant had right now was not enough to face these monsters, more so there was his mate he had to think about. 
No matter how Cane disliked Lou, he trusted him not to put Iris in harm way. 
"Come on, Iris!" Lou said, as he grabbed Iris’s hand and was about to take her away from this place, which had turned into a battlefield. 
"No!" Iris refused. She swatted Lou’s hand. "Cane will not be able to take them down! These monsters are controlled by dark magic!" 
Iris knew the reason behind Cane’s order to make Lou take her away, because he was about to use the lycan’s power to control these monsters, but it wouldn’t do if they were already controlled by dark magic. 
The same thing had happened before when they travelled to Silver River pack for the first time and they had to face monster attack, in which the monsters were controlled by dark magic. 
If Iris left Cane here, he wouldn’t be able to take down these monsters. 
"Are you going to kill yourself?!" Lou roared angrily. "We need to leave! Your mate is not that weak and stupid to be killed by these stupid monsters!" 
Lou didn’t understand. These monsters would be so hard to be killed! 
Iris gritted her teeth, she had done it before, she would be able to do it again now. How she did it before? It happened very naturally, because of the urgency of the situation, she didn’t even think about it. More so, she had never practiced with this kind of power. 
How? How she did it? 
Iris tried to recollect her memories, but the black wolf approached her and nudged her body, though there was word, but Iris could understand what Cane meant in his wolf form. He wanted her to climb on top of him. 
"Lou, help me!" Iris said. It was a little bit challenging to sit on the wolf’s back when she was pregnant, but she was sure, Cane wouldn’t let her fall. 
"What? What are you doing?" Lou was confused, but he immediately understood when he saw the black beast lowered its body. "Damn it! Are you sure this is safe?!" 
Cane knew what Iris was trying to do and he wouldn’t let her try it, more so the merchant was useless when it came to persuade her. The last time Iris controlled the monsters and broke the dark magic that controlled them, she fell unconscious. 
There was no way, Cane would let the same thing happened again and put her life and their children in danger! This was his priority to keep them safe! 
"Are you sure, she will not fall?" Lou was worried if Iris would fall in her condition, more so, the beast was big enough, so the fall would be hurt. 
Using the magic stone, Lou created barrier to protect them, while he helped Iris and ran behind the beast once Iris was seated on its back. For now, they had to put Iris in the safe place first and thought about how to survive this monster attack. 
=============================== 
When Zale heard there was monster attack, the first thing that came to his mind once he learned the luna was with the alpha and that tacky merchant, was to come here. 
In the hectic situation and how the warriors were busy to fight the monsters, while some of them helped the pack member to seek refuge, they must not realize there was this scaredy cat, who chose to hide under the bed, instead of running out of the room. 
"Ezra! Come here!" Zale called him. 
He had taken a note how the luna was fond of this white diamond tiger and she tried to make this creature opened up with her. Therefore, she would be sad if something bad happened to him. 
More so, he had Lil Thing with him. 
"Come here," Zale said, he stretched out his hand. He found Ezra under the bed, his favorite place to hide aside from the bathroom. 
Luna Iris had this idea to make both of them friend, thinking Ezra could be close with Zale because he was only a few years younger than him, it could help this white diamond tiger to open up with more people, but every time, this little boy would be scared of him, or he would growl dangerously at him. Didn’t want to be approached. 
"There are a lot of monsters out there, do you want to be eaten by monster?" Zale looked impatient, he couldn’t catch the little boy and when he pushed the bed, he moved as well. "Ugh! At least, give me that bear, that bear is mine!" 
However, Ezra clutched Lil Thing even tighter, didn’t want to give it to him. 
"Come on out!" Zale moved the bed again, but Ezra moved along too. This annoyed him, but he remembered what alpha Cane told him. He didn’t remember the exact word though, but he always emphasized it was important to use a strategy to get what he wanted. 
Why he had to remember that annoying alpha at time like this? 
Zale frowned, he stared at Ezra for a while before he spoke. "You know that I am close with luna Iris, right? She told me to be friend with you before and now she told me to take you somewhere safe!" 
Ezra still didn’t move, but he paid close attention to Zale now when he heard he mentioned about the luna, thus he continued. 
"Luna Iris will be there and she must be worried if we don’t go there quickly!" Zale wriggled his fingers. "Come here, hurry!" 
Would this work? Zale didn’t know what else he had to do, but thankfully, Ezra moved closer to him and took his hand. 
"Luna Iris?" he asked in small voice. 
"Yes!" Zale grabbed his hand and pulled him out from under the bed, while he still hugged Lil Thing tightly. "Hold the bear closely, we are going out of here! Stay close with me, understood?!" 
Ezra nodded. He followed Zale out of the bedroom and in the distance, they could see three Vermeyes. The two of them stunned for a while, before they rushed toward the direction of the safety place. 
============================= 
It was fascinating to see Lou managed to catch up with the beast, though he was having a hard time to keep up, but he would right behind the beast. It reminded Iris of Lil Thing, who followed their entourage to the Silver River pack. 
However, all of sudden the black beast stopped and turned around, as right in front of them a portal was opened and hundred of goblins rushed out of that blackhole. 
Goblins were not deathly creature compared to the other monsters, but they would attack in a group, thus there were at least a dozen of them and right now, there were around fifty goblins came from the portal, the number would only increase. 
Meanwhile, behind them, there were two Deadeyes chased after them. 
Deadeyes was a blind monster in a shape of a serpent, very venomous and once you were in its grip, it would crack your bones and strangled you to death. 
"Damn it!" Lou immediately stood next to the black beast and created a protection around them. This transparent membrane shielded them from the attack of the goblins, who threw their small figure toward them. 
Within a second, there were buried under the goblin and the only thing that saved them was this protection. 
"Do you have any idea what to do now? This protection will not last for long, especially if those Deadeyes start attacking us!" Lou growled, the goblin above them looked very disgusting. 
As if on cue, the ground was shaking, so did the shield when the Deadeyes wrapped the protection tightly, in order to crush them. 
"Oh, shit!" Lou cursed under his breath. "You should have given me more magic stone, Cane." 
"Help me," Iris said, as she wriggled to get off the beast’s back. 
Lou carefully helped her, until she steadied herself and only then Cane shifted into his human form. 
"What now?!" Lou asked Cane, relieved that he could communicate with him now. "This protection will only last for twenty minutes if we don’t do anything and I am sure they will not leave us alone. You have twenty minutes to think of a way to get out from this predicament!" 
Iris looked around her, above them the goblins tried to break the protection, while Deadeyes wrapped its serpent body around it. There was no other way and Cane must have known about it too. 
Iris lifted her hands, but Cane beat her to it.
###Chapter 717: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (59)
Chapter 717: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (59)
In this precarious situation, where they were facing life and death situation and seemingly there was no way out from the siege of monsters, it left Iris with only one option. She needed to subdue the monster and by doing so, she needed to purify the black magic that controlled them first. 
Broke the control was not an easy task, because the last time she did it she lost her consciousness, but it was also due to her condition at that time, yet she was pregnant now and she was worried about their babies. Would this action harm them? 
Still, this was their only chance. 
Especially when they saw the crack on the protection that engulfed them. Once it was broken, they would be dead in a matter of second. 
However, knowing what his mate was going to do, Cane stopped Iris in time and let out the black wisp emanated from his body, using the lycan’s strength to get them out from this hellish situation. 
"SHIT!" Lou cursed. "What is that?!" He remembered that he had seen this before... 
First it was Iris with her shocking power, but now it was Cane! He was a shifter, there was no way he would be able to use magic. 
It didn’t take long for Lou to gather all the pieces he needed to make this conclusion, where he blurted it out, as he watched how this black wisp form a few tendrils, which sharp enough to cut the body of the Deadeyes and broke the siege of the goblins, wiped out these little monsters from their vicinity and kept them safe. 
In five minutes, two dead bodies of Deadeyes laid lifelessly on the cold ground and the remaining goblins backed down, since they didn’t have enough number to attack. Black blood smeared on the white- covered- snow ground. Some blood stained their clothes. 
"You are the lycan..." Lou whispered in shock when everything was done, he stared at Cane and then at Iris, she didn’t seem to be surprised to witness this. Of course, how fool he was to think she didn’t know. "You are that cursed creature." 
Iris was mortified. Not because Cane let out the lycan’s power to save them from this predicament, neither she was fazed by the appalling sight before her eyes, but because of the fact, Lou learned Cane’s secret. 
The black wisp disappeared, so did the monsters that surrounded them, but this still quietness made you uneasy. 
What Cane was going to do? Would he kill Lou? 
Right now, Cane was staring at the shocked merchant, his expression was devoid from any emotions and what was in his mind was the biggest mystery. 
=========================== 
Aliana couldn’t find Cane and Iris, but she could see the portal that kept vomiting monsters, this area was covered by a lot of monsters! They wouldn’t be here. The alpha must have taken his mate to the safe place. 
In this case, she needed to go to the shelter, where all the pack member sought for safety. 
"What are you doing here?!" Ethan roared when he finally found Aliana. He just shifted into his human form, while behind him, Jace followed him closely in his beast form. "We need to get out of here!" 
"I am looking for the luna!’ Aliana said, behind Jace, luna’s five personal warriors made their way here, it seemed they had the same thought like Aliana to look for the luna in this place.
"She is not here! I am sure, Cane has brought her to somewhere safe! Let’s go, we need to go too!" Ethan shifted into his beast and Aliana did the same too. 
Together, the eight of them went through monsters after monsters, killed some of them or ran away from the rest to reach the shelter. 
There were two shelters in this pack and they needed to find the luna, to make sure she was alright and was not stuck somewhere, fighting the monsters. 
Separated the group into two, Ethan took Aliana, Eron and Dyne to the south shelter and the rest would follow Jace to the east shelter. 
============================= 
"I will not say anything!" Lou raised both of his hands, he glared at Cane, as the black wisp covered half of his body and he couldn’t move at all. He cursed under his breath because he had dug his own grave. He should have listened to Sabian when he told him not to associate himself with this alpha, now there was no option for him to leave. "I said I will not tell anyone about this! Damn it!" 
Lou knew Cane was seriously considering killing him because he had witnessed something he shouldn’t have seen. This was his fault, okay?! Why should he be the one, who paid the price for it?! If he didn’t want him to know, he should think of another method to get them out of the dangerous situation! 
But, of course, Lou could only complain internally, since his life was in his hand, he would, for the first time, think twice before he provoked this alpha. He remembered how well Cane played his part and built an image of the lycan that could make you think he had nothing to do with that cursed creature. 
If Lou was not in his current predicament, he would be in awe by how brilliant his plan all this time to use the lycan. 
Unfortunately, he didn’t have the luxury to feel that way when his life was only a snap away. 
"You need me, Cane." Lou stopped wailing, his voice turned into a business like. The alpha liked a rational argument, thus he would try this approach. "You need a sorcerer by your side." 
Lou would appear nonchalant, reckless and couldn’t care less about what was going on. He would complain here and there, but it didn’t mean he was not aware with the gravity of the situation. 
Of course, he knew what it meant and the reason why he was invited in the meeting with the Serafim. Cane needed him because his sorcerer was helpless now and he couldn’t find another sorcerer that he could trust. 
You could see the irony here? Cane didn’t trust him, but somehow he trusted him at the same time. 
"You gain nothing by killing me, Cane. Even if I will go to the Serafim and reveal what you are to her, what the benefit I can get from her or the Holy Kingdom when they are currently hunting down this other creature named Decratic? At the very least, after all the trouble you caused me, I need to gain something from you. I will not get anything if you were dead!" 
Lou had tried and think all of the thing that might change Cane’s mind, but he hated it when this alpha made such cold expression and didn’t let other people know what was in his mind. This frustrated him! 
"Iris!" Lou called for her desperately, she had this look on her face, as if she wanted to persuade Cane to believe him, but she held herself back. "Talk to him! There is no point of hurting me!" 
However, Lou shrieked when the black wisp changed form into a spear and it thrusted toward him. 
He thought, he was going to die. He gritted his teeth and balled his fists, waiting for the pain to come, but to his surprise, the cold black wisp around his body loosened up and when he opened his eyes, it was already dispersed. 
"We need to take her to the safety place," Cane said shortly, as if he was not going to kill Lou a moment ago. He wrapped his arms around Iris’s waist protectively and then turned around. 
Lou really wanted to curse him! But, he knew better not to do so. He was upset with himself! 
Yet, another portal suddenly appeared right beside Iris and a Brinetallon appeared. This monster had two heads, looked like werewolf with sharp tails like dagger, which filled with venom. 
Thankfully, Cane had a good reflex, as he carried Iris in his arms and dodged the attack, 
"What the hell with these portals?! How they can keep appearing like this?!" Lou grunted. The remaining magic in the magic stone was only little, it wouldn’t be enough to fight this Brinetallon, not to mention currently there were four of them. 
Lou immediately went to Cane and Iris’s side, knowing he wouldn’t survive without his power at this rate. 
"Okay, Cane. Since, I already knew your secret, you can do as you please or else, we are going to die." Lou clicked his tongue to watched the four Brinetallon surrounded them. 
Brinetallon was an aggressive monster, even more when they were controlled by the black magic. They moved so fast, but this time, it was not the black wisp, but the lycan itself that came to the surface. 
This was the first time for Lou to witness how Cane shifted into his lycan and this left him flabbergasted. He was snapped back to reality when something bright emanated from Iris’s body. This was not the same like little light that she used to create, this was almost the same like the black wisp, but in white color, it looked like fog. 
Iris covered the area with this, while the lycan fought the four Brinetallons. The monsters wailed and growled viciously as if they were in pain when this fog reached them. 
"Stop," Iris said and gradually, the Brinetallons became less aggressive, which making it easier for the lycan to kill them. 
"What else, you can do, Iris?" Lou muttered to himself.
###Chapter 718: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (60)
Chapter 718: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (60)
Lou watched how well Iris and Cane worked together, or should he say it was the lycan... this was the first time for him to watch the lycan up close like this. Its body was almost monstrous with red eyes that looked like blood. A single look from this creature was enough to send shiver down your spine. 
The lycan looked aggressive and despite its size, it could move very fast. This was the cursed creature Lou only heard about and the exact same creature that shook the entire continent months ago. 
With this revelation, Lou had a lot of question to ask the alpha. He felt like he was going insane if he traced back about all the news the lycan had done, not to mention it was Cane’s assignment to catch the lycan! How he could do that when he was the one?! 
Cane was insane! 
Lou made the conclusion about him. 
However, no matter how frightening and intimidating the lycan was, Iris didn’t seem to be scared of it. She actually approached the lycan, but when Lou tried to stop her, a glance from this cursed creature was enough to make him frozen in his place. 
"Shift," Iris said softly, as she caressed the lycan’s muzzle. The lycan listened to her, but it was still Lu, since he had this red color eyes. "Can I have Cane back?" 
Lu pouted when he heard that, he sulked. "Why do you always ask him?" he pursed his lips. 
"What the hell!!?" Lou choked on his saliva to watch Cane made such face. This was even scarier than when the lycan killed the four Brinetallon in a mere second! "What is wrong with him?!!" 
Lu shifted his attention toward Lou and this made the merchant felt better. He would rather face the angry Cane than... what the hell he was actually doing earlier?! 
"This is Lu, the lycan." Iris tried to explain, since she could understand how weird it must be for Lou to see Cane made such expression. 
"C- can you tell him not to scare me by making that expression again?" Lou felt that expression would hunt him for the rest of his life! Cane was pouting? Heaven! He had never imagined he would witness an absurdity in this precarious situation. 
"Lu..." Iris held Lu back when he tried to approach Lou, his expression was furious and this actually made Lou think twice about his statement earlier. 
"Can’t I rip his face? I don’t like it." Lu frowned. He finally shifted his attention back to Iris when she touched his face and made him looked at her. 
"Lu, where is Cane? Can I have him back?" 
Yet, Lu’s eyes fell on her stomach and a big smile appeared on his lips, as he knelt down in front of her and kissed her belly. 
"Babies..." Lu placed his palm on Iris’s belly carefully, as if he was touching something precious and fragile, he was in awe and Iris didn’t have a heart to ruin this moment for him, while Lou had learned his lesson and shut his mouth. 
The merchant was still trying to comprehend the situation and how this lycan took over Cane’s body, even after he shifted back into his human form. Was it mean, there were two souls inside Cane’s body? This was interesting, but mortifying at the same time. 
"They are beautiful. They are beautiful like you, my sweet moon..." Lu kissed her belly again, while Iris gave in and caressed his head. His red eyes emanated genuine happiness. The lycan was way more expressive than Cane when he showed how much he was happy right now. "My lovely babies..." 
This time, Lu put his ear on her belly and closed his eyes to hear the heartbeat of their little ones, he told her about it. 
"It sounds like a little bird flapping its wings," Lu said with closed eyes. He sighed deeply. 
Cane didn’t allow him to go out and the more he was in tune with his power and how he could grasp the way to control it, Cane actually could suppress Lu really well. 
Yet, when Cane opened his eyes, they returned to the color of black. The assertive look on his expression was back. 
Cane stood up and took Iris’s hand. "We need to go now." 
Lou stared at Cane intensely, probably, this was the first time he paid very close attention to him to even noticed the length of scar on his face. 
"Is it really you, right?" Lou asked dumbfoundedly. 
================================= 
"The only way for us to stop this assault is to close the portal!" Liam said, he was with Abby in the south shelter, he talked to Ethan and Koda. 
"But, how to close the portal?!" Koda asked he looked furious. Just after he thought the throne was within his reach this thing happened. "What about your magic users?! None of them can do something about it?!" 
"We need more magic stone! We have closed two portals, but it kept appearing, right now there are around nine portals that keep sending monsters!" Cedric explained. 
The shelters were the safest places in the pack when you were under attack, but it didn’t mean, they were no longer in danger. 
Of course, if the monsters managed to break into their line of protection, all of them would be dead, since people here were only a mere pack member. 
"Can’t you do something?! You are a Serafim, right?!" Koda looked at Abby, who had been silence all this time. 
"Where is alpha Cane?!" Liam asked to divert Koda’s question. 
"We are looking for him and the luna!" Ethan replied, frustrated because he couldn’t find them in this shelter, while Aliana looked around with Eron and Dyne, just in case Iris was among these few thousand pack members. 
However, they were not the only one, who looked for the alpha, because far inside the shelter, along with the other pack member and her personal maids, Laluna hugged her baby and looked around her, she was trying to get a glimpse of Cane, but it seemed he was not here. 
Somehow, she would feel safer if she knew Cane was nearby, since she believed, the alpha is more than capable to turn things around. 
Sadly, she couldn’t find him. 
"Gather all the magic users here!" Abby ordered them. She had been silent all this time. 
"What are you going to do?" Liam seemed to know what was in her mind. "Serafim, what are you trying to do?" 
"I will call Sylphs." 
"You will not last for long!" Liam said through his gritted teeth. 
"Thirty minutes will be enough, during that time, they will be able to close all the portals." 
"This will not do, Serafim, you are still recovering from the last time you called the Sylphs, more so, you have been treating the illness from the pack member," Cedric chimed in. 
Koda scoffed. He couldn’t understand what the use of this Serafim to be here when she couldn’t do anything? 
"In this situation, shouldn’t you immediately do what she told you to do?" Koda glanced at Abby with a disdain in his eyes, if it was not because of her title, he wouldn’t be careful when he spoke about this matter. "If you are here trying to protect her without doing anything and let the portal keeps opened, what do you think you are going to do when everything becomes very late to be saved? She is here to help, right? But, why did you keep forcing her not to do anything?" 
"Watch your mouth!" Liam snarled at Koda. 
It seemed by the time Abby showed how incompetent she was, the more people didn’t respect her at all and this agitated her. She was not going to let them treating her the way she was treated in the Holy Kingdom. 
"Call all the magic users!" Abby snapped at Liam and Cedric. "Are you not going?! Are you trying to ignore my order?!" 
Without any other choice, they had to follow the command and rushed to gather all the magic user. 
Koda looked uncomfortable. He had a group of magic users too and he was on the verge of issuing an order for them to take care of this situation, but the Serafim was here and he couldn’t do that to avoid future trouble. 
He had heard how weak the current Serafim was, but at this point, it saved to say that this Serafim was borderline useless! 
"How is it?" Ethan asked Aliana and Eron, who returned with sour expression. 
"No, I can’t find the luna anywhere." Aliana shook her head. "I hope she is in the other shelters." 
Not long after, Dyne returned with Aderan. It seemed, he managed to get all the children and three alpha Nolan’s children with him here. 
"Where is Grace?" Aderan asked, his expression looked very panic. 
"I think Grace is in the other shelter," Aliana replied. "I saw her there earlier, she took care some injured warriors and knights." 
"I need to get her," Aderan said hastily. 
"What happened?" 
"That woman is about to give birth..." Dyne replied in small voice. He couldn’t mention Della in the open, after all, she was the former queen. 
"Giving birth? At time like this?" Ethan widened his eyes. "Can’t she hold it for a while?" 
That comment received a hit on the back of his head from Aliana. "Where is she? I know what to do," she said in hurry. 
Ten minutes later, the magic users that Abby called, came. 
So did Cane, Iris and Lou.
###Chapter 719: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (61)
Chapter 719: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (61)
As if the timing couldn’t be more bad, Della started to feel the contraction on her stomach. She knew the baby was coming, this was her month, but who would have thought it was the same time where they were under the monster attack. 
Amara and Tatiana were by her side, calming her down, but they didn’t know what to do to help, aside from rubbing her arm and held her hand. They didn’t know that giving birth could be this scary, since they had never witnessed one. 
"Where is Aderan?" Tatiana asked, she was on the verge of crying. She was younger than Amara by two years old. 
"I don’t know." Amara looked around, but he couldn’t see the man. He said he was going to get some help. 
Meanwhile, the pack member of the Golden Light pack only watched, they didn’t do anything to help. In their mind, Cane and Alpha Colter’s people didn’t deserve their sympathy, since they were literally war prisoner. Not to mention how bad alpha Colter’s warriors treated them all this time, they had been turned into slave. 
"Is she going to die?" Tatiana asked in small, shaking voice. Della looked so pale and sweat broke on her forehead, as she kept whimpering and breathing irregularly. 
"Don’t talk nonsense..." Tatiana reprimanded Amara. Both of them didn’t know that Della was the former queen, since they had never stepped into the capital city, so did the other pack member in this Golden Light pack. 
Meanwhile, the children that they brought from the black market were all crying, because they were already fond of Della. 
"Ad- Aderan... where is Aderan...?" Della looked for her mate, she wanted her mate to comfort her, but he was nowhere to be seen, which made her even more scared for her life and their baby. 
Thankfully, it didn’t take long before Aderan returned with Aliana, Ethan, Eron and Dyne. However, none of them were a healer. 
"Aderan..." Della whimpered, she stretched out her hand toward her mate, tears stained her face, as she tried to hold back the pain. "It’s so painful..." 
Aliana calmed herself down, they needed to find their luna, but Iris was not here and their only solace was the thought she was with the alpha and probably, she was in the other shelter, therefore, in the time being, Aliana needed to focus on what she could do to help. 
"Eron, Dyne, take the children from here, they shouldn’t watch this. Amara, Tatiana, stay and help me. Aderan take her to the quiet corner over there. Ethan, I need you to get me warm water and towel." Aliana fired order to people around her that could help to alleviate the stress of the situation. 
In the slavery, with so many women were being raped and there were so many children were being born, Aliana was used to help during their delivery, thus she knew what to do. She had given birth herself... 
Hearing the order, they immediately moved as per her instruction. They didn’t waste a second, while the other pack member had this impassive look on their face. 
Once Della had been moved, Aliana immediately checked on the baby, while Aderan stayed with Della to give support and whispered a few words to her ear, giving courage that she needed. 
"H- How is she?" Aderan had never been so scared like this in his entire life, not when he faced his alpha after he was caught of trying to flee this continent with Della, neither when he kidnapped Alpha Nolan’s son. 
If something happened to Della and their child, he didn’t know what to feel, probably his time during the slavery would be so pale in comparison for the fear of that thought. 
"Aliana?!" Aderan became a little bit agitated when Aliana didn’t answer his question. 
On the other hand, Aliana furrowed her brows, she had this complicated look on her face. There was complication with the baby and they indeed needed a healer. 
"Aderan, I think you need to get Grace here." Aliana didn’t explain further, but Aderan immediately knew there was something wrong with the situation. 
"No... I don’t want you to leave... please... don’t go..." Della begged, she was so scared to be surrounded by people that she was not close with. 
Seeing that, Aliana ordered Tatiana and Amara to swap their assignment with Eron and Dyne, and asked the warriors to get Grace from the other shelters. 
Tatiana and Amara immediately left, for them, staying with the children was a better option than to watch this. 
Meanwhile, all the magic users from the Holy Kingdom, who survived this monster attack had gathered with the Serafim and her five knights. At the same time of their arrival, Iris, Cane and Lou were there too. 
Lou helped Iris to get off the black beast’s back carefully and Ethan caught the sight of them, though it was weird to see the three of them were together and rather in harmony, the gamma didn’t have time for that and immediately approached them. 
"Heaven!" Ethan checked on Iris’s first. "Are you, okay? We looked for you and couldn’t find you, I thought you were in the other shelter!" He didn’t need to check on his alpha, as long as he was still standing, then it meant he was fine, more so with the merchant. He was there and breathing, it meant he was alive. 
"I am fine, we were attacked by monster," Iris said, she glanced at Abby, who was standing not too far from her, talking to the magic users, their eyes met for a brief second before she averted her gaze. 
"Alpha Cane! I am glad you are fine!" Koda approached Cane, he indeed looked glad to see him there. He would rather have a cooperation with Cane than with people from the Holy Kingdom. 
"How things here?" Cane asked, he held Iris’s hand and looked around this shelter. 
The shelter was located deep into the pack house, where it surrounded by rocks and dense trees, where now had withered. The ground was covered by snow and the trees and rocks looked the same, therefore if you were not familiar with this place, you might be lost. 
Yet, the trees and the rocks could be their perfect fortress to hide from the monster, as long as they were not, by chance, found the right way to reach them. 
"The Serafim planned to close the portals by using the Sylphs..." It was Ethan who reported everything to Cane, he also told him about Della’s condition, without mentioning her name. 
Right at that time, the Serafim approached them, once again, her eyes met with Iris, but she was the one, who averted her gaze first. 
Abby told Cane about her plan in detail and what she was going to do to close the portal, because if they didn’t do it, there was no way they would be able to survive this attack. The monsters kept coming out from those blackholes. 
There were around two hundreds magic users with them and they would put protection around this shelter. 
"Good news is, we can close the portal from here. We don’t need to be so close to the portals personally," Abby explained this to Cane and Koda. "But, we need all the warriors and the knights to stand by, in case the shield of protection cracked during the process, since closing the portal will expose our location, they will be able to see where the magic came from. I think this method is better than sending the magic users to be close with the portal personally and risk some of them died when the monster attacked." 
If they had to send these magic users out there to close the portal, there would be some knights and warriors, who died protecting them. 
But the negative side of this method, it could reveal this shelter. 
"What do you think?" Abby asked Cane’s suggestion, since all this time, he was the strategist of all their movement. 
"Let’s do it in your way, we will be able to minimize victims and save the magic stone, since we don’t have many now." 
They couldn’t waste the magic stone and it could be said as the only chance they had. 
Abby nodded and then instructed her people to be in their position, Koda had managed to get all of his warriors to come back here too, so did Cane’s people, his gamma had given an order for all the warriors to retreat. 
"What about the other shelter?" Iris asked. Earlier Ethan said Jace, Grace and the other were in the other shelter and she was worried about them. 
"Once the magic users tried to close the portal, the monsters will be drawn to this place. The other shelter will be fine," Abby replied. "You better join the other people, luna Iris." 
Abby felt very bad for this satisfaction feeling she felt because she could do something Iris couldn’t, which meant, she was not that weak to the point someone like Iris could overpower her. This feeling was petty and vindictive, but she couldn’t help it. 
"She is right, let’s go join them," Lou said enthusiastically, wanting to take Iris away from here, he was having a headache and needed time to discern the shocking news about Cane. 
"Go with Ethan," Cane said, as he caressed Iris’s cheek. He only wanted his mate to be safe. 
Not long after that, the magic users started their assignment, this place was covered by transparent shield, which looked stronger than the one, Lou created before.
###Chapter 720: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (62)
Chapter 720: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (62)
"Luna Iris, I am glad to see you are fine! Are you hurt somewhere?" Eron asked Iris, he sighed deeply in relief when he saw her. 
"I am fine, Eron. I am glad you are fine too," Iris said. She was more than grateful when she didn’t feel any repercussion after using her power to break the black magic that controlled the monster. She was afraid her babies would take the brunt, that’s why she didn’t make a fuss when Cane told her to take some rest. 
Right now, Cane was with Koda and the Serafim, he took the frontline, just in case the protection was broken and the monsters managed to infiltrate this place before the portals were closed. 
Apparently, they couldn’t bother the magic users and when one of the magic users stepped out of their formation, all of their efforts would go to the drain. 
"We have been looking for you, luna," Dyne chimed in. "But, we believe the alpha will protect you! We are right!" 
Lou cleared his throat unhappily. "Excused me, I was with them. Do you think I don’t have any contribution?" 
"What a merchant can do to fight against a monster?" Eron narrowed his eyes and Lou was speechless. He couldn’t tell them his contribution and Ethan guffawed within. 
However, the topic didn’t last long because their attention was distracted by the transparent shield filled with magic, one wouldn’t be able to realize it if they didn’t pay close attention. 
"What is happening here?" Eron and Dyne were flabbergasted to see the shield canopied a large area of the shelter. "Everything is fine here?" 
"Yes, the Serafim told the magic users to protect this place, as they are going to close the portals," Ethan explained briefly. He glanced at Lou, who came with them. What he was doing here? He didn’t remember the merchant was being invited to join them, but he plastered next to Iris. 
"Ah, but we need to go!" Eron said abruptly, remembered the urgency of the task that was given to them. "We need to get Grace!" 
"What happened? You should be with the children, right?" Ethan narrowed his eyes at the two of them and a bad feeling crept in. 
Dyne and Eron didn’t have any idea about the detail of reason why Aliana told them to get Grace, but they were sure, this was not something good. 
"So sad, you can’t leave the area," Lou said. 
"Why?" Eron shifted his attention at the merchant. 
Lou clicked his tongue and nodded at the shield. "The protection spell has been activated. People from inside can’t go out, it works the other way around. You will mess with the protection if you insisted to go out. I don’t think that woman over there will be happy." Lou nodded at the Serafim. He was bothered by the fact she looked like Iris, especially with their eyes, though the color of their hair was not in the same exact shade. 
"Let me see her, where is she?" Iris urged them hastily. 
Only then they remembered, their luna was a healer too! 
"Right, right! This way, luna! Careful with your steps!" Eron and Dyne immediately escorted Iris to where Della was, they practically shoved Lou to the side. 
"Hey! She needs to rest!" Lou protested, but he followed them too, while grumbling, while Ethan fetched the hot water that he had to bring. 
Aliana sighed in relief when she saw Iris was fine, but currently there was another urgent matter at hand, thus after checking on the luna and was convinced she was fine, they put their focus on Della. 
"The baby doesn’t want to come out." Aliana furrowed her brows. "My best guest the baby is in breech position." 
Ethan and Eron helped Iris to sit down, after they placed their cloak to cover the ground. Their luna was heavily pregnant too. 
"Yes, the baby is in breech position," Iris said, because she could see the baby’s wolf spirit. The baby was getting weak, so did Della. "How long it has been like this?" 
"Three hours more or less," Aderan replied, he couldn’t think clearly, especially when Della lost her strength to even cry in pain. 
Iris stretched out her hand and held Della. "I can keep her strong enough to deliver the baby, but if the baby is in breech position, I don’t know what to do. And if the baby is not coming out soon, the baby will be in danger." The baby would die in Della’s womb. 
Iris could keep Della awake and strong enough to push the baby, but the problem was with the baby’s position. They really needed Grace and her knowledge about this kind of situation. 
"Can’t you just turn the baby around?" Lou asked lightly, he was interested to see a woman gave birth. He had never seen this kind of thing before. Well, this situation would keep him from getting bored. It was better than sitting alone and doing nothing. 
"It’s not that simple," Aliana said. When they were in the slavery, there were two cases like this and both resulted of the death of the mother and their baby, because there was nothing they could do without a healer. 
Meanwhile, Iris kept Della awake, while trying to numb her pain so she wouldn’t suffer so much, as she stared at the little wolf spirit that seemed to struggle, the little one seemed to be choked and was in pain. 
Out of instinct, Iris stretched out her hand. She didn’t know what came to her, but her body seemed to remember something, this feeling like she had been in this kind of situation before. Probably, this was not her memory, but the memory from the first Serafim, as she was a great healer. At some point, Na must have come across situation like this. 
That was why, with her life essence was inside Iris, so did her memories, her body and her power seemed to remember what to do. 
Iris placed her hand on top of Della’s stomach and touched the wolf spirit. Warm light covered her palm and the same light seeped into Della’s stomach, spread to her whole body. 
Eron, Dyne and Aderan, who discussed about what they needed to do immediately shut their mouth when they witnessed this. All the pack member of the Golden Light pack turned their head to see what light was that, since it shone brighter and brighter, until the people from the front noticed this light. 
Abby turned around to see what was happening and her heart almost dropped when the air spirit that she summoned disappeared from her side and appeared behind Iris, yet the luna didn’t seem to notice this, since her focus was on Della and her baby. 
Aliana and all the people around Iris gasped to see this air spirit was standing behind their luna, bending her body and kissed her head. 
Aliana and some of the people had seen the Sylphs before and some of them knew about this air spirit, but the Sylphs was supposed to be with the Serafim. 
"What the hell is happening...?" Lou was dumbfounded just like the other people. He had learned and witnessed a lot of shocking things today and he didn’t think his mind could handle to receive more. "What is she?" 
They held their breath, the sight of it was breathtaking, as if the luna was surrounded by warm lights, as if the sun finally shone again. This light was not blinding, but you could feel the warm of it, especially in this winter and somehow, it reduced their agitation and fear because of their current predicament. It gave them hope and comfort. 
"Luna... it’s..." Eron wanted to tell her about what they were witnessing, but he didn’t know what to say. He could only point his finger at the Sylphs, which took form of a beautiful woman, like fairy. 
"Aliana, the baby!" Iris suddenly spoke, which startled all of them. "Check the baby!" 
"Oh... oh, right..." Aliana stammered and tried to refocus on the matter at hand, while Della whimpered, she felt less pain, but she was very tired. She wanted this to end quickly and fall asleep. "You can push now, Della! I can see the head!" 
There was this small uproar when Aliana said that and people became more and more interested with the whole process of this, but their main focus was still on the Sylphs behind the luna, who bent her body and kissed Iris head from behind. 
"Push, Della, push! I can see the baby!" Aliana gave her the courage, while Ethan forced Lou and the other men to turn their body around, shielded the sight from other people to stare at, while Aderan held Della’s other hand and encouraged his mate. 
A moment later, the cry of the baby filled the air. The baby cried so hard, as if to announce her existence to the world. 
"It’s a girl! It’s a baby girl!" Aliana said, her voice was shaking she felt this mixed feeling when she held this newborn baby that was still bleeding, tears rolled down her eyes, as a few memories flashes in her mind. She always caught up with this feeling, whenever she saw a newborn baby. 
The baby was crying. Aliana was very grateful the baby was crying, because hers was not. 
But at the same time, they could hear like a loud voice like thunder and vicious growls echoed, while the ground was shaking. 
The monsters were here! 
Now it was a testament for the protection the magic users put around them.
###Chapter 721: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (63)
Chapter 721: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (63)
"What is happening? What is that thing behind luna Iris?"
"I think that kind of spirit, I heard a Serafim is a bridge between living being and spirit." 
"And then why that spirit with the luna?" 
"Maybe the Serafim lent it to her?" 
"Yes, I think it worked like that." 
People talked about the Sylphs that appeared with Iris, but right now the same spirit had returned to be by the Serafim’s side once the birthing process was completed safely and both mother and daughter were fine. 
As a shifter, Della would recover quickly, her healing ability would make sure she would return to her normal health in a matter of a few hours and tomorrow she would be like usual, especially when Iris had helped with the healing process too. 
Currently, the Sylphs returned to be by Abby’s side, while people assumed the Serafim was kind enough to help with the birthing process, but Abby and her five knights knew that was not the case, but it was not only them, who didn’t buy with people’s assumption. 
However, in this moment, there was no time to dispute over that matter, because currently, they were surrounded by monster and even though the shield looked strong enough to hold them back, but the sight of thousand of monsters would easily make you forgot to breath. 
Children were crying, people trembling and the warriors and knights were on their high alert, ready to have the most vicious fight once the protection was broken. 
Cedric stood in the front, leading his knights, while beside him was a black beast, leading all the warriors, yet Koda was nowhere to be seen, though half of the warriors were the member of his pack. He put the responsibility on Cane completely to lead his own warrior. 
"You don’t realize that, luna?" Aliana asked, she stared at Iris after she finished telling her what had happened when she helped with the delivery. 
Iris shook her head. "No, I don’t." She was sitting next to Aliana, while staring at the monsters outside of the protection. She wondered how that could happen, but right now her curiosity was on the back of her mind because of how nervous she was. 
She knew Cane would be in the front line and if the protection was broken... Iris didn’t even want to think of the possibility. At this moment, there was nothing they could do, but prayed there was no mishap in the Serafim’s plan. 
"One more portal has closed!" a sorcerer announced it, as they managed to close another portal. "Four more to go!" 
Aliana wanted to ask about what happened earlier again, but she clamped her mouth when she watched how scared Iris was, thus she held her hand to comfort her and stayed silent. 
Aderan stayed behind to accompany his mate and their newborn baby daughter, while Ethan and the other had gone to the front line to be with their alpha and the other warriors. 
Lou was sitting a little bit far from Iris, he had this impassive expression, he didn’t look approachable and no one wanted to sit close to him, but the merchant couldn’t care less about that. There were a lot of things going on in his mind to even notice that. 
He couldn’t understand how Iris could do that and how? People whispered about the Serafim lent the air spirit to her, but Lou found that very ridiculous. 
He saw the expression the Serafim had when the Sylph was with Iris, that was not the look that you would make if you knew what you were doing. The Serafim was in complete shock and she didn’t even try to hide it. 
"One more portal has closed!" The same sorcerer in his white cloak announced it, as they managed to close another portal. "Three more to go!" 
A few minutes later he announced the same thing. 
"One more portal has closed! Two more to go!" 
People held their breath when another announcement was made. 
"One more portal has closed! One more to go!" 
If they managed to close all the portal, the magic users could use their power to fight the monsters. It would be a tight fight, but with the Sylph to boast their power, they would have unlimited power to do their magic. As long as the Serafim could maintain the Sylph until the end, they would be fine. 
People prayed for this nightmare to stop and even most of the children had stopped crying, they buried their face against their mother’s chest and sobbed softly, afraid to see the monsters. 
Iris hugged her stomach, she felt her babies were kicking from inside, they might be able to sense her nervousness and worried for their father. 
Cane, please be safe. Please, protect him... 
That was the pray that Iris kept repeating in her heart like a charm. She held Aliana’s hand tightly, she was grateful Aliana was here. 
Iris glanced at the baby in Della’s arms and watched the love in her eyes for her beautiful daughter. She imagined it was her, who held her own babies two months from now with Cane by her side. The thought of it gave her happiness and made her less anxious. 
However, when Iris saw the little spirit wolf close to the baby, she wondered, why she couldn’t see her babies’ wolf spirit? If she could feel the other wolf spirit, even the unborn one, why she couldn’t feel her own babies’? Didn’t this work the same? 
She even could feel Renee, Avid’s mate’s pregnancy, she knew she was pregnant, but she didn’t know about hers until Cane called Grace to check on her. 
Iris caressed her stomach and her babies moved again. 
"All the portal is closed!" the magic users announced it and everyone cheered happily, as they hugged each other. 
Though they had not yet gone through their precarious situation, but at the very least, they had solved their main trouble. 
The warriors and the knights looked visibly relief as well. 
"You have done a great job, Serafim," Liam said to Abby. She managed to maintain the Sylph this far and stand strongly. 
Abby sighed in relief too, but it had not done yet. There were thousand of monsters they had to deal with. She gritted her teeth and determined to give her all in this. 
People cheered and their spirit was good because they managed to close all the portals. There would be no additional monsters they needed to fight off. 
"We will be fine, luna!" Aliana said, tried to hype Iris up, because her face still looked worried, despite all the cheers around them. 
Iris smiled, but said nothing. She caressed her stomach, her babies became very active and to feel their movement was comforting enough for Iris. She didn’t know why, but she felt very restless. Her heart thumped wildly, but she thought it was because she was worried about Cane. She wanted him to be with her here, just like what Aderan accompanied Della and their newborn. 
Iris wanted his mate... 
She couldn’t forsake this feeling. 
Right before her eyes, people gawked when they saw the two hundred magic users created fire balls that they launched toward the monsters, burned them. But, the color of these fireballs was actually white, it was like white fire, if they could say. 
Since the Sylph helped them to boast their magic, the color of their magic followed the spirit too. 
Half of the monsters were dead, but the remaining monsters still tried to break the protection. Even after half of them died, their number still could bring danger and significant damage if the shield was broken. 
A dozen Brinnetalons were dead in a single attack and countless goblin burned into ashes, Vermeyes, Deadeyes and many more monsters, in every second the air smelled like rotten meat, as the ashes of the monsters covered the ground. Snow started to fall and their spirit was so high despite how cold the weather was. 
Aliana took off her cloak when she saw Iris hugged herself. 
"No, I am fine, Aliana." Iris refused when Aliana put the cloak on her, but she insisted. 
"You need this. Think about your babies. Just because you are not sick often anymore, it doesn’t mean you can be reckless with your health." 
The moment Aliana brought her babies into consideration, Iris couldn’t retort and Aliana knew about that. She smiled triumphantly. 
Aderan then came over and draped his own cloak on Aliana. He only nodded at the two of them and returned to his mate and their baby. 
"They have gone through a lot." Aliana stared at the new family of three and could feel their warm and love, even in this nightmare. 
Iris remembered more than a year ago when she found the two of them inside the library and learned their relationship. "You are right, they have gone through a lot to be together." Iris couldn’t imagine how desperate Aderan wanted to be with the queen when everything was against them. 
However, here they were, having their moment together and dreamed of a family with their little one. 
"They deserve happiness," Aliana said softly. 
Iris squeezed her hands. "You also deserve happiness, Aliana." 
Aliana turned her head and stared at Iris, she chuckled. "I know what you meant, luna. But, I don’t think I can see Ethan more than a brother." 
"Maybe it’s because you don’t want to open your heart, Aliana." 
Aliana smiled. "I don’t have heart to be offered to him, luna." 
Iris wanted to talk, but horror filled her eyes when that ominous feeling returned.
###Chapter 722: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (64)
Chapter 722: BLACK RAIN AND DARK SKY (64)
The magic users dropped to their knees when they managed to kill all the monsters, burned them into ashes and automatically got them out of this dangerous situation. The feeling of relief flooded in their system. 
On the other hand, Abby almost fell to her knees too if it was not for Liam, who caught her limp body. The Sylph had disappeared because they had managed to achieve their goal. More so, Abby didn’t think she could sustain the air spirit longer than this. 
Yes, she did not pass out like last time, but it didn’t mean she felt good either, her head was spinning. 
"Come here, sit here. You have done a great job, Abby," Liam whispered to her ear, as he carried Abby in his arms and sat her down on a big rock, letting her to lean against his shoulder. 
"Thank you," Abby said softly. She felt good to hear someone appreciated her effort, because a praise came to her very seldom, she didn’t even remember when the last time she heard someone praised her for what she had done or what she had achieved, since she had never felt, she ever achieved anything. 
Aside from her knights and people, who didn’t know her and saw her as a Serafim only, Abby didn’t think people in the Holy Kingdom was proud of her. She used to disappoint them and they didn’t even try to find a nice word when they voice this out. 
However, this calm and the feeling of relief didn’t last for long. 
When everyone thought everything was already over and they would be able to catch their breath, they would realize it was only the beginning. 
The shield of protection had been dropped and the warriors and knights were ready to go out from here, to comb this area, just in case they found another monster that managed to escape. They also needed to see the other shelter and prayed there was no damage that was happening there. 
Yet, before they could do as they had planned, all of sudden a portal was opened once again, this time, it opened right above the formation of two hundred magic users, who were still sitting on the ground, relinquished their exhaustion, thus they didn’t expect this to happen, especially when this portal was very close to them. 
And before they could react, a big foot appeared and crushed four of them, blood sprayed everywhere, followed by screams, as fear grasped their reality one more time to see a creature in monstrous size. 
"Nefilim..." Abby breathed the name of the creature before her eyes. She couldn’t believe she would witness a living Nefilim in her life. 
Nefilim was a creature that was extinct five hundred years ago when the first Serafim fought Decratic. All Nefilim were being hunted, along with the worshiper, Decratic’s loyal follower. 
Abby learned about this creature from a literature and was being taught by the previous Serafim about this. Still, this creature was only a literature in Abby’s mind, until a second ago. 
The creature that supposed to be extinct five hundred years ago, appeared before their eyes, very much alive! 
"No... there is no way..." 
Nefilim was a barbaric, they were even more brutal and cruel than those Savages, but with the size of ten times of those savages. Their height could reach ten to fifteen meters. They were aggressive and destructible creature, not to mention they were also cannibal, as they would eat anything they could find. 
"Ah!" Abby turned her head when she witnessed the Nefilim caught one of the magic users and bit him off, munching on his upper body and tossed his remaining. 
Nefilim was very strong and their skin was very thick, it would be hard to take them down and one more thing that gave them dread was the fact not all magic could work on them. 
One Nefilim was enough to create unimaginable damage, let alone two or three, but right now there were five of them. 
"Close the portal! Close the portal!" 
There were a lot of shouts, a lot of screams and a lot of vicious growls filled the crisp, cold air, while white snow fell from the dark sky. Torches were extinguished and luminous pearls were being crushed, leaving them in the dark. 
People were running for their lives, the pack member shifted into their beast and the warriors and knights tried their absolute hardest to take down these monsters. But, it was clear to see it was not an easy feat. 
Around two hundred magic users were crushed and scattered within a blink of an eye, once the Nefilim filled this area. 
Their magic stones were not enough to cause damage on this Nefilim, since they had never faced one before. This monster was a myth from the ancient times when the first Serafim still lived. The first monster that she wiped out, since they were easily controlled by Decratic. 
Meanwhile, Abby couldn’t summon the Sylph again because she didn’t have enough strength to do that and Liam immediately took her to runaway to the safety, while Cedric led the knights to fight the Nefilim to death. 
Even so, their effort was pale in comparison to the result they wanted to achieve. 
The sixth Nefilim stepped out from the portal and you could imagine what kind of destruction these giant monsters had caused and how many people had to meet their demise. This was frightening, blood sprayed on the cold ground and fear clutched their chest tightly, the air was so heavy. 
The feeling of relief had evaporated in a mere second and their hope to survive was crushed. 
A breath of an air came when the warriors and knights from the shelter in the east came to assist them, thinking to check on them to see what was going on, since the monsters came toward this direction and they heard loud sounds from here.
Still, it was not enough. 
"What the hell with those monsters?! What is that?! Nefilim?! I thought they were only myth! What next?! A dragon?!" Lou kept cursing under his breath, as he helped Iris to runaway from this dangerous area. He reminded him again and again to at least have a dozen of magic stones in his pocket. 
But then, Lou remembered Cane had destroyed the black market. Though, the magic stone mine was fine, since it connected to their escape route and he covered it with magic, so no one would be able to find it, except from him, but to get there would be pain in the ass! 
"Don’t jinx!" Aliana growled at Lou. At this point, she believed everything. 
Lou grumbled, but he stopped voicing out what he thought, still he didn’t stop cursing in his mind. "This will not do!" he saw how Iris was having a hard time to keep her pace, her face scrunched in pain, as she put her hands under her stomach. She breathed irregularly, as they tried to escape the mess. 
Running away with them was Aderan, Della and their baby, also Tatiana, Amara, their younger brother and the children from the black market, while Eron and Dyne brought the rear, as they were in their beast form, trying to protect them, even though it looked an impossible task! 
If thousand of knights and warriors couldn’t take down the Nefilim, what the two of them could do? But, they needed to do everything they could. 
One of Nefilim managed to be taken down, but there were nine more of them, since this nightmare would never end, for as long as the portal was not close. They needed to take care of that first, but the problem was; most of the magic users were dead now! 
Even if there were some of them, they didn’t have enough power to perform their magic. 
"I- I can’t... I – can’t run anymore..." Iris stopped, she wanted to drop to her knees and hug herself, she felt this cramp on her stomach. She couldn’t take another step. 
"No! No! You need to get up! Do you want to be a snack for those ugly monsters?!" What Lou was worried the most happened, Iris reached her limits and she didn’t have enough strength to even stand straight. 
Aliana looked around, panic on her face. Not so far from them, there were barricades of knights and warriors, they tried to buy them some time to escape, but surely enough it wouldn’t last long. 
The pack member that managed to escape, scattered to all direction, but most of them had died during the first attack. They were instructed to go to the other shelter, but it was doubtful whether they listened to this or not. 
"Lou! Create the portal and get us out of here!" Aliana hissed to the merchant, so the other wouldn’t hear what she said. This was not the time for them to keep secret. 
"How? Give me magic stones and I will take you out of this mess!" Lou also wanted to escape from this hellish situation, especially when he saw Iris was not in a good condition, but what he could do without magic stone? He was not a Serafim, who could have unlimited power to perform their magic. 
"You are a magic user? You can create a portal?" 
Lou and Aliana startled when they heard the Serafim’s voice, they didn’t even realize she and her knight had joined them and even listened to their conversation. 
"I can summon the sylph and you must create a portal to get us out of here!" 
Right at that time, Iris stood up.
###Chapter 723: BLINDING LIGHT
Chapter 723: BLINDING LIGHT
Lou gritted his teeth. He couldn’t bear to see how miserable Iris was. The fuck with secret, he was going to create a portal and send her to a safe place if he had a chance to do so! 
But the problem was; he didn’t have magic stone with him! 
Thus, when he heard the Serafim’s offer, he hesitated a bit before he agreed. The curse in his head was getting loud the moment he agreed to reveal himself as a sorcerer, especially in front of the Serafim. He didn’t like people to see this side of him. 
Yet, Iris’s pale face and how she was having a hard time to breath and was in so much pain drove him crazy. He might regret his decision later when the situation had calmed enough. 
But right now, this was the only thing he could do to save them from this hellish nightmare. 
"Fine, do it! Call that thing!" Lou said, his words came out harsher than he intended and Liam gave him a nasty look for the way he talked to the Serafim, but the merchant couldn’t care less about that. 
The thing about portal was; not all the magic user could create portal. If you were not born with the ability, no matter how hard you tried to learn, you wouldn’t be able to create one. 
That was why when Abby overheard what Aliana talked to Lou, she immediately came up with this idea. 
"I will summon the Sylph, but I don’t think I can hold on for long, so I need everyone to move fast." Abby stared at the scared children, who had been crying out of fear. "Do you have a safe place to go?" 
Lou glanced at Iris when Abby said she couldn’t hold the Sylph for long. "Howling Wolf pack," he blurted out and Aliana agreed with him. Their pack was so far from all of this battle and it was indeed the right option for them to take. 
"Okay." Abby nodded, she closed her eyes and tried to concentrate to summon the air spirit once again, but she failed in the first attempt, on the second attempt, she was almost there, but it was obvious she was having a hard time. 
"Abby..." Liam wanted to tell her to stop forcing herself, but a single glare from her was enough to make him backed off.
He knew what she felt. Abby had wanted to prove herself over and over again because she was well aware how weak her divine power was. None of them could understand how hard she had trained herself only to meet with their disappointed eyes. 
"Argh!" Abby growled, she was angry with herself because she failed for the third time, especially when Lou criticized her. 
"Are you sure you can do it?" Lou frowned, the looked of disappointment in his eyes, which was something that Abby hated the most. 
On the other hand, Iris felt very weird with her body, it felt like she was floating, she felt so light, as if she weighed nothing. The mess of commotion faded away on the back of her mind when she tried to focus on the pain on her stomach. She prayed there was nothing happened to her babies, but that was the time when her mind went blank. 
She was sure she didn’t pass out, but it almost felt like her body didn’t belong to her anymore and when she moved, she did it like she was half dreaming, like she was drunk, but she was still aware of her surroundings. 
This was a weird feeling. 
Iris stood up and raised both of her hands, as bright warm light appeared from her palms and this caught everyone’s attention, especially when the Sylph appeared before her eyes. The Sylph appeared so big, almost as big as the Nefilim. 
"What is happening here...?" Della muttered under her breath, she had seen the Sylph before when she gave birth to her daughter, but because she was in distressful situation, she didn’t have time to think of anything and only focused on her baby and how to survive the delivery. 
"Is that air spirit?" Eron had shifted into his human form, so did Dyne. 
"I thought only the Serafim, who could call the water spirit?" Dyne chimed in. 
Lou and Aliana said nothing, while the latter paid close attention to the luna, the former glanced at the Serafim. Lou could see the look of surprised on her face and this solidified his suspicion that she also didn’t know why Iris could summon the Sylph. 
However, when Lou shifted his attention toward Iris, he noticed something. The look on her eyes. She didn’t seem to be aware of what she was doing. She looked like she was daydreaming instead. 
Behind Abby, Liam gritted his teeth. He didn’t understand why the same thing happened again and why this luna could summon the air spirit. This didn’t make any sense. He glanced at Abby and the Serafim looked like she was going to cry and have an outburst. This was a humiliation for her. 
"Lou! Do it!" Aliana snapped. 
They were amazed by what Iris could do, until they forgot their main reason of why they summoned the water spirit at the first place, the battle behind them was also forgotten for a moment. 
"Oh, right!" Lou shook his head and tried to concentrate. He could feel this divine power from the Sylph and this was the first time for Lou to use divine power for his magic and the feeling was mystifying. 
He created the portal easily and more precisely. 
It was Eron, who came first into the portal, followed by the children, Tatiana, Amara and their brother. Aliana decided to stay with Iris and Dyne came with the children, so did Della, Aderan and their newborn baby, all of them stepped into the portal. 
"Do you want to come too?" Lou asked the Serafim, he looked at Abby and Liam back and forth. If they were going to be this weak and couldn’t do anything to help, it would be better if they stayed away from here. It would help in that way. 
More so, Lou didn’t like the look on the Serafim’s face when she gawked at Iris. 
"I am going to stay," Abby said. 
Lou glanced at Aliana and she didn’t move from where she was standing, so Lou assumed that was all. 
Meanwhile, the other pack member, who managed to runaway from the attack approached them when they saw the Sylph, assuming this was the Serafim, who had created the portal for them to escape, so they rushed into the portal too. 
People flocked in this area and Lou created another portal to send them all to the Howling Wolf pack. 
Everyone would be surprised to see there were so many people appeared out of nowhere, but there would be Eron, Dyne and Aderan, who would explain the situation. 
Lou closed the portal when the last person had stepped in. 
"So, what are you going to do now with those Nefilims?" Lou asked Iris, but for some reason, he felt a little bit circumspect in his way to talk with her, as if there was something inside of him that prevented him from acting so recklessly with her like usual. 
Iris didn’t answer Lou, instead she walked toward those Nefilim and this made Aliana freaked out. 
"No, no! Don’t get closer! You will get hurt!" Aliana tried to stop Iris, but she couldn’t even touch her, as if there was this protection that surrounded her body, as if there was this transparent glass that shrouded the luna, preventing any disturbs from outside. 
Lou pulled Aliana back and shook his head, indicating for her to wait and see what Iris was going to do. 
"She looks possessed," Lou commented. 
He was right in this matter, Iris looked like she was not herself when she approached the battlefield. Some of the warriors shifted into their human form and told Iris to back off, they looked at Aliana and tell her to take the luna away from there because this place was very dangerous. 
However, Aliana shook her head. "I can’t get close to her, you can try." 
She was right, none of them could get close to Iris. They couldn’t touch her. 
At the same time, two Nefilims managed to break the line that the knights and warriors created, the two giants rushed toward where Iris was standing, in which the air spirit stood in front of her, to shield her. 
But, from what Lou knew, Sylph was not an offensive spirit, they were a defensive spirit, they were protector. 
From afar, they could see black beast rushed toward them. It was the alpha, it was easy to recognize him among the other beast, since his beast was bigger and faster than the other. 
When the two Nefilims were about to attack the Sylph, in extent was Iris. The black beast lunged forward and shifted into his lycan form, as black wisp appeared like thousand of spears in the air and at the same time, a blinding white light burst from the Sylph, blinding their sights. 
It was a chaotic situation, where everyone couldn’t see and the prolonged dark sky turned bright, as if the sun finally shone again. 
Being in the dark for long, they were forced to close their eyes and couldn’t see what actually was going on and the only thing they could do was hearing a loud rumbling sound from beneath them, as the ground was shaking violently.
###Chapter 724: THE BATTLE FROM THE PAST
Chapter 724: THE BATTLE FROM THE PAST
The power that came from the Sylph was strong enough to cast away the dark cloud that had prolonged adorned the sky. 
This divine power was beyond one could imagine. 
Everything was very bright, it was hard to see clearly, especially when you had been spending a lot of times in the dark, this kind of light would force you to close your eyes, make you unable to know what was happening around you, aside from two people... 
Iris could see how the Nefilims stopped moving and their bodies turned very stiff, as their dark eyes turned white because of the light. They let out vicious growl when they lost their ability to move and see. 
The other person, who could see this was the lycan. The cursed beast shifted into his human form and fixed his gaze on Iris, behind the transparent figure of the Sylph. He stood there, staring at her without saying anything, as if he moved or if he made a noise, the sight before his eyes would disappear. 
And when Iris raised both of her hands, the salamander appeared on her palms. The creature was as big as a kitten now with its scaly skin had turned bright red. 
The salamander jumped from her palms, since Iris would have a hard time to set it to the ground. 
Once the Salamander touched the ground, it opened its mouth and there was this fire that burned the two Nefilim before it, the fire added to the brightness and cast away the coldness, snow melted under them and the two giants were burned, faster than one could imagine. 
The fire didn’t stop, this fire looked like it had its own soul, as it danced in the air and spiraled around the next Nefilim, burned the next giant and it repeated in that way until the last Nefilim turned into ashes. 
It had been mentioned before that the Nefilim was rather immune to magic, where not all magic could work on them, thus for them to be able to be burned like this, this must be a very strong magic. 
"Na..." Lu muttered under his breath. He had witnessed this power before and was familiar with it. He wanted her to see him, but like before, it would always be him, who had his eyes on her. Not even once, she glanced toward his direction. 
However, it was enough, seeing her was enough... 
Wasn’t that what he always did? Stared at her from afar and witnessed how radiant she was. 
The world for them had turned white with the flames danced in the air. It was very quiet, everything went still and the time seemed to stop. 
Lu walked toward Na, longing in his eyes when she finally shifted her attention toward her and for a moment they only stared at each other. In this second, it felt like those five hundred years had never happened, the distance between them had vanished and it was only the two of them again. 
For five hundred years they had waited for this moment. Na had shattered her power and there were so many Serafims that had been born and died before she could reach this point to see him again, while Lu has been living as a soul without any form for so long, locked under the abandon temple.
"I have been waiting for you," Na said with a smile. Her blue eyes lit up, she beamed when Lu approached her. 
Yet, this ominous feeling came very fast, Na didn’t even realize it when someone hugged her from behind, placed his hand around her belly and tilted her head forcefully, as he kissed her deeply. 
"I have been waiting for you too," Decratic said against her lips, as he inserted his tongue into her mouth. 
Black wisp emanated from Lu’s body and plunged toward Decratic, the Sylph disappeared and the salamander stopped vomiting fire, the blinding light dimmed, leaving a clear night sky above their head with the moon shone dimly. 
The first thing everyone saw was the vicious black wisp that took form of spears and lunged toward a certain direction. 
Only then, people saw what actually the black wisp attacked. They saw Alan kissed the luna, hugging her from behind. 
This inappropriate sight left them dumbfounded. They were very shocked to see the black wisp and Alan, who all of sudden was here, until they didn’t realize the Nefilims had disappeared and turned into piles of ashes on the ground, where the snow had already melted. 
The world of white that happened a moment ago, seemingly lasted for a long time when as it turned out, it only transpired for a mere ten second, had come to end. 
"Luna Iris!" Aliana screamed, she shifted into her beast, thinking her luna was in danger. They had learned that Alan was not himself, he was the Decratic, who somehow took his form to live again in this realm. 
However, even before Aliana could reach Iris, Decratic had let her go and jumped back, where within a second Lu had Na by his side, as he attacked Decratic with the black wisp. 
The black wisp expanded and took form of dozen spears, where those spears attacked Decratic and left a deep hole on the ground every time it missed its target. 
Everyone didn’t have time to comprehend this situation, how Alan could be here or how the alpha could actually do that. Cane was a shifter, there was no doubt about it, but what he was doing right now clearly told them otherwise. 
No shifter could do magic, that was a basic knowledge. 
Yet, there were a lot of things that happened in such short period of time, which made their brain didn’t work for a while, they didn’t even know what they needed to think of first related of this situation and the whole things that transpired. 
It was still unclear whether they saw Cane shifted into his lycan form or not, because at the same time, the bright light blinded their sight. 
The fight didn’t last long, because when Alan jumped back, a portal had opened for him and he disappeared inside, at the same time, Iris dropped to her knees, holding her stomach, crying in pain. 
"The babies... I- it’s hurt..." Iris whimpered. 
Far in the north continent, inside the untouched land, near the border of the Celestial Moon pack. Decratic appeared near the cliff, as he came out of the portal, he created to escape from the lycan’s assault. 
He fell to his knees and elbows, as he vomited blood. 
"My lord!" Zeke immediately approached him, panic in his face when he saw Decratic was in his current state. "What happened?!" 
"Get that stupid man..." Decratic breathed raggedly. 
Zeke knew, who Decratic meant, it must be his grandson, Alan. He needed his life essence to regain his strength, since he took his form, that was why, they couldn’t kill that useless thing and Decratic was still not strong enough to not be attached to Alan. 
"Yes, yes, my lord." Zeke nodded vigorously, as he stood up and rushed toward a certain direction. They had spent their time in this place for months now and even though alpha Derick questioned them what they were doing in here, they couldn’t insist to get the answer from Zeke. 
It didn’t take long before Zeke returned with a lanky man, who had his hoodie covered his face. 
Zeke knew something like this would happen when Decratic planned to attack the Golden Light pack, knowing Iris was there. He didn’t do it sooner, because he needed a great power to create such massive attack, especially when he had to summon the Nefilim. 
Therefore, Zeke had prepared everything for him, including to tag Alan along with them here. 
Zeke kicked Alan’s leg, forcing him to kneel before Decratic and you could hear the whimpered sound from him. His body was so thin, as if he had lost all of his fat and left him with only bone and skin. 
And when his hoodie was being yanked from his head, one wouldn’t be able to recognize him. He was the spoiled crown prince, who feared nothing and always acted very recklessly with the protection of his father, but right now, even a slave was way healthier than him. 
"No... no... please..." Alan cried, he begged and begged, even when he knew it wouldn’t work at all. "Grandfather, please... please..." He tried to get away from Decratic clutch, but he didn’t have the strength to do so. He was malnourished and his current condition was really concerning. "Mother! Mother! Please! Arrgh!" 
Alan kept calling for his mother, despite lady Cyan had never paid attention to him, albeit he knew how much his mother hated him, but his first instinct was to call his mother, like a child, who sought for comfort from the person that dear to them. 
"Mother!" Alan screamed when Decratic sank his teeth on his neck, the pain was unbearable. He wanted to shake him off him, but he couldn’t do that. He wanted to run away, but it was impossible. 
It was already scary enough to see how this creature looked exactly like him when he still lived in the palace. 
On the other hand, Zeke stared at his grandson in disdain. The way Alan cried for help was very embarrassing and humiliating. If it was not for the sake of reviving their master, he would have killed this useless son of his daughter. 
His existence was a shame for his clan. 
Alan was not smart enough to be called as his grandson.
###Chapter 725: AN EARLY LABOR
Chapter 725: AN EARLY LABOR
"Call Grace!" Aliana immediately shouted, as Ethan and Jace came over to them. 
Zephyr shifted into his beast again and rushed toward the other shelter to fetch Grace over. Another fear gripped their heart when they saw Iris was in so much pain, bending her body, hugging her stomach with tears streamed down her face. 
She kept saying she was in pain and to help her babies. She was no longer in her reverie state, so did Cane. The lycan had withdrawn and Ethan could see that. He knew it was Lu when he saw the black wisp and his red eyes, at the time he fought the man that looked exactly like Alan. 
Everyone gasped when they saw red stained Iris’s lower dress when Cane picked her up to be carried to the side, where the warriors and the knights had taken off their cloaks and gathered them in one place, while Aliana rearranged it for Iris to lay down. She was trembling to see how much the luna was in so much pain. 
The knights and the warriors turned their body and left the spot out of respect, since they wouldn’t be much help if they stayed too, thus Cedric took the knights to create a perimeter, while the warriors scoured the area to prevent a monster attack again, just in case there was still a monster around this area. 
Their only wish was; there was no more portal that would spit the monsters for them to handle. They had lost so many people right now and the number of their magic users decreased to only twelve that left. 
"Cane... it’s hurt..." Iris cried. "Our babies... check our babies..." 
Cane gathered the cloaks and put it behind her back to support her body, as he held her hand tightly. "It’s okay. Grace is on her way here. The babies will be fine." 
Cane looked calm, but there was no one, who knew the growing rage within him. The storm and turmoil that brew inside his mind and heart. 
All of the bad memories flashed back before his eyes when he had to lose his first mate and their child. Yet, Cane tried to suppress that feeling, he tried his hardest to stay in the present and didn’t let his past to catch up with him, because right now, Iris and their babies needed him. 
"Grace will be here." Cane kept his voice even, albeit he wanted to curse and rush toward the other shelter and get Grace here right away. 
Meanwhile, Lou was exceptionally quiet. He watched from afar, sitting on a big rock. He was far enough, until Iris’s cry couldn’t be heard. After that, he climbed the big rock to get a better view of what had transpired and it was hell. Everything was destroyed, a lot of deep holes on the ground. 
But one thing that one would realize was the fact the sky had returned to normal. You could see the clear night sky, though it was dark, but the pale moon shone dimly. 
From the other direction, Lou watched a group of beasts came and one of them immediately shifted into her human form, while the rest stayed back, avoided the area and chose to stand on guard. 
It was Grace, she immediately approached Iris and Aliana filled about what happened, Abby was there too. She tried her best to keep Iris awake and give her strength, though she didn’t have much. It helped because she didn’t summon the Sylph. 
"I can feel the black magic from the babies..." Abby said. She could feel it when she held Iris’s hand and checked on her after some time. It was not easy for her to detect it, but after some time, she could feel that ominous magic. 
Meanwhile Aliana stood a little back because she was not sure what to do, this situation was beyond what she had ever experienced. 
Grace listened to what Abby and Aliana said, as she checked on the babies, her face immediately turned pale, as she looked at her alpha. The words stuck in her throat. 
Cane squeezed Iris’s hand a little bit tighter when he spoke. "Say it, Grace." His voice was deep, the calmness that it carried was very terrifying. 
Grace gulped down and she talked through her gritted teeth. "One of the babies died, alpha." 
Iris screamed, she was inconsolable when she heard that, she was hyperventilating and was telling Grace that she was wrong. 
Abby bit her lip. She could feel the pain in Iris’s voice and how she was in despair. Her heart was hurt for her. 
Aliana, on the other hand, fell to her knees, her whole body was trembling when she heard the death of one of the babies. It was only a few days ago when they celebrated the fact Iris was having twin, how it ran in the alpha’s bloodline and the babies were the proof they were the alpha’s even before they were born. 
How it was an internal joke for Aliana and Iris’s personal warriors that the babies mocked the people in the Howling Wolf pack to think their luna couldn’t give the alpha an heir. 
They were so happy for her. 
But now, they failed to protect her and cause the death of the baby. 
"No! My baby is not death!" Iris screamed, she urged Cane to command Grace to tell otherwise, she begged the healer to tell her she was wrong, that it was not right. She wouldn’t lose her baby. 
However, Cane talked in even tone when he asked Grace. "What about the other baby?" he held Iris’s hand tightly, as if telling her he was there. It took everything in him to be level headed in this situation. 
"The other baby is still alive, but very weak." Grace frowned deeply. "We need to have an early labor, if we want to save the other baby." 
"But, it’s not yet due!" Iris was panic. This was not her month yet! 
"We must to have an early labor," Abby said, she was still holding Iris’s other hand. "The death baby must be the one that took the brunt from the black magic Decratic placed earlier when he touched her, if you don’t get the baby out, it will spread to the other baby and moreover, it will affect your mate." 
"She has the ability to purify dark magic," Cane stated. "Why it didn’t work the same?" 
Abby shook her head. "I am not sure, but it will not be easy to purify dark magic that came from Decratic. He is the source of all darkness after all." Abby looked at Cane apologetically because she couldn’t provide more information about it. 
That was true. The first time Iris encountered Decratic’s black magic was through the monster that attacked them and she lost her consciousness when she tried to purify the dark magic. 
But now, Decratic directly put his dark magic on her baby. It might kill both of the baby if the lycan didn’t intervene immediately. 
"How it will affect her if we have an early labor?" Cane was holding on to his rationality and didn’t let his emotions to affect him. This was the hardest thing that he had to face. 
Grace glanced at Abby. "Inducing an early labor will be very risky and with luna’s condition right now, we will need the Serafim to keep her vitals stable." 
"I will help with that," Abby immediately said. 
Somehow, Abby felt Iris’s existence was a threat for her, especially when she witnessed the power she held, it left her dumbfounded of how someone could hold power more than a Serafim herself? Yet, she was not evil enough to let Iris died when she could help. 
"But, if we induced an early labor, there is a chance... a big chance the baby will die." Grace didn’t want to sugarcoat her words because she wouldn’t be able to see the aftermath if she gave some hope when there was a very slight chance of it.
"No matter what, we need to get the baby out, or else, the black magic will affect her and probably it will take her life," Abby said. "I can feel the black magic is growing inside her and soon will harm the other baby." 
Iris was devastated when she heard that. She felt there was a hole in her heart to know her baby was dead, while her other baby’s life was in danger. "Take the babies out, take them out..." she said between her cries. 
If they stayed inside her womb, both of them would die and right now, she needed to think of how to save her other baby. She couldn’t lose them both. She carried them for more than seven months, talked to them and felt how they moved inside of her and it always made her day, but now she had to learn one of them had died and the other would follow if they didn’t move quick enough. 
"But, I need to tell you about this beforehand, luna..." Grace said, her face scrunched painfully. "The process will be very painful, you have to endure the pain and stay awake... what I mean painful is... really, really painful." 
Abby shook her head. "I will help to numb the pain, I will help as much as I can." 
"That will help." Grace nodded. 
While Abby, Grace and Aliana prepared everything that was needed, Cane stayed with his mate, he held her closely. 
"Cane, I am sorry... I am sorry I can’t protect our babies... I am sorry..." Iris was racked with guilt. 
**************** 
Note: I know, this Chapter is not really joyful, but Mary Christmas! ^^
###Chapter 726: EXCRUCIATING PAIN
Chapter 726: EXCRUCIATING PAIN
"Don’t." Cane kissed her forehead to ease her pain and gave Iris a form of comfort. "None of it is your fault." He stared into Iris’s eyes gently, while holding her hand and caressed her forehead. She was sweating even in the winter. "I am the one, who have to be blamed for this." 
He swore, he would protect them. He swore he would do anything to keep them safe. He swore he would throw his life without a second thought if it meant he could put them away from harm. 
He prayed every night to any god for their safety, but once again, the god forsaken him. He had to lose his baby and put his mate and the other baby’s life in danger. He had harmed them. 
If there was someone to be blamed, it would be him. 
"You have done a great job, Iris. I want you to stay with me." Cane kissed her knuckles. He wanted to do anything to ease her pain. If he could, he wanted to shoulder her sadness and the feeling of devastation that racked her. Iris was already in so much pain, why would she be tortured again? 
"I killed the baby, Cane... I- I am sorry..." Iris cried her heart out, she kept apologizing, she knew how much they waited for the babies only to lost one of them and probably them both. 
"You did not. Decratic did." Cane wiped her tears and looked at her deeply. 
Iris cried even harder. She was a mess, her curls, auburn hair stuck on her face as she kept sweating, the pain on her stomach tortured her, but the pain in her heart made her wanted to die. "What if we lost them both? I am sorry... I am sorry..." 
"I want you, Iris. I want you to live." Cane was being honest here. If he had to choose between her and the babies, he would choose her. It broke his heart to lose his babies, but he would choose her without doubt. "Stay with me, Iris. Stay with me." 
Not long after, Grace came with concoction, she told Cane that Iris needed to drink it in order to induce the early labor. 
"Give it to me," Cane said, he took the bowl from Grace’s hand, as he held Iris upper body with the other. "How long it will take?" 
"After the luna finished it, she will be in pain, we will see the development from there." Grace explained the procedure briefly to Cane, while Abby came closer and held Iris’s hand. She tried to alleviate the pain for her. 
However, the black magic within her grew stronger and she had to suppress it before it could spread even more. 
"Drink this, Iris." Cane gritted his teeth when he brought the bowl of the concoction to her lips and helped her to drink the nasty medicine. He felt like he was poisoning his mate right now, the feeling was awful enough, until Iris finished drinking the whole liquid and started to scream in pain. "What happened? You said you will ease the pain?!" Cane snarled at the Serafim. 
He couldn’t care less if she were the Serafim or the king, he had suppressed his feeling and his growing frustration enough, his wrath slipped. 
Abby flinched when Cane raised his voice at her. It reminded her of how useless she was and how people in the Holy Kingdom became very frustrated whenever they taught her. 
"I am trying my best, but the black magic is amplifying the pain," Abby said, gnashing her teeth. She had given her all, but like all this time, it had never enough. It would never be enough. 
"C- Cane! It’s hurt!" Iris was in so much pain, this excruciating pain made her vomited against Cane’s chest. She had never been in so much pain like this, she wanted to pass out, but Abby kept her awake and she had to be awake if she wanted to deliver their babies. 
This pain was even more painful than when her brother lashed her back, or when the Howling Wolf pack stoned her. She was on the verge of giving up, but Cane kept saying to stay with him. 
Iris didn’t know what he meant, but she was ready to go with her babies, this life was too painful and agonizing for her to keep going. She didn’t think her other baby would survive too at this point, so it would be better if she was gone with them... 
Maybe she could be with them in a better world, where she wouldn’t be in pain and maybe she could have a peaceful life, a simple pray, a little compensation for what she had gone through. 
"I don’t want to be in pain anymore, Cane... this is hurt... it’s very painful..." Iris cried, she felt her inside was churning, as if someone stabbed her with blunt knife, trying to cut her stomach opened. "Cane... please, make this pain go away..." Iris vomited again. 
Cane took off his cloak and wiped her mouth with his hand. He tossed his dirty cloak to the side and kept holding his mate. He didn’t know what to say to her. He didn’t know how to console her and ease her pain. 
"You are strong, Iris. You will be able to go through this... Stay with me, Iris." Cane kissed her cheek. "Don’t leave me... GRACE!" 
Meanwhile, Grace checked on Iris, while Aliana put the blanket over her lower body. She had prepared hot water for her and a few towel that she could get from the warrior, who fetched it from the pack house. 
"Luna Iris, you can push now!" Grace instructed. "Push Luna..." 
Iris held Cane and Abby’s hand tightly, the Serafim felt like her fingers would break, but she kept holding onto her. 
However, the pain because of the black magic interrupted the process. Iris was not sure what to feel anymore, she thought it would be a mercy for Cane to kill her right there and then and stopped this pain. 
"Kill me... Cane, please kill me... I can’t..." Iris kept vomiting again. 
"Serafim!" Cane growled at her, because she promised to help and numb Iris’s pain, but she did nothing of short based on how his mate was crying and screaming. 
"I try! I am trying!" 
"That’s not enough! Try harder!" Cane wanted the babies to get out of Iris’s body, so she didn’t need to be in pain anymore. He would claw them out if he had to. 
Abby was on the verge of tears when she heard that, but she had given her all. 
"Move to the side!" 
All of sudden Lou was already close to them and sat down next to Abby. Everyone was on the verge of breaking down to even notice his presence earlier. 
"Keep control on the black magic and I will take care of the pain!" Lou said, he looked exceptionally serious right now, he didn’t look like that reckless merchant, who couldn’t care less about his surroundings. 
Abby glanced at Lou’s other hand, he was holding magic stones, it seemed, he got that from the magic users, or who knew where he got that, because right now that was not important. Abby moved to the side and let Lou held Iris hand, while she placed her hand over Iris’s stomach. 
It was hard to control the black magic and ease the pain, especially when she had exhausted her strength, so Lou’s help was more than welcome. 
"Push, luna! Push!" 
Now with Lou was here, the pain was a little bit bearable for Iris, as she concentrated to deliver her babies. Cane held her and even though this was inappropriate to have another man presence in the labor of your mate, Cane said nothing. It spoke volume of how he dissed all the proper etiquette as long as it could help Iris and made this easier for her. 
And when the pain was way more bearable and her mind was not clouded with the thought of giving up, Iris gave her all to survive. 
There was still hope, her baby could be saved... she had to save her baby. 
"It’s a girl..." Grace announced, there was no joy in her voice, needless to say this must be the baby that didn’t survive, the poor soul, who had taken the brunt of the black magic. 
Grace handed the small baby to Aliana and she gritted her teeth when she received her. The baby was very small, she came out too fast. Her body was still warm, but she was not breathing, her lips had turned pale and she had a tuft of black hair, her small nose looked like the luna’s. 
Tears streamed down Iris’s face, noticing there was no cry when her baby came out, she then concentrated to deliver her second baby. 
It took more than five minutes for Iris to give birth to the second baby, as she struggled with the increasing pain, she felt like she had sunk into a dark place, drowning in a lake of misery. Cane kept whispering something to her ear, but she couldn’t hear what he said, his voice like a buzz, until she heard that... 
The sound of a crying baby... it was small at first, as if she heard it from under the water, but then it became clear the more she focused on it. 
It was the sound of her baby cried. 
"It’s a girl, luna! The baby is alive..." Grace choked in her voice, as she handed the baby to the Serafim.
###Chapter 727: FROM HERE, HE LOOKS LIKE HE IS CRYING
Chapter 727: FROM HERE, HE LOOKS LIKE HE IS CRYING
Cane would never forget this day. He would never forget the pain Iris had gone through and how much she lost blood in the process of giving birth to their daughters. He would never forget the thick smell of blood, his mate’s blood that burned every cell in his body and boiled his blood. 
He didn’t want her to go through this pain again. There was a moment, where he regretted to even try to make her pregnant. 
Though Cane loved their children so much, he would give his life for them, he would never let Iris to go through this pain ever again. She was his life. 
He was well aware how he had fallen for her, but he didn’t notice how deep until he witnessed her was going to give up with her life and it gave him fear. Fear that ran so deep to his bone by imagining he had to lose her. He didn’t even know how to mourn if he really lost her... 
The lycan inside of him could take over his consciousness and do whatever, as he was no longer wanted to be sobered up in this chaotic world, where he had to lose the only place that could offer him comfort, the only person, who was his solace... 
He would give up too the moment Iris took her last breath. Everything was not worthy anymore. Nothing was worth living if his mate and their children were on the other side of the world. He might as well follow them... 
"It’s a girl. It’s a baby girl..." You could hear the relief in Grace’s voice when she announced it. 
Grace handed the baby over to the Serafim because she needed her to check on the baby first related to the black magic. 
"Where are my babies...?" Iris asked, her face was as pale as the snow around them. 
Meanwhile, Lou let go of Iris’s hand when his task was done and Iris was no longer in pain the moment she gave birth to the babies. He stood up and left in silent, he didn’t want to be caught in their euphoria. 
"I want to see my babies..." Iris breathed heavily, but she was still holding on because she wanted to see her baby. "Where are my babies..." 
Her baby kept crying softly and this made Iris became a little bit anxious. Her instinct told her to get her baby and calm her down. 
Cane said nothing, he checked on Iris, making sure she was alright and was no longer in pain, that the pain had dissipated and she would be fine in the end. He needed that assurance more than anything. 
Abby came over with the crying baby in his arms, Aliana had cleaned her and wrapped her in a warm blanket after Abby made sure there was no trace of black magic, only then she handed the baby over to Iris. 
This was also the first time for Cane to see his daughter. He had this moment when he felt his heart skipped a beat and he was having a hard time to breath, though he tried his hardest to compose himself, but Iris could feel how he breathed raggedly, as this strange emotion washed over his body. 
The baby was very small, she writhed inside her blanket and her small hand clutched the air, as if looking for something to hold. 
Iris had never been very emotional like this before as she started to cry when she saw her daughter for the first time, this time, it was tears of relief to see her baby survived. She had Cane’s black hair and without doubt, she was his daughter, because when she opened her eyes, you could see her pure golden eyes shone brightly, like little sun. 
However, she didn’t open her eyes for long, it almost felt like the little one only wanted to greet them and choose to close her beautiful, limpid eyes again once Abby put her against Iris’s chest. 
She smacked her lips and pursed them when she snuggled against Iris’s chest. 
There was this faint black wisp that emanated from her little body the moment she made contact with Iris, as if the remaining of black magic evaporated, Iris’s power took care of it naturally. 
Abby pressed her lips when she saw that. She was sure she had taken care of the black magic before, but it seemed there was still residual that her power couldn’t reach. 
Seeing that, she stood up and left the scene. She didn’t know what to feel. The more she thought about it, the more she felt bad for herself and the more she felt bad of herself, the deeper her frustration growing. 
"Luna, you need to breastfeed her," Grace reminded Iris. 
Cane moved his body to cover Iris’s sight from Lou, while the merchant was standing a few meters away from them, creating fire to keep the area warm enough when Grace helped Iris to open the ties in front of her dress and let the baby ate. 
Iris flinched when the baby started sucking, the little one made this adorable grumbling noise, it was a little bit painful, but after some time, she got used to it. Cane was stiffened when Iris hissed in the beginning. 
But then, the sight of his daughter was surreal. He could see the resemblance of Iris in their child, though she had his hair, but she looked like Iris, if that even made any sense. The way she pursed her lips reminded Cane of whenever Iris was being upset and unhappy about something. Their daughter also had round face like her mother. 
Cane had never liked something in an instant, but the moment he laid his eyes on his baby, he fell in love with their little one... 
He couldn’t express his emotion clearly, he was not as expressive as Lu, thus the only thing he could do was staring at his daughter, taking note of little detail of her. 
And when he put his finger within her little palm, she gripped his forefinger tightly and this made Cane’s throat dried. His heart had never been so warm like this before. He wouldn’t let go of her little hand... 
Gently, Cane leaned over to kiss Iris’s forehead and their little baby. She was so fragile and small, very small... 
"Where is... where is my other baby?" Iris asked in broken voice, her heart shattered to know her other baby didn’t make it. She felt relief and joyful to know her baby survived, but at the same time, she was heartbroken because her twin didn’t make it. 
She was sorry for not being able to protect them both. 
"I will get our baby," Cane said. His voice was hoarse, because he knew, he failed her. He failed to protect both of them. 
The happiness he felt earlier tainted, it evaporated into thin air when he laid Iris down with their baby with Grace stayed by her side, while he walked to get their other baby, who was being held by Aliana. 
Aliana was crying silently, as she held a little bundle in her arms, she stared at the dead baby without uttering a single word and when the alpha approached her, she handed over the baby carefully to him, as if the baby was actually sleeping and she was afraid, she would wake her up. 
Cane took the baby from Aliana’s arms and his knees grew weak when he stared at his older daughter. She had her eyes closed, her lips pursed, but they had turned purple now. Her face was pale and there were a few blotches of red color on her skin. 
Whatever it was, she was a beautiful baby. 
Cane felt the baby was ridiculously heavy in his arms. He could carry something bigger than him, something heavier than him, he could break a table with a single slam, but why the baby that supposed to be weight nothing was very heavy? Why his arms couldn’t carry her? 
Probably, because Cane didn’t carry the baby in his arms, but in his heart and her death was so heavy, the thought he wouldn’t be able to see her grew up and even hear her cry or any sound from her, not even once, that must be what weighing him down. 
Cane stared at the baby for a long time. He kissed both of her cheeks gently, his daughter looked very fragile and precious, but she was dead and every time the reality hit him he felt this lump in his throat. 
Aliana wiped her tears and stepped away, leaving Cane stood there alone with his dead daughter, while she approached Lou and sat down in front of the fire he created, only then she cried her eyes out. 
Lou glanced at Aliana, but he didn’t say anything. His eyes fixed on Iris, who looked exhausted, but relief to have their daughter in her arms, but when she looked over at Cane, her face fell and she started crying again, knowing their other baby didn’t make it. 
"Thank you, Lou for your help," Aliana said, she wiped her tears and tried to make a small talk with him. "You are very helpful." 
"Of course, you need to be grateful with me," Lou replied recklessly like usual, but Aliana didn’t take that to heart, instead she followed Lou’s line of sight and found out the merchant had been staring at Cane’s back. The alpha was still holding on their baby, he had not yet brought her over to Iris. 
"What are you thinking?" Aliana asked, because Lou’s expression was so hard to discern. 
"He looks like he is crying from here," Lou replied, nodded at Cane’s
###Chapter 728: THE REFUGEES IN THE HOWLING WOLF PACK
Chapter 728: THE REFUGEES IN THE HOWLING WOLF PACK
Everyone was surprised when they saw there were a lot of children and people that suddenly appeared in the front yard of the pack house, all the warriors came to inspect this, Kaz also was woken up with the commotion and checked what actually was going on when he saw the yard filled with people and crying children. 
"What’s going on here?! Who are they!?" Kaz looked around and called for more guards and warriors to come, which only made the children cried even harder to see they were surrounded by beasts. 
They were already shocked because of the sudden attack from the monsters that transpired before, therefore, when they saw the beasts around them, they freaked out and cried out of fear, which woke up the entire pack house and drew attention from the warriors and the guards to come. 
Thankfully, Aderan, Eron and Dyne immediately stepped forward and explained the situation to Kaz. They told him about what happened and who they were. 
"We don’t have place to shelter them!" Kaz hissed when he heard the explanation, his eyes widened in shocked. "We don’t have enough food to feed them! We can’t accept them here!" 
"This is not the time for this, Kaz!" Eron berated the old man. 
"No! They shouldn’t be here, we don’t have enough food for them all!" Kaz insisted to not accept them. 
"They will stay here momentarily until further order from the alpha," Dyne was too tired to argue, as he found a solution for the meantime, but still it was not enough for Kaz, as he was against the idea. 
"No, take them away from our pack! We don’t know them!" Kaz crossed his arms in front of his chest. 
"Where do you want them to leave?!" Eron was furious. 
"Take them out of our gates!" 
There were children and many people too, their number could reach around five hundreds to six hundreds people, yes, it was a lot, but they couldn’t throw them away out of their gates just like that. 
"You are insane!" Aderan growled, he was enraged with him. 
Slavery had changed people, but Kaz really showed the worst of him. He became very sceptic and hateful toward the outsider and the matter with Sofia only enhanced his hostility. Kaz was not shy to show his enmity to the other member of different pack from them. 
He hated those outsiders, who messed and ruined his pack! 
Aderan then narrowed his eyes. "You are supposed to be not in the pack house anymore. Didn’t the alpha order you to leave the pack house after six months?" 
Kaz was taken aback when he was reminded of this. "Carla still needs help, she still doesn’t understand how the pack works!" Kaz retorted. 
Unfortunately, Aderan didn’t buy it. He stepped into the pack house and looked for her himself. "She is the one in charge here, not you." 
"Aderan!" Kaz shouted, while Eron and Dyne had left to talk with the other guards and warriors about their current situation. 
And because they didn’t have enough room inside the pack house, they decided to build tents in the yard, for now, this was all they could do until further instruction about what they were going to do with them. 
But, among these people, there was one woman, who came to Eron, she was Asa, Vemion’s wet nurse. 
"Sir, you can’t put our lady and her baby with these people," Asa said with concern, but Eron didn’t pay close attention to her, thus he didn’t know, who her lady was. Seeing this, Asa explained about Laluna. "You can’t put my lady and the baby with them. After all, our young master is the future king of this continent."
Eron wanted to roll his eyes very hard, but he held himself back from doing so. "Where is your lady and the baby? Follow me." 
Asa immediately left to fetch Laluna and baby Vemion, as Eron escorted them into the pack house and gave them a guest room. 
Among the chaotic situation, he didn’t even realize that Laluna was one of the people, who escaped through the portal with them. 
Meanwhile, Kaz kept arguing with Aderan when he looked for Carla, since she supposed to be the one in charge in this pack. 
Thankfully, he didn’t need to look for her for long, because the young girl had rushed toward him, she was about to go to the yard after she was being woken up by the commotion. Carla was still wearing her nightgown, while covering her body with thick cloak. Her face flushed red and her hair was unkempt. 
"Aderan? You are back?" She was surprised to see Aderan was here, because this man had been away from the pack house for a long time. "What happened out there?" 
Aderan immediately explained the situation to Carla briefly and she listen carefully, both of them ignored Kaz’s interference. 
"Kaz, if you kept doing this, I don’t have another choice, but to send you away from the pack house." Carla looked at Kaz sternly after she learned what happened. "You have disobeyed the alpha’s order by still staying in the pack house." 
"It’s because you have not yet capable of taking care of this pack!" Kaz scoffed. 
Carla wanted to argue again, but in the end, she had enough. "I will ask someone to escort you out of the pack early in the morning, you better take a rest." 
"Carla!" Kaz roared when he heard what Carla said. He couldn’t believe with what he heard. 
Ignoring the old man, both Aderan and Carla went to the front yard, leaving Kaz alone there, who was fuming mad. 
Yet, Kaz didn’t just stay there and wait, he followed them outside and found Dyne. There was something he wanted to confirm so badly. 
"Tell me, tell me the truth." Kaz grabbed Dyne by his elbow, which made the warriors frowned. 
"What?" 
"Is the luna really pregnant?" Kaz asked in low voice. He heard about this news, but he had no way to confirm this. Learning from his experience with Sofia, he didn’t want to immediately jump into conclusion and easily believed whatever he heard, until he saw it with his own eyes. 
"Yes." Dyne was a little bit annoyed with Kaz to ask about this matter when they were busy to prepare the tents for hundreds of people, so they could rest. 
He didn’t know what happened in the Golden Light pack and could only pray they would receive a good news. Even now, Dyne was thinking of going back straight away to the Golden Light pack, or at least, gathered some news about what had transpired. 
Not only that, they also needed to get more information about what happened in the Aggeverya road. Was that place being attacked too? 
However, Kaz was so dense, he only cared about one thing and this infuriated Dyne with his next question. 
"Are you sure, the baby is alpha’s?" Kaz frowned when he questioned the baby in Iris’s stomach and this set Dyne off. 
The warrior actually glared at Kaz. They had been having this inside joke about the babies, but who would have thought this would come handy. 
"Yes, Kaz. No doubt about that." Dyne turned around and paid close attention to him. "Actually, the babies seem to mock the whole pack, because the luna is having twin right now. Like all of us have been aware of, the alpha had twin sibling and now he is going to have twin children." 
"Twin?" Kaz widened his eyes, before the surprised replaced with happiness. "They are going to have twin?!" 
Dyne chose to leave the old man. He didn’t have time to deal with him, more so, after what happened, he didn’t think the luna wanted for Kaz to be close with the babies. 
"There will be twin!" Kaz was happy enough with the news, as he dropped the matter with these refugees and went inside the pack house to announce it to everyone that they were going to have twin! 
He was thinking to change the luna’s bedroom into a nursery room, since the luna and the alpha slept in the same bedroom. 
This would be a surprise and a good gesture from him to greet the new heir for the pack and the luna wouldn’t be so mad, right? They had to leave the grudge behind and start a new Chapter, so everyone could move forward! 
He was excited about this plan and immediately told Maria to help him with this. 
============================= 
It was hard to say what to feel, when sadness and joy happened at the same time, you would have a hard time to decide, which feeling was more profound to come to the surface. 
As a result, it was guilt that you have to endure when you felt either of both feeling. 
Iris couldn’t feel the joy from having her baby in her arms and fully celebrated her existence in this life, because at the same time, she mourned the death of her other baby. But, when she was sad for her baby that was not survived, she felt bad because she was not happy enough for the one that was alive. 
Whether it was joy or sadness, she felt guilty to feel either. 
Iris and Cane had talked about the name of the babies in the rare occasion they had, but had not yet decided it. 
"I want to name her Rora, after your sister..." Iris said and her voice turned hoarse. "And the other is Crystal... I like their name." 
"Okay." Cane agreed with her.
###Chapter 729: IT’S OKAY TO GRIEVE
Chapter 729: IT’S OKAY TO GRIEVE
Cane had been staying with Iris and he turned to his taciturn self, as he kept taking care of her and the baby all the time. 
Though both of them managed to survive the gruesome labor, but it didn’t mean iris and the baby were completely fine, both of them still needed to be nursed back to their health, especially the baby, because she was born premature, Grace found some complication and had to pay close attention to her. 
Rora. They named their baby that survived after Cane’s late sister and the older daughter Crystal, after Cane’s late mother. 
"I want to see her..." Iris said weakly after she breastfed her baby, who was currently sleeping, Grace was with them inside the room, just in case, something happened with the baby, the healer needed to be near. 
Cane understood, who Iris meant. She wanted to see their other daughter, who occupied the room next to them. The same room where the white diamond tiger stayed, but right now Ezra was with Zale and stayed with him. 
"Okay," Cane said, he leaned over and carried Iris in his arms, both of them walked out of the bedroom. He didn’t her request, or telling her to take some rest, because both of them knew they needed to see their baby. It was not fair to leave her alone. 
Iris rested her head against Cane chest and squinted her eyes slightly when the bright sunlight came to her sight, as the door was opened by Zephyr. 
This was the first sunlight after so many months being in the dark. The cold light of sun in the winter season. 
People cheered when they finally got to see the light of the sun again, but the heavy tension in the air and devastation of losing someone dear to them lessened their joyful feeling. 
They thanked the Serafim for her miracle, assuming she was the one, who made it happened, since the Sylph belonged to her. 
However, Abby said nothing and the people from the Holy Kingdom had their own thought about this matter and what actually had transpired, especially the black wisp that came from the alpha. Yet, because the alpha and the luna were still mourning the lost of their baby, they had not yet brought up this matter. 
When Iris and Cane entered the next room, Aliana was there too, she looked like she had been crying her eyes out, as she stared at at the baby on the crib. 
Iris had tried her hardest to revive her baby, but even when she had the life essence of the first Serafim, there were still things she couldn’t do. She couldn’t revive the death and that was an absolute law of nature. 
"Put me down, Cane..." Iris said, she wanted to walk toward her baby. 
Cane obliged, but he still wrapped his arm around her waist to prevent her from falling down, as he escorted her to the crib. 
Aliana nodded politely at the alpha and luna before she left the room, giving some time for the two of them to see their baby. 
"She is beautiful..." Iris said, as she stared at her baby. 
"Absolutely," Cane replied. 
There was no word that was shared between the two of them for long time, as they mourned the lost of their first daughter. 
Iris touched Rora’s cheek and gleam of light appeared. 
Once again, she tried to get her little one back, but no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t revive her baby. She could purify the black magic from her, but she couldn’t bring her back to life. 
Iris tried and tried, while Cane let her tried. There was no point of telling her to stop, because he didn’t want her to think she didn’t do enough. 
This reality was hard to be accepted, but this was what they had to face. 
In the end, Iris stopped trying and simply stared at her baby, kissing her every now and then and sang for her, in small and weak voice. Her voice was shaking when she told her how much she loved her and how sorry she was for not being able to protect her. 
They stayed like that for another hour... 
"I don’t want her to be buried here..." Iris said finally after a long and depressing silent. 
Golden Light pack was too far from their homeland. Iris couldn’t imagine to have her daughter to be buried away in this strange land, away from the place they supposed to be called as home. 
"Lou will create a portal to Howling Wolf pack. We will leave tomorrow, early in the morning and prepare a funeral for her," Cane explained. 
He had been staying with Iris, but it didn’t mean, he didn’t take care the aftermath of the sudden monster attack. He didn’t presence for the meeting, but Jace was there on his behalf and all the idea to move forward came from Cane. 
Even now, Cane didn’t allow himself to breakdown, he shed no tear and moved like normal. 
There were a lot of things he needed to take care of. He kept his emotions at bay, putting them on the back of his mind and suppressed them to stay there for as long as he could, because he couldn’t afford to be irrational right now, or indulged in devastation. 
"We will bury her in our pack’s grave, inside our family’s." 
Even though, Cane said ’our’, but Iris still didn’t feel she belonged to that place, yet she didn’t talk about it, since this was not the time for that. 
"Okay." 
They stayed for another hour, until it was time for them to leave. Aliana had prepared everything and Rora had been sleeping throughout the afternoon. They had to pay close attention to her and because she was born a month earlier, yet things became more complicated when the baby took after Iris so much where Grace couldn’t use most of her healing ability to her. 
Iris felt like she was dying inside when she carried Crystal in her arms, kissing her cheeks, forehead and nose before she left her in this room to check her other baby. She didn’t have a chance to breastfeed her, nor heard her cry. 
When they stepped outside, people looked happy to be able to enjoy the sunlight again and to see the clear sky, they talked how nice to see the light again and how the Serafim had finally casted away the darkness. 
"The gloomy sky has not left my heart, Cane..." Iris said when Cane carried her back to their bedroom. 
"I don’t think it will leave anytime soon," Cane replied. 
In the distance, they could see the warriors and knights basked under warm light of the winter sun, they looked relief because everything went normal now with the sky. 
However, for Iris and Cane, there was nothing that would be normal. Their lives would never be the same ever again and the gloomy cloud would forever weigh their mind and heart down with the death of their first daughter. 
Later that night, when Iris finally fell asleep and their baby was with Grace in different room, Cane went out of the bedroom, knowing his beta had been waiting for him there to give him the report about the whole situation. 
"Alpha," Jace greeted Cane. The beta felt bad to weigh him with more trouble when he was mourning for the death of his daughter, but he didn’t have any other choice. 
He reported about the gist of the meeting earlier with Koda, alpha Colter and the Serafim. 
The Serafim would ask for more reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom once the ice melted and the sea was no longer frozen, so the ships could go through it, but it meant, there would be another three more months until the reinforcement arrived here. 
For the Aggeverya road, during the monster attack that happened in the Golden Light pack, there was an attack from Winter Moon pack that joined hand with Moon Dew pack, but thankfully, the attack was not fatal and it didn’t cause many victims. The Aggeverya road still under their control. 
"Koda and alpha Colter are still not aware of the Decratic’s influence and the Serafim still refused to explain about what actually happened." 
Koda and alpha Colter knew about Decratic because Cane mentioned it when they wanted to get the Serafim’s interest, but they didn’t know the extent of danger this creature would cause. 
"Cane, the Serafim wanted to see you. I am sure it’s regarding the black wisp that they saw yesterday." Jace didn’t need to say this, he was certain Cane was not ignorance about this matter. 
"I am still mourning," Cane said. He turned around to walk toward the next room, where his death daughter was resting and Jace couldn’t say anything anymore. 
Aliana was there to accompany the little one, she immediately stood up when she saw the alpha. 
"Thank you, Aliana," Cane said. He was grateful because she kept his daughter company. 
"Anytime, alpha." Aliana stood up, she was about to leave the room, giving Cane private moment with the baby. 
The Serafim had done something to preserve the little one’s body, so she looked like she was sleeping, her lips were no longer purple.
"Alpha," Aliana called for him before he left the room, she looked hesitant, more so when Cane didn’t respond to her, but she knew he was listening. "It’s okay to grieve and show your pain, it’s actually terrifying when you look so calm." 
Cane didn’t respond to that.
###Chapter 730: TAKE OFF YOUR CLOTHES
Chapter 730: TAKE OFF YOUR CLOTHES
Aliana waited for Cane’s response, but when she realized, the alpha was not going to say anything, she remembered about something else. 
"I know this is not the right time to mention about this, neither this is a very important thing, but I only want you to know that I saw the same symbol on Lou’s back, it’s the same like the symbol on the Serafim’s personal knight’s sword. Cedric said it’s their crest." 
Aliana had been thinking about this for a while and she didn’t know what the meaning of this, but if this information could help in any way, she needed to let the alpha knew about this. 
"On his back." Cane repeated what Aliana said. 
"Yes, on his back." 
"Thank you for the information, you can leave, Aliana." 
And with that Aliana closed the door behind her. She met with Jace and Ethan, who stood on guard in front of Iris’s bedroom. 
"How is it?" Jace asked. He was very concern about Cane. He was exceptionally calm and detached himself. One could say he didn’t show any emotion, as if he was shutting down. 
"He looks... fine." Aliana didn’t elaborate further and then walked away. 
However, she was too deep in her thought, until she didn’t realize that Ethan had been following her. The gamma walked a few steps back behind her and when she realized she had been followed, Aliana turned her body around and frowned at him. 
"What are you doing here? You are supposed to be with Jace." Aliana frowned, she needed to admit she didn’t have a presence mind earlier to just notice him right now. 
"Your brother gave me permission to accompany you." Ethan showed his carefree self. 
Aliana shook her head, she didn’t have the energy to deal with this. "I don’t need your company." 
"You look devastated." Ethan walked closer toward Aliana and when he spoke again, his voice was deeper and more serious. "Are you, okay?" 
Aliana chuckled, but there was no joy in her voice. "You asked the question to the wrong person, it’s not me, who is mourning." 
And with that, Ethan hugged her without saying anything. He wrapped her into a tight, warm embrace and kissed the top of her head. He became even more profound with his feeling for Aliana. 
"Wh- what are you doing?" Aliana wanted to push him away, but somehow, her eyes swelled with tears. She didn’t know why she suddenly wanted to cry. 
"It’s okay to cry, you know. You are also mourning." Ethan knew the death baby had traumatized Aliana, it reminded her about what happened to her years ago.
However, because it was not her lost, she felt bad if she was being sad more than Iris and Cane. Her mind told her that she should be there for them, instead of crying and showing her sadness, she needed to be strong. 
Yet, Ethan knew the deepest pain and the turmoil Aliana felt right now. 
And for once, Aliana was very tired and Ethan felt like home, where she could rest her tired body and soul and forget about the rest for a while. 
She surrendered and let herself to cry in his arms... 
============================= 
"You said I can have him! You said he will come to me! What the meaning of this?!" Aria was furious. This was not what Decratic promised her. He said she could have Cane! 
"Shut your mouth! Watch what you said!" Lady Cyan snapped at Aria for being very disrespectful toward Decratic. 
Meanwhile, the man that looked like Alan didn’t show any reaction at all, he only stared at Aria, amused with her reaction. 
"The baby is death. Doesn’t that make you happy?" Decratic tilted his head. 
"They have twin! You only managed to kill one!" The thought Iris could give Cane an heir irritated her so much. She didn’t want another woman had Cane’s child! 
Decratic raised his hand when Lady Cyan wanted to snap at Aria again for her disrespectful behavior, but Decratic seemed to enjoy her outburst. 
"The day is still long, it’s just the beginning, the game is not over yet." Decratic stood up from his chair and then walked out of his study room, where alpha Gallot, Dax and Nolan had been waiting for him outside. 
"Everything is ready, my king," alpha Gallot said. 
Decratic glanced at alpha Nolan. He smiled and patted his arm, as if they were a good friend. "You don’t need to worry, you will get your son back, even if they killed him. I can revive him." 
Alpha Nolan clenched his jaw. He glanced at Aria, who was still inside the room. "Thank you, my king." The gratitude sounded hollow. He didn’t want his son to be like Aria. 
"When will we start?" Alpha Dax from Golden Light pack asked. He held a strong grudge against alpha Colter and his follower for the lost of his pack. Now, he was an alpha without land of territory. He only had his warriors. 
"Let them mourning for three days." Decratic smiled when he saw Kellan walked toward him and knelt down in front of him solemnly. 
"My king..." Kellan greeted him. Behind him was Redmond, this was the first time for him to see Decratic and he showed his utmost loyalty to him. 
=============================== 
"What is your plan to explain about the black wisp?" Lou asked, he jumped from the window, but he didn’t come closer. He didn’t want to see the dead baby on the crib. 
Cane didn’t seem to be surprised with his sudden appearance, he had noticed the merchant when he came closer to this bedroom. 
"Are you planning to admit that you are a lycan?" Lou raised his brows. "Don’t worry, if something happened to you, I will take care of your mate and baby. I can get them out of this continent." 
This statement would irritate Cane, but he looked detached from any emotions. "You will cover for me." 
"Why do you think I will agree to that?" Lou scoffed. "You ask more and more, and I received nothing, but lost after lost. What will you offer to me now?" 
Cane lifted his head and glanced at Lou’s body. He remembered what Aliana told him, though he didn’t respond to it. 
"Tell me why do you runaway from Karam continent?" Cane asked lightly. 
"Who told you I runaway?" Lou clenched his jaw. "I want to expand my business. How do you think I will be able to expand my business if I didn’t get out from that place?" 
Of course, Cane wouldn’t miss the opportunity to dig deeper into Lou’s background if he had any chance. The people from Karam, who delivered their grain were not able to go back to their continent because the sea had frozen, so they needed to stay in this continent until the winter ended. 
They were Karam people, there was no way, they didn’t know a thing or two about Lou. Even amidst everything that was going on, Cane wouldn’t fail to get more information about him. 
Lou scoffed disdainfully when he heard that. "I thought we are friend, but you are still suspicious with me. I can’t believe it..." Lou shook his head dramatically, but Cane was unfazed. 
"You came from an honorable family in Karam continent, but you runaway when you were fifteen and built your own guild since then. But, even so, you never stepped in that continent again. What happened?" 
Cane could see a killing intent that flash in Lou’s eyes, but he completely ignored that. This was the first time the merchant openly showed his desire to kill him, though it only lasted for two seconds before he grinned ridiculously. 
"Secret." Lou put his finger in front of his lips. "Don’t dig deeper, or I can be the one, who told the Serafim about your intimate relationship with the lycan." He winked his eye playfully. 
"Black star. That’s how people in Karam continent call you." This one sentence was enough to get rid Lou’s smile. "Let’s mind our own business." Cane shifted his attention back to his baby, but he continued to talk. "You have involved yourself too deep in this matter. There is no way out for you anymore even if you wanted. At this point, being with me is already a benefit for you too." 
"How so?" Lou didn’t accept that. 
"You need protection after you openly declared yourself to be on my side." 
Lou fumed. "I can tell them I will change side. Do you think they will not accept me?" 
"You are free to do that." Cane glanced at Lou. "You already know this, that Decratic’s worshipper most of them are mind controller. You can try your luck." 
Lou hated it when Cane was being a great observer. Based on his personality, there was no way he would change side. His pride and ego were his worst enemy! 
Outside, the sun finally rose and the sky slowly less dark. It would be a clear morning with the winter sun. 
"You will cover for me with the incident with the black wisp." 
"No way!" Lou grumbled. "I have never agreed to that!" 
Once again, Cane ignored his rejection, instead he walked toward Lou and stared at him for a while, but it looked so creepy for the merchant to be stared at this intense. 
"What? What do you want?" Lou frowned, he didn’t like the way Cane looked at him. 
"Take off your clothes," Cane said coldly, which made Lou widened his eyes. 
"Pervert! This is the reason you want to keep me close?!"
###Chapter 731: ENDLESS WINTER
Chapter 731: ENDLESS WINTER
Now things had escalated like this, Cane didn’t have time for a long- winded conversation. What Aliana said bothered him and he wanted to know the truth. 
"Cane! Clear your mind! What do you want to do with me?!" Lou immediately opened the window, he was about to escape when he was being dragged back into the room by his legs and to his dread, he saw that black wisp wrapped around his ankle and another black wisp wrapped around his wrist, pulled his body into a starfish position. "Cane! Are you really going to do this?! I will tell Iris if you touched me." 
Cane furrowed his brows, he didn’t have the energy to deal with his bullshit. 
"Cane! No! No! Don’t do this! Come back to your sense!" Lou was being loud and noisy, in which Jace, who was outside frowning, but he didn’t want to intervene, since Cane didn’t call him into the room. "Are you crazy!? Let me go!" 
Lou became even more frantic when his mouth was being muffled by the same black wisp and he could feel the fabric of his clothes on his back was being torn, while his body was turned, so his back was facing Cane. 
The alpha moved closer and then saw what Aliana meant. He had seen this crest before and this crest could only be seen on the five Holy Knights of the Serafim’s sword and yet the same symbol was on Lou’s back. It was not like a tattoo, but like a birthmark. 
"Don’t scream. I want to ask you something," Cane said and he only let go of the black wisp on Lou’s mouth when he nodded. 
"Cane! How dare you treating me like this!" 
"Don’t scream." Cane reminded him again. 
Lou growled, but he bit his tongue, stopping himself from cursing him out loud. "Let me go!" 
"Tell me what is this?" 
"’What is this’ what? I don’t understand what you meant." Lou tried to look at Cane, as he was standing a step away from him, staring at his back, which gave him chill. He felt this goosebumps to be stared at with such intensity by man, he wouldn’t mind it if it was Iris, though... 
"You have birthmark on your back." 
"Oh." Lou frowned. "Yeah, I think I did." 
"You know the shape of it?" 
"I like to see my face on the mirror, not my back." Lou didn’t care much about his back, he knew he had birthmark, all the women that he bedded told him that, but he didn’t really pay attention to it. 
Cane released Lou and he fell to the floor with a thud. The merchant grunted and rubbed his butt. 
"Thank you for freeing me," he said sarcastically. "What the hell with my birthmark? How do you know about it?" his first thought was Nala who had told Cane, knowing how infatuated that woman was with him, she supposed to gather information for him, yet she did otherwise? But then Lou remembered the two of them had not yet met for long time. 
Lou stood up and faced Cane when he answered him. 
"Your birthmark is the same shape like the crest on the Serafim’s knights’ sword." 
"Really?" Lou stood up and went to look at his back on the mirror, but after saying that, Cane carried his baby and walked out of the room. 
"We need to go in an hour, prepared yourself," Cane said, as he left. 
Meanwhile, Lou was still trying to look at his back on the mirror, as he replied casually. "Yes, yes, yes..." he didn’t even realize the alpha used the same tone like when he ordered one of his warriors and Lou seemed to get used with it. 
When Cane came out of the room, Zale and Ezra had been waiting for him. No, it was actually the former, since the latter was still afraid to be near him. 
"Alpha, my condolence for your lost," Zale said. He stared at the baby in Cane’s arms. 
"Be ready, we will leave in an hour." Cane went ahead to go to his bedroom with Iris. 
"Alpha, can I meet with luna?" Zale asked, while Ezra perked up, he was still holding onto Lil Thing, who had not yet woken up, still sleeping peacefully. The creature didn’t seem to notice Ezra had been cradling it for days now. 
"She is sleeping, you can meet with her later." And with that, Cane closed the door. 
An hour later, they were ready to leave for the Howling Wolf pack. Everything went too fast, thus the news about Iris’s early labor and the death of one of the babies had not yet reached the Howling Wolf pack. 
Iris insisted to carry Rora, while Cane carried Crystal, the baby still very heavy in his arms, it felt like he could drop to his knees, every time he took a step forward. 
"Luna, can I see the baby?" Ezra asked timidly, hiding behind Zale’s back. His limpid eyes stared at Iris expectantly. 
Iris smiled and with the help of Aliana, she bent her body slightly to let Ezra and Zale to see the baby. 
"What is her name, luna?" Zale asked, staring at the baby in awe. The baby reminded him of his dead little sister. He remembered when he saw her for the first time when she was a babe. "She is very beautiful." 
"Rora, her name is Rora," Iris replied with hoarse voice. She looked around her and found Cane was talking with Lou, while holding their baby. "Her sister over there is Crystal." 
"I saw her this morning, she is also beautiful," Ezra said in small voice. 
Iris nodded, she kissed his forehead. "Yes, she is." 
============================== 
"What are you doing here?" Carla found Kaz and Maria in the luna’s bedroom, they ordered a few people to do something with the room. They prepared two cribs for the babies. 
Maria came to her and explained briefly what she was doing. "We still don’t know yet about the gender of the babies, but I am sure they must be one boy between the two." 
"You are being insensitive, we are facing crisis right now. There are a lot of children and people out there..." but, before Carla could finish her words, Kaz had cut her off. 
"You are the one, who agreed to accept them. They are your problem to be solved!" Kaz snapped at her, as he continued to order some guard and servant to décor the entire room with deep blue color and put the crest of their pack on each crib. "Can’t you see? The sky finally turns normal, this is a good sign!" 
Carla a little bit more and reminded Kaz that he should leave the pack house, but Kaz’s influence had ran so deep in this pack, someone as young as Carla couldn’t win against him, especially when Maria chimed in. 
Therefore, Carla chose to stay away from them and helped with the refugee with Hanna. The orphanage couldn’t accommodate more children, it was tricky to arrange their living situation. 
In general, the population of children was increased, especially in Riverside pack, where late alpha Gill impregnated as many women as possible and let his warriors to do the same to boast their population, so those children could work in the tunnel. 
To get around the problem, all the children on the age of ten had been put in training to be warriors, whether they were boy or girl, with that, they could be more useful in the future, more so, they would know how to protect themselves in time of war like this, so they wouldn’t be very helpless. 
Amee and Grilla were with Hanna when Carla came over to help. 
"I can’t make Kaz left the pack house," Carla said to Amee. They were distributing food for the refugee, while the children had been sent to the orphanage this morning. 
"It must be hard on you." Amee caressed her head. "I am sorry, I can’t help too, Kaz can be very stubborn. Let the alpha dealt with him." 
Carla looked dejected. "He will be very disappointed that I can’t even handle the pack." Though that was what she said, but her mind drifted to Ethan. She wanted to impress him and tell him she had done a great job. 
"The alpha will understand." Amee smiled at her. 
Grilla, who was listening to Carla’s complaint, put the ladle rice to her hand. "Come, help with this. You come to help, right?" 
And when they focused on fed the people, all of sudden they heard commotion. 
"What is that?" Carla immediately rushed to see what was going on and found something that she didn’t expect at all. 
There they were, the alpha, the luna and... the gamma, also there were a lot more people came with them. The way they came was the same way like these refugees came. 
"It’s the alpha!" 
"The alpha is back!" 
"What is that? Babies?!" 
"Are they their babies?!" 
"They have twin?!" 
There was this uproar when they realized the luna had given birth, even more when they noticed the two babies in the alpha and the luna’s arms. 
This commotion and the way they chanted the alpha and the luna’s name made Kaz and Maria rushed out of the pack house and saw Iris and Cane for the first time after a long time. 
"Ah! Is that the Serafim?! The Serafim is here?!" 
"And the Holy Knights too!" 
People in the Howling Wolf pack greeted her warmly, but all Iris could feel was this endless winter.
###Chapter 732: NOT ENOUGH TIME TO GRIEVE
Chapter 732: NOT ENOUGH TIME TO GRIEVE
People in the Howling Wolf pack greeted her and was actually happy to see her, but somehow, Iris didn’t feel anything, she felt numb. 
She asked herself; wasn’t this what she wanted a year ago? To be recognized and to be welcomed? To have people, who would be happy to see her? Now, she got what she wanted she didn’t feel happy at all. 
Those smiling faces didn’t give her comfort. Those words of welcome sounded like a buzzing sound in her ears. She couldn’t bring herself to smile at them or see them right in the eyes. She only wanted to go to her bedroom and curled herself with the baby, while Cane prepared for the funeral. She needed every ounce of strength to go through her own daughter’s funeral. 
Iris didn’t want to see them happy, why they were happy when her heart was being shredded into pieces? Why they only welcomed her now when she returned with babies? Would they abandon her again when they learned one of the babies was dead? Would they be disappointed because she gave birth to a girl and her little one was not a shifter? Grace had confirmed this... 
Would these people, who cheered for her would treat her and her baby coldly when they learned about all of those? 
Iris didn’t know what to think and why she poisoned herself with a lot of negative thoughts and worries, but her mind only kept replying the worst case scenario in her mind. Going back to this pack only heightened her anxiety, where she was not in a stable mental to begin with. 
Everything exhausted her and she only wanted to have some peace with her baby and mate. 
Yet, the commotion around her upset baby Rora, as she was startled, woken up by the loud noise around her, she pursed her lips and started crying, her small face turned very red when she snuggled closer against Iris’s chest, looking for comfort from her mother. 
Hearing the baby cried, finally they calmed down, talking in low voice in excitement, as they craned their neck to be able to get a glimpse of the baby in their luna and alpha’s arms. 
"Luna Iris!" Kaz greeted Iris when he saw her entered the pack house, he rushed toward her with Maria beside him. "I am so pleased to see you!" Kaz was excited to see the baby in Iris’s arms. 
However, Aliana blocked him and Maria from coming closer to Iris. "Luna needs to take some rest. Don’t bother her." 
Kaz looked at Iris and then the baby in her arms, who was crying because of the commotion, he looked apologetic and then stepped back. "I am sorry, luna. I am just very excited to see you again and..." 
"Kaz, come with me," Cane said, cutting off whatever thing he was going to say. 
Kaz was immediately stiffened when he heard that, he had not yet showed the luna the nursery room and talked to her about forgiving him for his mistake in the past and how they needed to open a new Chapter and get rid of all the negative feelings between them. Let go of the grudge. 
Meanwhile, Maria recoiled when she heard her name was being called too, while the alpha handed baby Crystal to Grace and approach Iris when they were already in front of their bedroom. 
"I will come to see you soon," he said, kissing her forehead gently. 
"Okay." Iris didn’t seem to hear what he said, as she went into their bedroom, trying to get away from this noisiness that made her baby cried. 
Aliana came into the room with Iris and baby Rora, while Grace took baby Crystal somewhere. Iris stared at Grace’s back. 
"Where Grace will take my baby, Aliana?" Iris asked, she had not yet entered the bedroom, while Cane had taken Kaz and Maria to his study room to discuss about something. "What if my baby needed me?" 
Aliana pressed her lips when she heard that. "Grace will take care of her, luna. You don’t need to worry." She then nudged Rora’s cheek. "I think she is hungry, luna." 
Iris’s attention finally shifted toward baby Rora and she hugged her tighter when she entered the bedroom. "I am sorry, sweety..." She apologized because she was spacing out earlier. 
Aliana arranged the pillows for Iris, so she would be more comfortable when she breastfed the baby. 
"Aliana..." 
"Yes, luna?" 
"I forgot. Have I breastfed the other baby before Grace took her?" 
Aliana felt there was lump in her throat and she couldn’t find the answer for that. With a lot of things that was going on and their current situation, there were a lot of emotions that needed to be suppressed and the pressure for being back in this pack, messing with Iris’s mind somehow. 
More importantly, Aliana didn’t think neither Cane and Iris had been given enough time to grieve for their baby... they needed some peaceful moment and got some rest. However, the movement from their enemy did not allow them to do so. 
"I want you to arrange for funeral." 
That was the first thing that Cane said to Kaz and Maria the moment they entered the study room. The two of them had been wondering what the alpha was about to talk to them. 
Kaz thought, Cane would question why he was still in the pack house when he had been instructed to leave the place after six months. 
However, Cane gave them another task, in which they accepted gladly, thinking the alpha would give them a second chance to stay in the pack house. 
Yet, what Cane said next shattered their dream. 
"After the funeral, you can leave the pack house, Kaz and Maria, I want you to stay in the orphanage and helped Hanna." 
Cane had his own reason why they gave this task to them, because they were familiar of what to do, it would be more efficient this way, since Carla must have not yet learned about how to prepare a funeral and neither Jace and Ethan would have free time to make preparation. Cane had different task for them. 
"Alpha, please! Please give us a second chance!" Kaz immediately knelt down, so did Maria. 
"Alpha, I have been taking care of the pack house for as long as I can remember, please, alpha...!" Maria shook her head. She liked Hanna enough to work with her in harmony, but it didn’t mean she was willing to leave the pack house. This was her home. 
However, Cane didn’t budge. He waved his hand to dismiss them. 
"Call Ethan and Jace on your way out." Cane then remembered something. "Tell them to call the merchant also." 
Kaz and Maria wanted to retort, but one glance from Cane was enough to shut them up. They rose to their feet and defeatedly walked toward the door. 
But then, Cane called them again. "Two funerals. One is family funeral." 
"Family funeral?" Kaz repeated the word. 
There were two types of funerals in their pack, one was honorable funeral for the fallen warriors and the other was family funeral, usually this funeral happened when there was a member of the alpha’s family that passed away. 
"But... who? For whom the family funeral for?" Maria stuttered when she asked. Both the alpha and the luna were fine, their baby looked fine too. 
"One of the babies didn’t make it." 
That was all the explanation that Cane gave to them, before he told them to close the door and leave. Kaz and Maria were shocked, they were still trying to discern what Cane said when he told the beta and gamma that the alpha wanted to see them, also the merchant too. 
It didn’t take long before Jace and Ethan came into the room and were ready to accept their assignment. 
"Where is Lou?" Cane asked when Lou was still missing. 
However, currently the merchant didn’t have any desire to meet with Cane at all. He was currently on the bed, letting himself to be pampered by Nala. 
It had been a while, since the two of them met with each other, but unfortunately, or rather fortunately, Lou was too exhausted to have any form of intimacy with her. 
"I am not your personal masseuse!" Nala complained, but she kept massaging Lou’s stiff back. 
"Oh, shut up, woman. I am so tired," Lou groaned. He was half naked right now. 
"I thought you should be with alpha Cane right now, the guard came to tell you about that earlier, what are you doing here?" Nala frowned. 
"If it’s really important, let him come here, instead." 
Nala thought about it for a while and decided she didn’t dislike the idea for Cane to be the one, who came here. 
"What news?" Lou asked. 
"Kian is not here for weeks, you know that, what news I can get?" But, even when Kian was here, Nala didn’t think she would get something out of his mouth. It was so hard to make him speak. 
"No. I don’t know. I don’t care where he is. I only wanted to know what news you can get from him after you slept with him a few times." 
Nala clenched her jaw when she was being reminded of this. 
"All this time, you only brought me unnecessary news that is not important at all." 
"I have been trying, okay? But, he is very tight lips." 
Lou rolled his eyes. "You should get close with Aliana then, maybe you can get something important." 
"You must be delusional to think I can get close to her!"
###Chapter 733: NOT ENOUGH TIME TO GRIEVE (2)
Chapter 733: NOT ENOUGH TIME TO GRIEVE (2)
Cane found Iris was sleeping with the baby next to her when he returned from a long and tiring day. There were a lot of things he had to take care of and many secret messages that he had to reply for the plan to keep going. 
The world didn’t stop, even time didn’t slow down just because his life was ruined and his heart shattered for the death of his daughter. Everything kept on the same routine and if anything, it felt taxing and Cane was no longer feeling anything, he felt like he was only moving out of instinct. 
The world was bleak. 
On the single sofa next to the bed, Grace immediately woke up from her sleep, she stayed with Iris all day and night and Aliana did the same thing too. Hanna came to see Iris this afternoon, but she was sleeping throughout the day, only woke up when Rora was crying, which was not often, the baby didn’t make fuss and spent most of the time sleeping. 
Iris also refused to let her baby was being breastfed by another woman. Della had volunteered to do it, seeing how much Iris was shaken up for losing her baby, it would let her take some time to rest and grieve properly, but Iris turned down the idea almost immediately. 
Iris and Della gave birth on the same day, because Iris couldn’t bring her babies to full terms. 
"How is she?" Cane asked. 
"The baby..." Grace started her explanation, but Cane cut her off. 
"My mate." 
"Oh..." Grace cleared her throat because she thought the alpha wanted to know about the baby’s condition first. "Luna is recovering, she will be fine within a week or two, but the problem is with her emotions..." The healer told Cane about what Aliana told her and some more. "It seems, the luna sometime forgot that her other baby didn’t make it..."
Somehow, Cane knew something like this might happen, remembering how Iris tended to forget something that hurt her. That was how she coped up. It would bother him if it reached to the point she forgot Crystal’s existence, which might happen in the future if she couldn’t deal with her grieve. 
However, it was hard to decide whether it was better for her to forget and stop hurting, or to keep reminding her for something that hurt her. 
"What about the baby?" Cane sat down carefully for not waking up the two of them. He stared at Iris’s sleeping face and then to his daughter. He put his finger under his baby’s chin to close her tiny mouth. 
Grace’s expression became complicated. She tried to find a way to tell Cane about this in the most harmless way, but the alpha could already sense her trouble to explain thing to him. 
"To put it simple, the baby has the same health like the luna before I nursed her health..." Grace than added. "But worse..." 
The baby was born prematurely, not to mention she was exposed to black magic when she was born, even if Iris had purified it, but the damage had been done, though it didn’t cause sudden death like her twin, but Rora was not free from danger yet. 
"I am afraid cot death can happen to her," Grace said in small voice, but it was loud enough for Cane, as his heart gave a start. Cot death was a sudden death for baby and based on Rora’s condition right now, the risk was pretty high. 
"What solution you have?" 
Grace looked even more trouble. "Aside from keeping an eye on her all the time, I don’t have another solution, alpha." 
"What age you can say it’s safe for her?" 
"Three years. If we kept nursing her health, I expected we can loosen up a little bit when she reached three years old, she would be the same like any baby at three years, but I can’t guarantee that too, because just like the luna, Rora is not really responsive to my healing power." 
Cane fell into silent when he contemplated what Grace said. He stared at his little one, while deep in thought. 
"You will move to the luna’s bedroom, I will ask someone to arrange that tomorrow." 
The closer room to this room was the luna’s bedroom, since there were only two rooms along this corridor, though it was a little bit out of norm to move Grace to the luna’s bedroom and it could be misunderstood as her became Cane’s mistress, but Cane would deal with that rumor harshly if there was someone dare enough to make a peep about it. 
"Thank you, alpha, but..." Grace understood the severity of the situation, but there was something she wanted Cane to know, since she was sure, he had not yet informed about this. "Kaz and Maria have prepared the luna’s bedroom as the nursery room, maybe you want..." 
"Someone will rearrange the room," Cane cut her off simply. He didn’t need to see the nursery room that he didn’t ask for. 
Thankfully, Grace was quick to read the situation and she didn’t say anything else, as she left the room, leaving this little family alone. 
And more depressing silent fell into this room, as the night grew darker. People rejoiced how the sky had returned to normal, but that fact didn’t affect Cane and Iris at all, for them, they were still living under that bleak and gloomy sky. 
Cot death... 
Cane caressed his baby’s cheek lightly and put his finger under his nose to feel her warm breath. He didn’t think he would be able to sleep. 
And with that, Cane spent the night, staying awake. Iris and Rora slept peacefully, but Cane couldn’t put his mind at ease. 
By dawn, Rora was woken up and she pursed her lips, wriggling her body and from the smell of it, it was sure that she dirtied herself. 
Cane immediately carried her to a nearby table that had been prepared for her, where there a lot of baby clothes. Hanna brought this yesterday when she came over the moment she learned about Iris had given birth to twin. 
Skillfully, Cane cleaned and changed his daughter, but it seemed, Rora was also hungry, as she started crying and this woken up Iris, who immediately panicking because her baby was not by her side. 
"Here, Iris," Cane said. He brought their baby to her. "I cleaned her up, but I think she is hungry." 
Cane was familiar of how to take care a baby, but still there was something he couldn’t do. He didn’t want to mess up with Iris’s rest, that’s why he suggested for someone to be Rora’s wet nurse, yet Iris strongly disagreed with the idea and Cane would respect that. 
The alpha arranged the pillows behind her back, so she could lean comfortably when she breastfed Rora. Thankfully, despite everything that happened, she didn’t have difficulty to breastfeed her. 
Cane sat down next to her and put his arm under hers to support the weight of the baby too, while Rora was eating peacefully, sometime, she would open her eyes and stare at the two of them before she closed them again. She was not yet a week old, thus her eyes were still golden in color, they had not yet known the color of her eyes. 
"The funeral will be held tomorrow," Cane said after a long silence. He could feel Iris’s body stiffened, but then she nodded. 
"Okay." Iris stared at Rora’s small face. "Cane..." she called him with this sad and weak voice. 
"Yes, Iris." 
"When everything will end and we can live peacefully?" She dreaded the future more than ever now she had her baby. She knew the danger and it went without saying, their baby would be put in crossfire too. She lost Crystal, she would go insane if she lost Rora too, the thought of it made her sick to the stomach. 
============================ 
"Why he is tagging along?!" Aria made a fuss when she saw Redmond waltzed out from the dark. She was furious to see this man everywhere. 
"Aria." Dexter called her name to warn her. He grabbed her hand and squeezed it. They were in the presence of Zeke and his father was not very tolerant with her. 
In his father’s eyes, Aria had accomplished her purpose and it was a waste of energy to let her lived, but Dexter insisted to have her. He wanted her and he wouldn’t budge, especially when their master didn’t seem to mind with her existence. 
Meanwhile, Redmond walked lightly toward them with a smirk on his lips, which only made Aria’s stomach filled with hot air, but Dexter squeezed her hand even more to stop her making ruckus. 
"Don’t be very excited to see me, while you are with your man." Redmond nodded at Dexter. "You still can’t get rid of that bad habit for eyeing another man." He clicked his tongue and shook his head. 
"I would rather die than to have an eye on you!" 
Redmond feigned a shock expression. "But, but you were supposed to be dead." 
"Fuck you!" 
"Make that slut behave!" Zeke snapped harshly, which made Aria recoiled. 
Currently they were in the harbor of Winter Moon pack, waiting for something. 
Redmond crossed his arms in front of his chest, his eyes fixed on the frozen sea. He didn’t understand why they had to wait here, when they were well aware there was no ship could go through the thick ice during the dead winter. It sufficed to say they were being isolated from the other continent.
###Chapter 734: NOT ENOUGH TIME TO GRIEVE (3)
Chapter 734: NOT ENOUGH TIME TO GRIEVE (3)
Because Iris spent most of the time sleeping, since she was still recovering from traumatic birth experience, Grace suggested to alternate between giving the baby breast milk and her concoction, since they had to maintain the baby’s health, giving Rora only breast milk wouldn’t be enough. 
Therefore, unless it was time for Iris to breastfeed her baby, Rora would be with Cane. She would sleep on her crib in his study room, under Cane’s watch. He would go every now and then to bring her to Iris and waked her up. 
The alpha literally didn’t trust anyone to be near his daughter, if it was not an urgent matter that he had to leave Rora, he would be seen with the baby all the time and even if he had to leave, there would be Jace or Ethan by her side and a few more warriors nearby. 
Aliana suggested for Cane to look for wet nurse, so they didn’t need to wake Iris up every time the baby needed to eat, but the alpha refused, because that’s not what his mate wanted. He wouldn’t go behind her back and did something she did not approve of. 
With that, Aliana dropped the matter and stayed by Iris’s side all the time with Hanna too, she had not yet met with her missy, at least, not when she was awake, since she would be sleeping when she came over. 
Meanwhile, Grace would follow the alpha and stay close with the baby, but occasionally she would check on Iris and make her concoction for both mother and daughter. 
"Cane, I think you need to give an explanation for the people," Ethan said in low voice because he didn’t want to wake up the little one. All the warriors had to report everything to him and Jace and only the two of them were allowed to enter the study room to relay the message, while Cane writing a few replies for the secret message to his spies. 
Cane dropped the quill and stared at Rora’s sleeping face. She didn’t make a fuss and was very calm. She had been sleeping for three hours now and like usually, Cane would come over to check on her, making sure she was breathing... 
He felt like he was on edge every time he did this. He dreaded the moment if there was something wrong with her. 
"People keep asking whether Iris gave birth to baby girls and if one of the babies didn’t make it, there are a lot of rumors circulated among people about the birth of your daughter, Cane. People wanted to believe the baby is boy." Ethan grimaced, he had tried his best to control the situation, but with everything that was going on, he and Jace simply had a lot on their plates to deal with these rumors. 
After all, people gossiped all the time and even though it might look harmless at this moment, but if you let it slide, this problem would snowball out of control like the problem with Iris. The sentiment of people and their hatred toward her started like this and it went out of control. 
No matter what, you couldn’t control what people think and what they felt, but you could redirect this matter before it was too late. 
That was what Ethan meant and Cane was well aware of it. 
"What about the funeral?" Cane asked, he picked up Rora from the crib when the baby woke up, she smacked her lips and opened her eyes for a second, before she closed them again and wriggled her body. 
Cane placed the baby against his chest and rubbed her back gently, while she made noises. His focus was on his baby and all little thing she did, it mesmerized him, he felt like she was the center of his world. 
Cane was barely sleeping and he was on edge every second of it, thinking something bad might happen to his little one and his mate, not to mention the pressure from the Holy Kingdom, they had been insinuating about the meeting to discuss about the black wisp, though they still held themselves back because of the mourning period, but after the funeral Cane didn’t think the Serafim would continue to be considerate to wait for an answer from him. 
"Cane, did you listen to me?" Ethan asked, because Cane didn’t reply to his report about the funeral. He knew when Cane simply ignored him, but still listened to his report, but he also could tell when he spaced out and lately, he had been doing the latter whenever he stared at his daughter. "Cane?" 
Cane was staring at Rora’s little fingers that wrapped around his forefinger, while she made baby noises, it seemed fascinated Cane. 
"Cane." Ethan nudged his arm, because he couldn’t raise his voice and startled the baby, Cane would surely kick him on the ass if he did that and maybe there would be piles of assignment for him afterwards. 
Cane blinked his eyes and then shifted his attention from his baby. "What?" 
"Did you listen to my report about the funeral?"
Cane was silent for a moment and lightly spoke. "Repeat." 
Ethan wanted to cry and pull his hair out of frustration, this was not the first time this happened, but when his eyes fell on the baby, he summoned his patience and repeated the report once again for his precious alpha. 
============================= 
"Miss?" Hanna called Iris when she saw Iris was awake, she looked around her groggily before her eyes laid on Hanna, who had tears on her eyes. "You are awake!" she sobbed lightly. 
"Hanna?" Iris furrowed her brows. "Why are you here?" 
Hanna stopped her sobs and then hugged Iris, which only made her even more confused. "What do you mean why I am here? Of course, I will be here, you are back to Howling Wolf pack now and have been wanting to see you, but you always sleep." 
Iris blinked her eyes and as if her memories slowly returned back to her, she recalled the event. She started crying to when she hugged Hanna tightly. 
"Hanna... I lost my baby... I lost her because I can’t protect her... I am a bad mother, I can’t protect my baby..." Iris cried inconsolably against Hanna’s chest, she felt this familiarity from her, the comfort that she always got from her ever since she was little and once she cried, she couldn’t stop. This was something that Iris couldn’t do with Aliana. 
Yes, Iris was close with Aliana, especially during their travel together, but the bond between her and Hanna was completely different. 
Hanna was the only person, who always with her since the beginning, the first person, who offered her comfort and love, someone who taught her how to be kind, someone who always be there. 
Iris only had Hanna before she had Cane or anyone else by her side. 
"Hanna, my baby is dead... my baby is dead..." Iris cried her heart out, this was not a silent cry like a sob that she occasionally let out in front of Cane or Aliana, but it was a full blown breakdown, where to the point, she was hyperventilating. Iris let out her grief and bared her feeling in the open for Hanna. "Hanna... what should I do? My baby is dead...!" 
Hanna hugged Iris tightly, didn’t allow her to break into pieces even more, she tried to comfort her, as she kept whispering to her ear, but at the same time, she let her to express her sadness and agony. 
People outside of the room could hear her heartache, the five warriors had their head hung so low, while Aliana stared at the closed door with a tray of food in her hands. She decided it was not the time for her to interrupt this moment with food, so she would wait until Iris calmed down. 
Aliana believed, right now Iris needed Hanna more than anything, the two of them had gone through a lot and if Cane was not able to make Iris let out her misery and showed the anguish she felt, Hanna certainly could, with that Aliana stayed back. 
However, not long after, when they still could hear Iris’s cry from outside, Kaz and Maria came to approach them. 
Aliana frowned to see the pair and hand the tray of food to Zephyr, as she approached them before they could move closer toward the alpha and the luna’s bedroom. 
"What do you want?" Aliana asked, she stopped them. 
"Aliana, why are you so cold toward us?" Maria frowned. "We came here to greet the luna, because we have not yet met with her ever since she returned to the pack." 
"Everyone else has not yet met with her too. She is not in a good condition to see anyone. You will be able to see her during the funeral." Aliana implied the two of them were not special to be able to meet with the luna when everyone else couldn’t. 
Kaz sighed. "But, there are a few things we wanted to say to the luna. We wanted to apologize for what we have done to her in the past. Please, let us meet with her." Kaz wanted to walk past Aliana, but she blocked his way again. "What happened? Is that the luna, who is crying?" 
Only then Kaz and Maria noticed the crying sound that came from the bedroom. 
"What happened? Is the luna crying? Is she hurt?" Maria asked, she was about to approach the door, but Aliana held her hand firmly.
###Chapter 735: UNTIL THE DAY WE MEET AGAIN
Chapter 735: UNTIL THE DAY WE MEET AGAIN
"Don’t!" Aliana said that word more stern and firm than before, she glared at Maria, who was trying to approach the bedroom and see Iris for herself. 
Seeing the look on Aliana’s face, Maria startled, she recoiled and lowered her head. All of the pack member were close with one another, like family, there was this special bond between them, they were bonding over their trauma. 
However, things started to be different, not everything would stay the same understanding their current situation and now the relationship between Aliana and Maria, which used to be close, started to drift away. 
"Aliana, you shouldn’t treat her like that!" Kaz reprimanded Aliana. "If the luna is crying because she lost her baby, Maria can help her!" 
"How she can help her?" Aliana narrowed her eyes and stared at Kaz coldly. The two of them had been desperate to be on the alpha’s good grace because their last assignment had been completed and they shouldn’t be in this pack house anymore, but Cane had been very busy and he didn’t have time to pay close attention to the two of them, while the other servants and warriors felt reluctant to be strict with them, because they saw Kaz and Maria as their elders.
"Aliana, have you forgotten? It was Maria, who stayed by you when you lost your baby, she made you feel better. She had experienced with grieving mothers, who lost their babies, of course, she can help the luna!" Kaz argued with Aliana. 
However, his argument didn’t make Aliana felt good at all. What he said only angered her. 
"This is different case, Kaz." Aliana gritted her teeth, but her murderous eyes rested on the old man now, which made him took a step back. It startled him to see the hostility in Aliana’s eyes. "If I were the luna, I don’t want people, who hurt me to be by my side when I was down." 
"We are here to apologize and move on from our old grudge, we can start new Chapter." Kaz was still adamant with the ideal ending for this dispute. 
"That’s not up to you to decide." Aliana stared down at Kaz, who was being very stubborn now. "You can’t force someone to accept your apology, just because you apologized to them." 
"The luna is not like her father, right? She will not hold grudge against us if we had a talk with her and made her understood..." Kaz grew frustrated because Aliana couldn’t see things from his point of view. 
Aliana cut his words when Kaz started to downplay the situation and use the same statement over and over again. "Yes, the luna is not like her father, but I think after so many years of slavery, it’s you who had turned like her father instead." 
"Aliana! How rude is that?!" Maria exclaimed, to be compared with that devil was a great humiliation. 
"How can I be rude?" Aliana threw a dagger look at Maria and swatted away her hand in her grip. "You treated her badly even after you knew she had helped us during the slavery and now you demanded her to forgive and forget? The luna is too nice, if I were her, I would have thrown you out of the pack house long time ago." 
"How can you say something like that to us?" Kaz was shocked to hear this words came from Aliana’s mouth. 
"Because you never understand, even now, you don’t feel you are in the wrong. You want to apologize because the alpha finally punished you and you wanted to treat the luna well because she gave birth to the future alpha!" 
"She gave birth to a baby girl! The baby is not strong enough! Grace has been keeping an eye on her! How she can be the future alpha?!" Kaz was furious, when he learned it was twin girls, he was very disappointed, but then he chucked it out because no matter what the baby was still the alpha’s flesh and blood. 
However, what Aliana did next, left them stunned speechless. 
A slap landed on Kaz’s face, which startled the five warriors behind Aliana, who watched from the distance. 
Aliana actually slapped him so hard the old man took two steps back. 
"How dare you talk like that Kaz!" Aliana growled and Zephyr needed to intervene because she looked like she was going to lose it. 
"Al- Aliana..." Maria stuttered. 
"Kian, escort the two of them out of the pack house, the alpha had ordered to not let them stepped in the pack house once the preparation for the funeral is done," Zephyr ordered one of the warriors, while he held Aliana back. 
Kian immediately escorted Kaz and Maria away from the pack house. Kaz was too stunned to speak after the slap and Maria was crying her heart out, asking to meet with the luna and to see the baby. 
"Are you okay?" Zephyr asked Aliana. 
For a moment, Aliana only stared at Kaz and Maria, who had been ushered away from her sight, her eyes were cold, she hated it when they brought up about her dead baby and used that reason for comparison. Everyone grieved differently and Aliana didn’t think she was done mourning the lost of her baby. 
More so, how dense what Kaz said about Iris and Cane’s baby. Kaz was being insensitive and unnecessary cruel. 
Aliana took a deep breath and forced a smile. "I am fine." She turned around and stared at the closed door. "Don’t let anyone came into the room. I will be back with hot meal." 
Zephyr only nodded and let her left, while they were listening to their Luna’s heartfelt cries for another hours. It was indeed very cruel of Kaz to talk about the baby like that. 
Zale and Ezra came over to see Iris, but Zephyr told them not to bother the luna for a while. After that, Joyce, Celia and Leena came over too, but they were told to go back later. Joel also came, but he didn’t ask to meet with the luna, he only asked about her condition right now, after that he left, dragging Zale and Ezra with him because they refused to budge from there. 
The two young boys complained because they wanted to stand guard with the other warriors in front of their luna’s bedroom, but Joel was unfazed. He kept dragging them away, while the three girls followed from behind. 
Later at evening, close to midnight, the funeral for the fallen warriors would be held after the family funeral, where Cane would walk with Crystal in his arms, he needed to carry the baby from the pack house to the family grave in the bottom of the Goffa mountain, where all of his family was buried. 
Everyone was holding a candle or a luminous pearl to illuminate the way. 
While Cane carried Crystal, Iris walked beside him. All of them were wearing black, it was the color of their pack. 
After her outburst this afternoon with Hanna, she didn’t sleep and barely ate something, she looked haggard and as if the cold wind would be able to topple her. 
Cane suggested for her to stay behind, but how could she miss this? Iris would come and finish the whole process even if she had to crawl... Cane knew that and he didn’t insist. 
They walked side by side with their baby in Cane’s arms and Aliana followed behind with Rora in the healer’s arms. 
Under the pale moonlight and the cold wind of winter, they walked step by step with all the member of the Howling Wolf pack walked with them too, illuminating the way with the candles and luminous pears in their hands. 
Lou, the Serafim and people from the Holy Kingdoms were among them. They were wearing black too and this was the first time for the merchant to wear another color without complain. 
Once they arrived at the cave, it was only Cane and Iris, who went inside, where they would put their baby to her last resting place, along with her other family member. 
There was this small little casket where they would lay her down there. 
Gently, Cane put Crystal down on the casket, where inside had been decorated like a little bed for her with flowers around. 
"Cane, I can’t leave her alone here..." Iris stopped Cane when he was about to close the casket lid. "She will be alone here... I don’t want to leave her alone..." 
Cane held Iris to support her body, because she was about to collapse. 
"Don’t do this, Cane... please take her back, let’s go back... we can’t leave her alone here in this place. Let’s bring our daughter back, Cane..." Iris had been very calm on their way here, but suddenly she had this breakdown. "Cane, don’t leave her alone... let’s go back... let’s go back with her." 
Iris wanted to pick her baby from her little casket, but Cane hugged her from behind to prevent her doing so. 
"Cane, what are you doing? We can’t let her sleep there, this is cold, she must be feeling cold..." 
"Iris, please..." 
Iris kept begging Cane to take their baby and her voice echoed throughout the cave walls, while the alpha held her, hugged her, but all the luna wanted was her baby... 
"Our baby will not be alone, love... she will not be alone," Cane whispered to her ear. 
’Now we have to remember you for longer that we have known you and we are going to miss you until the day we meet again.’ 
=Crystal Nera Nortern-
###Chapter 736: I WILL DO IT
Chapter 736: I WILL DO IT
"How is she?" Cane asked Grace, he was holding baby Rora in his arms, who kept crying. She was hungry, but Iris fell into a deep sleep, she was having a high fever ever since last night after they finished with the funeral. 
"She will be fine," Grace said. "I can’t use my power, so someone needs to constantly feed her the medicine, but there is side effect of it..." 
"What is it?" Cane’s eyes turned a few shades darker. 
"With the medicine, the luna can’t breastfeed Rora," Grace replied, she looked at the alpha apologetically. 
"What else?" Cane asked in deep voice. He was trying to soothe Rora, but there was nothing he could do, because the baby was hungry. 
"Give her some rest, she will be fine... physically," Grace then added. "what luna Iris is going through right now is more about mentally than physically. I can help with her fever, but I can’t help more than that... and the crucial thing is, if your mind and heart are hurt, it will affect the body too." 
What Grace wanted to say was; she could cure Iris’s fever, but if she was still mentally not stable, she would keep being sick. 
"Understood." 
After that, Cane gave an order to call Della over so she could breastfeed baby Rora and also Hanna to accompany Iris. She needed her more than she needed Aliana this time, with that Cane gave Aliana new assignment. 
"Let me do it," Laluna said when she overheard what Aliana told Della. "I will breastfeed the baby." 
Della was frozen, she had her back against Laluna, but she still remembered her voice. All this time when she was in the Golden Light pack, she had always been careful not to reveal her face or identity, knowing there were handful people, who knew her. 
Thankfully, they were too proud enough to even spare a glance to a maid, since she dressed like one, but being this close, Laluna would recognize her, if she still remembered her scent well. 
Della immediately covered her face with the hoodie from her cloak at the same time Laluna approached them and stood next to the former queen. 
"We don’t know her and this is the alpha’s baby that we are talking about, how we can let the baby is being breastfed by a mere servant?" Laluna spoke righteously. 
Aliana took a deep breath to calm herself from lashing out. She had a lot of things to do and only came here to ask favor from Della, but it was her bad luck that Laluna overheard them. She didn’t have time for this base argumentation. 
"It’s so rich coming from you, princess Laluna when you let wet nurse to breastfeed your baby." Aliana crossed her arms in front of her chest, she wanted to talk ’gently’ with Laluna, but her sarcasm slipped from her lips without her being able to stop it. 
Hearing that, Laluna’s face turned red. "I said, I will be the one, who breastfeed the baby, not the wet nurse. I am the mother of the future king of this continent, the alpha will prefer me over her." 
Be kind. Be kind. Be kind. 
Aliana repeated the words like spell. She needed to remind herself that Laluna’s status was higher than her and she was not supposed to find trouble with her. 
Yet, Aliana couldn’t help it... 
"So, you let a servant to breastfeed your baby, while you will breastfeed other baby? How can you let the future king of the continent to latch on someone from lower status?" Aliana then added, she knew her spell didn’t work. "If the alpha wanted you to breastfeed his baby, he will ask you, princess." 
Laluna’s face turned even redder when she heard that sharp replied, but she lifted her chin up and walked toward the alpha and luna’s quarter. "I will talk to alpha Cane myself." 
Aliana blocked her way and stopped her from coming to the alpha’s bedroom, she didn’t want to disturb his time with the luna, especially with Iris’s current condition. 
"I will talk with the alpha." Aliana really wanted to get rid these shameless women, who kept hovering over her alpha. 
"I heard you are busy. I will talk with alpha Cane myself, you don’t need to worry." Laluna knew this was the perfect chance for her to be close with Cane, more so when she learned about Iris’s condition at this moment. "Don’t block my way and don’t touch me, you can’t touch royal family without permission, I hope you remember that." 
Aliana gritted her teeth and lowered her hand, she was about to stop Laluna by getting physical, but she reminded her of their status. 
Laluna was actually not the royal descendent, she gained her status because of her late mate and now her son. 
"Luna Iris has saved my son’s life, this is my way to show my gratitude toward her, I will save her daughter’s life." 
That was what Laluna said before she walked away. In a sense, it was right for Laluna to do this favor for Iris, but Aliana was a thousand percent sure, her luna wouldn’t want her precious baby to be breastfed by her. 
"You don’t need to worry, Aliana," Della said. She had been ignored entirely for the whole ordeal. "She is no longer lactating." 
Prince Vemion was already one year old now and Laluna didn’t breastfeed him, since he was born, there was no way she was still be able to breastfeed another baby right now. 
"The alpha will not allow that to happen too." 
"Oh, you are right." Aliana chuckled. She was too carried away with her irritation, she forgot about this fact. 
Though, Aliana felt bad for the alpha to deal with another crazy woman on top of all the trouble, but there was nothing she could do. 
With that, Della went to the alpha’s bedroom, but she intentionally slowed down her step, so she wouldn’t encounter Laluna again, while Aliana had another thing to do. 
The sky was bleak, it was still afternoon, but the sun almost set since this was winter, though people were happy and relief to be able to see the normal sky again, but their happiness didn’t last for long... 
======================== 
"I need to stay with my missy," Hanna said to Will. "Is it okay for you?" She was worried about her missy’s condition, but she was also worried about Will. Though he looked fine right now, but sometime Hanna would find him hurting himself, albeit it was not as often now. 
"I will be fine, don’t worry." Will kissed her forehead. "I will walk you to the pack house." 
Will carried the bag that Hanna had prepared and walked her to the pack house, he held her hand and listened to what she was saying, her voice, like usual, always gave him this sense of safety and comfort. It kept his negative thoughts at bay, as he stared at her. 
On their way, they met with Nala, who was walking around aimlessly, she looked upset, but her eyes lit up when she saw Hanna. 
"You must be Hanna, right? Iris’s personal maid?" Nala approached her, they had met countless time and even had a conversation here and there, especially when Hanna followed Iris to the capital city, but right now, Nala acted like this was the first time they met and was actually very sweet when she talked with her. "May I know how is she? Is she fine? Can I see her? I want to say my condolence." 
Hanna frowned, she was not that stupid to know this woman must have hidden intention for asking her missy’s condition. 
"My missy is fine, the alpha is taking care of her." Hanna could see the irritation in Nala’s eyes and then added. "I am sure my missy doesn’t want to see you and all she wanted now is being with her MATE and THEIR DAUGHTER." 
Will smiled to see how Hanna gave Nala some attitude, in the past, Nala’s status was higher than her and their situation wouldn’t allow Hanna to act so brashly, but right now, Nala was only an inconvenience in their pack. 
"Let’s go!" Hanna hugged Will’s arm and walked away before Nala could recover from her shock to see how rude that maid was. 
"What the hell?!" Nala cursed, but Hanna and Will had walked away. 
Actually Nala had been kicked out from the bedroom because Lou was in a bad mood. He couldn’t get any information about Iris at all, let alone to see her. It was not sure what he wanted to know, but he wanted any form of news about her. 
Nala couldn’t understand his infatuation and like usual, they were butted head until the merchant kicked her off their bedroom and told her not to return until she got any news about Iris. 
Nala had asked Kian, but he didn’t want to reveal anything. That man upset her the most! He had slept with her, told her how he liked her, though he kept saying that their relationship was not right, but he couldn’t resist her. 
And yet, there was not a single peep Nala could get out of his mouth! 
"Arrgh!" Nala scratched her head and squatted down. "It’s cold..." she whimpered, she wanted to cry because it was so cold and she was only wearing thin robe. 
She was very upset, she was angry, but at the same time she wanted to cry... 
"Why everyone is so mean to me?" A single lonely tear rolled down her cheek.
###Chapter 737: THEY ARE COMING
Chapter 737: THEY ARE COMING
Nala hated it when she had to cry, she didn’t like to show this side of her. She felt so weak and helpless. She gritted her teeth and tried to wipe away her tear, but when she did, more tears rolled down her cheeks. 
She was angry and upset, but why she was crying instead?! She didn’t understand herself. She shouldn’t be crying, right? When you were angry, you should be mad, not cry! 
However, she couldn’t help this loneliness that seeped into her heart when she saw Hanna walked away with Will hand in hand. 
Even a lowly maid could have someone to rely on, someone, who stuck by her side! But, why she couldn’t have someone like that?! Every man that she met in her life was suck! They wanted her body and that was all! They didn’t give a shit about her after they hurt her! 
Now she had to do everything she could to preserve her life. She was alone and she had no one to be called friend, neither she had a man for her to rely on. 
She was all alone and her life was suck! 
"I am hungry..." Nala hugged her knees, as she squatted down and let the snow to pile up on her shoulders. 
"If you were hungry, you should be eating, not crying." 
Nala was startled and immediately turned her body only to see Lou was standing right behind her. This must be the cold from the snow that messed with her senses, because she didn’t realize him was there until now. 
Still squatting down, Nala shot Lou a dagger look, her eyes were bloodshot red, her nose too, as tears still escaped her eyes. 
"What?!" she snapped harshly at him. 
"Why are you angry with me?" Lou frowned. "Come, stand up. You said you are hungry, I am hungry too. I don’t like food in this pack house, let’s find something to eat." 
Lou walked away, but after a few steps and he realized Nala didn’t follow him, he stopped and turned around. 
"What? You don’t want to eat? Stop sulking, come and accompany me to eat, I don’t like eating alone." 
"Go and find Sabian to eat with you!" Nala stood up, but she stayed in her place. 
"Eating with an old man will make me lost my appetite." 
Sabian, who was standing at the sideline could only cry for the injustice, he didn’t even do anything, but how could his master not fail to make a jab against him? 
"There is drought, where else will you find food if it’s not in the pack house!" Nala grumbled, but she walked over to continue with their bickering. 
From the look of it, Lou didn’t look for someone to accompany him to eat, but he looked for someone to bicker with since Ethan had been busy with his assignments. 
But, like what Nala had told Lou, all the restaurant was closed, how could they have something to sell when they were having problem with food already? They relied on the pack house to feed them all during this winter and even if they found something to eat, it would be scarce, because they needed to hunt in the mountain to get a game or two. 
And this problem was presented in front of the Serafim as well in the meeting with Jace and Ethan, both of them represented their alpha for the same reason that Cane was still grieving, so he would stay with his mate and their baby. 
Abby couldn’t force him to come and discuss this matter, since it would make her look very heartless. 
"You don’t need the alpha to be presence here for discussing about the logistic," Ethan replied to Koda’s protest for Cane’s absence, his demand was something that Abby had been wanting to ask, but thankfully Koda voiced out about it first. 
"Two warehouses where we stored food had been destroyed during the attack in the Aggeverya road and if we want to preserve the area, we need to send more food and people there." Jace took their attention back to the main topic here. 
Aggeverya road was a critical point, that was the only way to connect the south and the west. 
"With the warehouses were being destroyed we are in a demanding situation to find more food for our warriors and knights, until the ice melted and we can get more food from other continent." 
"Black market..." Koda was about to talk about this, but he immediately clamped his mouth. He forgot. 
"Black market is out of option. Black market is no more," Ethan reminded him. Cane had destroyed that place week ago and once the news about it spread to the other continent, Karam people would be the first, who would be enraged, since a lot of their merchants were there and their guilds had their bases there. 
"The only was to attack the Moon Dew pack and Winter Moon pack and seized theirs," Cedric suggested an idea.
The Serafim was not familiar with this kind of strategist, thus she couldn’t come up with something, as she listened to them. She knew they were lacking of food, but she didn’t know how to solve it, since she had never faced with this kind of problem before. 
"Yeah, it seems, that’s the only option we have," Ethan said lightly. "Maybe our number will dwindle to the point our stock will be enough for all of us." 
That was actually an ignorant suggestion when it came from Cedric, knowing fully well their enemy were not a simple royal family and their two packs in the east, but an ancient creature named Decratic. 
They just experienced a full blown battle against the Decratic and they barely made it with the cost of one of their luna’s babies and now he was talking about attacking the pack. 
"Why? That’s a great idea. We need to gather our people and attack the east!" In Koda’s perspective, who was still clueless about the power Decratic held, what happened in the Golden Light pack was simply because of what black magic users did, knowing lady Cyan was black witch, it was not a surprised. 
Ethan sighed deeply, he crossed his arms in front of his chest. His eyes glared sharply at the Serafim. If he had all respect for her before he met her, now it all had gone the more he saw her. 
"How long you want to hold onto this information? It’s your enemy to begin with, but you used our land to be your showdown against him, but you refused to let us know a single thing about it." Ethan gritted his teeth when he spoke and Jace let him said what he needed to say. 
After all, the gamma was right. 
"If you think this matter is part of your Holy Kingdom’s secret and this is all your problem, by all means, solved it yourself." Ethan couldn’t stand this anymore. 
"What happened here?" Koda was clueless, he looked around him and sensed there was something was going on that he was not aware of. 
The room grew quiet and the sky turned darker, as the night was approaching. In the other side of the pack house, Laluna was trying to meet with Cane, but Dean and Pax told her to leave, while Eron sneaked Della into the luna’s bedroom, where Grace had been waiting for her with baby Rora in her arms. The baby was crying because she was hungry. 
Della immediately hugged the baby and calmed her down, at the beginning the baby was making fuss and didn’t want to latch on her, but after some coaxing, Rora finally gave in, she made a lot of noises as if she was not happy about it. 
"She quite has a temper," Della noted, though she was only a few days old. 
"Yeah, what to do, you can see how her parent have their own temper too." Grace caressed Rora’s ruddy cheek, while the baby kept making noises, though she was being breastfed. 
Della then remembered how angry Iris was back then when she realized the children were being forced to walk with chain and barefooted. 
"You are right," Della agreed with her. 
Meanwhile, the said parent was in the next room, where it was very quiet and only the cracking sound from the firewood in the fireplace could be heard. 
Cane was sitting on the edge of the bed, holding Iris’s hand, while staring at her pale, sleeping face. His own face was devoid from any emotions, but this time, he thought about nothing. He didn’t want to think about anything. 
Time flew very quickly, but at the same time it was very slow. Ethan and Grace came and go from his bedroom to report what was going on around them, but Cane couldn’t find himself to care about such matter. He only kept his eyes on his mate and occasionally checked on his baby, who was with Grace in the next room. 
Without realizing it, morning had come and Cane didn’t sleep a blink, his back was ramrod, as he stayed in his position for a long time. 
"You are awake..." Cane helped Iris to sit down. He checked her forehead and was relief because her fever had gone down. "How are you feeling?" 
Iris blinked her eyes and then looked around her, she stared at the sky out there, it was still dark, the sun rose late in winter. 
"They are coming, Cane..." Iris said, she turned her head to look at her mate. "We need to prepare..."
###Chapter 738: SOMETHING CANE WANTED FROM HACO
Chapter 738: SOMETHING CANE WANTED FROM HACO
Iris could feel how she became more sensitive with black magic, she had faced off with this certain black magic for three times by now. The density of the darkness was very thick with this black magic, something that could only come from a certain black magic user. Someone that was so vicious, someone that could be called as the epitome of all the evil thing. 
They were marching here. 
"What do you mean with that Iris?" Cane came closer to her and caressed her cheek, he wiped sweat from her forehead and tucked strand of her hair behind her ear. 
"They wanted to break us. He wanted to break us." 
"Who are they?" Cane creased his brows. If ’he’ that Iris referred to was the Decratic, he was not sure about ’they’. Was it the Decratic’s worshipper? 
"Where is Rora?" Iris realized her baby was not with her, neither she was within her sight. 
"Rora is with Grace and Della, you can’t breastfeed her because you are medicated. They are in the next room." Cane reassured her that their baby was fine. He wouldn’t allow any mishap befell on their baby. He apologized because he couldn’t let her to breastfeed Rora, since Grace told them so. 
Iris was sad, but she understood. 
"I need to meet with the Serafim," Iris said, she then explained what she felt and what she thought might happen to them. 
Cane listened to her carefully. Everything had fallen into chaos now, his scheme wouldn’t work at this point and only brute force could help their situation. They needed strength and forces. 
Forgot about the throne and everything that involved around that, because right now, none of it was important when there was this dark entity lurked from the shadow that was ready to take down the realm within his palm and brought the unfinished battle from five hundred years ago. 
The game had changed. 
The entire chessboard had ruined and now they had to defend themselves and people they loved with everything they had. 
"I will ask someone to request an urgent meeting," Cane said. 
"Cane..." Iris tugged at his sleeve, she didn’t continue, but Cane knew what she was going to say. 
"I will not let anything happen to our baby, Iris. Promise." He kissed the tip of her nose, as he promised her. The promise that he might not be able to keep. 
Iris gulped down with difficulty. She nodded. "Hanna will be here to help you get dressed, I will meet you in the meeting with the Serafim." 
"Where are you going?" Iris looked at Cane, puzzled. He was ready to go when he said he was going to order someone else to arrange the meeting with the Serafim. 
"There is something I need to talk with Haco. I will not be long, get ready, okay?" Cane kissed Iris’s forehead. He knew, it would be a long and hard battle. 
Cane went directly to meet with Haco. The sorcerer was in the orphanage, he stayed there once they managed to get away from the battlefield. His condition was... not good. Really not good. 
On his way out of the pack house, Cane met with Will, who would return to the pack house after he walked Hanna to stay with Iris. 
"How’s there?" Cane asked Will. He glanced at his former personal warrior, he looked better than the last time he saw him. His decision was right to not bring Will with him. Hanna was all he needed. 
"Amara and Tatiana helped with the orphanage, while Lando kept pestering his sister. He is very quiet." 
Lando was alpha Nolan’s son, the kid that Aderan had kidnapped as the leverage to keep alpha Nolan in check, but then that alpha sent his two daughters for Cane in exchange for his son. 
Albeit the outcome was not how alpha Nolan wanted, but Cane was sure, he couldn’t care less about missing two daughters, since he had a lot and the only important thing in his eyes was his son. 
This thought sent waves of rages within Cane. He couldn’t imagine to do the same thing to his daughter. Some people were really born evil and didn’t deserve a child at all... 
Lando didn’t say much ever since Aderan kidnapped him. No one could say for sure, whether this was his usual personality, or he was still shock because he was being taken away from his pack. 
Will reported everything that he knew to the alpha, this was their first time to talk in long conversation on their way back to the orphanage, ever since Cane arrived in this pack. 
Once they were in the orphanage, Cane immediately went to see Haco. The old man was staring at the wall, sitting on his chair next to the window. His hair had turned white, while Celia combed his long hair, while singing for him. The look on the old sorcerer was so peaceful, as he enjoyed the song Celia sung. 
"Alpha!" Celia exclaimed, as she realized the alpha had been standing there, she looked timid when she backed away. 
Albeit she knew Cane was not going to hurt her and she still felt scared of him. The alpha was very intimidating and in the eyes of a child like her, was very scary with his deep gaze and glaring scar on his face. 
However, when Celia timidly walked past him, Cane stretched out his hand and caressed her head silently, which made the girl smiled and rushed out of the room. 
After he was left alone with Haco, Cane approached the old man and stood in front of him. 
"Haco," Cane called him, but he didn’t give any response, instead he stared at the closed door, frowning because Celia had left. "Haco, I want to ask whether you bring the stone with you?" 
Haco blinked his eyes and Cane had to move in his line of sight to get his attention, as he repeated the same question. 
"Haco, I heard you doubled back to get the stone when you supposed to flee from Diandem pack." Cane lowered his body, so they were on the same eyes level. "Where is it? Where is the stone?" 
Haco blinked his eyes, he seemed not to understand what Cane meant and what he wanted. 
============================ 
"Thank you, Della," Iris said, as she cradled baby Rora in her arms, the little one felt so soft and fragile. She was sleeping right now. 
Della had told Iris not to call her with the title, because she was no longer a queen and she felt uncomfortable when she insisted to address her as such, thus they called each other by name only. 
"You don’t need to thank me, Iris. I am happy that I can help. You helped me too with Adelle, remember?" Della and Aderan chose the name for their baby girl. "I hope Rora and Adelle will become friend when they grew up." 
Iris smiled softly. "I wish the same." She caressed her baby’s cheek. 
From outside, Otis informed her that the meeting would be held in the alpha’s study and the Serafim was heading there right now. 
"But, the alpha will be a little bit late, luna." 
****************** 
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
###Chapter 739: DARK FORCES
Chapter 739: DARK FORCES
"Why Cane is late?" Iris asked, she stared at the close door, while Otis’s voice travelled inside. 
Currently, Iris was with Hanna, who helped her to get dressed and Della also Grace, because the healer had a strict order to be with the baby all the time, just in case something went wrong with Rora. 
"The alpha sent word that there is something he had to do, but Will explained that the alpha is helping one of the orphan children to go through her first shift." 
"First shift? Who is that?" Iris asked, curious. Since, she had never gone through any shifting she didn’t have any experience about it, but from what she knew, it was difficult and could be very painful, if there was no one to guide you during that period of time. 
First shift was a remarkable moment for a shifter, as this would be the first time for them to get the power of their beast. To became one with their mythical side. It was crucial moment, where they should be in sync with their beast side for the first time. 
"It is Joyce, luna," Otis replied. 
Leena went to look for someone to help her because Joyce was in pain, her body was so hot and she suddenly writhed on the floor, which scared the little girl and at that time, Cane was the only person nearby and heard her cries. 
He knew almost immediately what Joyce was currently going through and approached the poor little girl. Cane cradled Joyce in his arms, as he guided her through this whole process. 
"Don’t fight back," Cane said. He remembered how his father guided him through this experience so many years ago and how he watched his brother and sister went through the same thing too, after that, he did the same to almost all the children in the pack during their first shift when they were in the slavery, Joel included. "Don’t fight it back, let it comes." 
When you shifted for the first time, you would feel like there was something intruded your mind and made your heart restless. Your first instinct would be to fight it back, but if you did it, the process would take a long time and would be more painful in each time you resisted it. 
However, it was hard to fight your first instinct if you were confused about what to do, especially when no one had ever explained this to you. 
Cane put Joyce on the floor again, but this time, he let her laid on her stomach, while he rubbed his back and massaged her stiff neck, while Leena was staring at the two of them, she was still sobbing. You could hear how Joyce started to growl and this scared the little girl. 
"Leena," Cane called the scared little girl. "Can you help me to get Will here? I need his help." 
Leena raised her head and then nodded before she scurried away from the room. Actually, Cane didn’t need Will help, Joyce was fine, she was about to shift, but Leena would be traumatized to see Joyce shifted for the first time, since it wouldn’t be as smooth as the adult shifter. 
At first, Joyce supported her body with her elbows and knees, as she alternated between sobbing and growling. 
Her shifting started from her lower body and she screamed in shock to see her body changed, it could be scary to see how half of your body was not what you expected to see. 
With this, Cane shifted into his beast and nudged her cheek, as if telling her that was alright. He gave comfort with his presence, until Joyce was relax enough and let the shifting process happened without resisting. 
Cane nudged the little wolf’s body beside him. Joyce’s beast was very small compared to the alpha, she had this bright honey color fur and her eyes looked confused and scared, but with the alpha by her side, he guided her out of the room and let the beast to take the first step in the open area. 
Cane’s black beast took her for a walk and run after she looked more comfortable. At first, the bright honey beast looked clumsy, she fell a few times when she tried to walk, but fifteen minutes later, she already ran alongside the alpha. 
Of course, Cane didn’t really race with her. This was the ritual to let your beast loosened up and run, or else, you would feel restless. 
"Thank you, alpha..." Joyce finally shifted back into her human form after she ran in the back yard of the orphanage for half an hour in her beast form with the alpha. She looked timid, but her ruddy cheeks showed how happy she was. She couldn’t wait to brag about it to Haco and Joel. 
Cane stretched out his hand and caressed Joyce’s head, as they walked back to the orphanage building, where Will and Leena had been waiting for her. 
"Joyce!" Leena rushed toward her and hugged her. "I am scared..." 
"Congratulation for your first shift," Will congratulated Joyce with a big smile. 
"Thank you!" Joyce hugged Will and he hugged the two of them. 
Not long after, Celia came when she heard what happened, she hugged Joyce and congratulated her. Both of them looked excited to run in their beast form later on and Leena was thrilled to have her first shift too. 
Will then approached Cane too. "Alpha, have you found what you need from Haco?" Cane told him that he was looking for something, which Haco had. 
"No. He is not in his right mind." Cane had tried everything he could think of, but to no avail. 
Celia blinked her eyes when she heard the conversation between Cane and Will, she gathered her courage to speak. 
"Alpha, are you looking for something from Haco?" she asked in her childish and timid voice. "Is that something inside his small pouch?" 
"Yes, you know that?" Cane must be muddleheaded not to think to ask Celia, since this little girl spent most of her time with Haco. 
"Yes, I know where he hid it." Celia beamed, her eyes lit up to think she was able to help the alpha with something. 
"Do you know where is it?" Cane asked next. 
"Yes, I know! But..." her voice trailed off. 
"But?" Will prodded. 
"But, Haco hid it inside his pants..." Celia saw it when that old man refused to put that pouch anywhere else and always kept it with him, but there was a few occasion, where he forgot, thus he resolved it by keeping the small pouch inside his pants. 
Will frowned, he didn’t like the sound of it. "Inside his pants...?" he repeated. 
Meanwhile, the meeting between Iris and the Serafim was going on right now. The two women were facing each other with only a round table that separated the two of them. 
"My condolence for your lost, luna," Abby said sincerely and Iris accepted it, but there was an urgent problem to be discussed and Iris didn’t want to be reminded of that heartache. 
"We need to make a preparation. I can feel dark forces come our way."
###Chapter 740: PLEASE LEAVE THE PACK
Chapter 740: PLEASE LEAVE THE PACK
"What do you mean with dark forces?" Abby narrowed her eyes, she looked at Iris with hooded eyes. How she could tell there were dark forces came their way when she couldn’t feel anything. 
Abby balled her fists under her sleeves. She didn’t want to admit that Iris’s divine power was way more powerful than her, but after witnessing how the Sylph came to her aid and how she destroyed the Nefilims, she couldn’t help the trembling in her heart. 
Someone else, held divine power stronger than the Serafim herself. How that could be possible to happen? 
"Decratic has made a move to launch another attack," Iris said in a matter of fact tone. 
"There is no way he still has the energy to launch another attack. The last time, you have injured him." Abby then leaned her body forward, as she scrunched her brows. "I still not yet received an explanation about the black wisp that appeared that day. What is that? That’s not coming from you. I am sure about that." 
Behind the Serafim was her five personal knights, while Iris brought the beta, gamma and her five personal warriors, though they were outside of the door and not stayed in the room, but Jace and Ethan were enough to support her, more so they were still waiting for a few people to come. 
Iris stared at Abby for a while, she looked aloof and nonchalant. It was not like her usual self, she looked very detached from this world, as she spoke. 
"Will explain more detail about the Decratic?" Iris asked, they still had not yet received any explanation from the Serafim about the Decratic when she supposed to provide them with some useful information. "Isn’t it very demanding of you to ask for our cooperation and all of our hard earned information when you don’t do the same favor to us?" 
"Luna Iris," Cedric intervened and the other four knights knitted their brows toward her, while Iris could feel Jace and Ethan were ready to defend her. "We are here in order to help you, to assist with the black magic and dark magic users. It is your responsibility to provide us with the detail of the information." 
However, she didn’t need that. There was nothing could scare her at this point, aside from the threat of losing people she loved and needless to say, these people before her eyes were strangers. 
"It is your responsibility to destroy and get rid of Decratic. You came here upon the information from the former prince Alan, who currently is a Decratic himself. Alpha Cane and me, and our whole packs have nothing to do with that." Iris looked very serene when she spoke, as if there was nothing could disturb her. 
That was true, the Holy Kingdom came because the information they got from Alan about the activity of the black magic, though they didn’t know Cane was the one, who pulled the string. He was the true instigator for them to be here, but in a way that was the best decision he had made. 
"If you want our cooperation, we want the same effort from your part too." Iris leaned her back against the chair, her mind was worrying about her baby, though she was speaking lightly. "I want to emphasize this; We are working together in this matter. We are not working for you, please feel free to put your knights in the front line if you still think this matter is only concern the Holy Kingdom." 
Being in the front line in the battle could be said as a suicide line, because they would be the first batch of people, who got killed if the war broke out. 
For Iris to suggest the knights to be in the front line when they faced the shifters, it almost the same like she cursed them to death, or so how it sounded for Abby and the knights. 
"You can’t demand us to reveal the matter inside the Holy Kingdom, luna Iris," Abby spoke. "We need to discuss this with our elders if we need to disclose such secret about Decratic." 
Iris nodded, she put her hand on top of Ethan’s thigh when she sensed he was about to retort, the gamma was very annoyed with the way the Serafim acted. 
"Understood," Iris said and this made Abby relieved, but it only lasted for a while, because the next thing the luna said made her gritted her teeth. "In that case, we will wait for the result of your discussion, until then we will fortify our pack against the upcoming dark forces. Please bring your knights and leave our pack until we get the answer."
Abby was stunned, she slammed her hands against the table. She looked enraged. She had been holding back her uneasy feeling against her, but now Iris was openly disrespected her. 
"Luna Iris!" Abby raised her voice, which made Jace and Ethan stood up and the five knights put their hand on the hilt of their swords, ready to unsheathed it. Tension engulfed the whole room. "Do you want to say, you will throw us out of the pack?!" 
Iris blinked her eyes innocently. She and Cane had talked about this beforehand and throwing the Serafim and the Holy Knights was actually Cane’s idea, but he was not here to address it, so Iris took this matter in her hand. 
"The Decratic is coming after you, Serafim. You are the one, he wanted. He is your responsibility to take care of and as the luna of the pack, this is my duty and my responsibility to take care of my people," Iris said. This might be the first time for her to acknowledge herself as the luna of the pack and called them as her people. "This might be harsh, but you need to understand that we have our own priority." 
Abby gritted her teeth, she was speechless. 
"You are going to kill us if you threw us out of the pack!"
###Chapter 741: PROVOCATION
Chapter 741: PROVOCATION
"You are going to kill us if you threw us out of the pack!" Abby snapped when she realized what Iris meant with that, she glared at her. 
However, Iris looked at Abby calmly, she was unfazed under the pressure that the Serafim emanated. The intimidation from her was nothing compared to Cane or from the people that she had met and hurt her. 
More so, Jace and Ethan’s presence were very comforting. She knew the two of them would never let anything happened to her. 
Not to mention the other five warriors out there. 
"The same thing goes with our circumstance, since we shelter you, the Decratic will put their aim on us. I can ask the same question to you." Iris stood up too. She was half head shorter than the Serafim, but there was something inside her that demanded respect from her opponent, especially the aloof air that surrounded her. "Are you going to kill us?" 
Abby was taken aback when the question was thrown at her, because she couldn’t find a way to retort it. 
"Luna Iris. Does it not bother your conscience when you know that your harsh decision will cause the death of thousand of our knights?" Liam finally opened his mouth to speak after he saw how flustered Abby was. 
Liam knew how the people in the Holy Kingdom treated Abby, thus she was not really good with provocation. She used to agree and lower her head to them. 
"We have fought alongside each other and lost so many people during the battle. We have helped during your time of need, but you will throw us aside." 
Iris shook her head. "I think there is misunderstanding here." Iris shifted her attention toward Liam. "It is ’us’ who have been helping your people, not the other way around." 
Ethan was flabbergasted to see how well Iris countered what Liam accused them of, so did the beta, Jace stared at the luna beside him and didn’t know what to say. He felt like he just saw Iris for the first time. The calm air that she carried was hard to ignore. 
She was the perfect luna. She carried herself really well during this argument. 
Yes, the idea was coming from Cane about how to deal with this matter and put the pressure on the Serafim. It was a bluff, because they knew it was Iris that Decratic wanted, but of course, since the Serafim and her people was giving them a hard time and was reluctant to cooperate with them, there was no way they would give them an easy way. 
"Luna Iris..." Cedric was about to speak when suddenly someone opened the door and the red robe fluttered in the air. 
Lou entered the room with a grin on his lips, his limpid eyes fell on Iris and turned very gentle. "I am sorry for being late." It was clear to see that he was only feeling sorry for Iris. "Where are we now?" Lou pushed Ethan aside and pulled a chair to sit next to Iris. 
The gamma was about to protest, but Iris had given Lou a brief explanation about what they had discussed. 
"I agreed with you!" Lou declared happily, very excited to see Cane was not there. He was at the point, he would agree with anything Iris said no matter what was that. "Why would we need to support them when they don’t want to cooperate? We are not going to lose our people anymore!" 
Lou was supporting his head, while staring at Iris openly. 
"You look so pale, are you sleeping well?" Lou asked, this question was not appropriate and out of the content of their discussion.
However, Lou’s happiness didn’t last long, when he thought Cane wouldn’t come and he could spend the entire meeting by teaming up with Iris and supported her idea, the big bad alpha entered the room. Lou’s happiness was quickly shattered, he pursed his lips like a sullen child. 
"What is he doing here?" Lou grumbled. 
Cane sat next to Iris, while Jace gave up his seat for him. 
"Where are we?" Cane asked, he stretched out his hand and caressed Iris’s face. "I am sorry for being late." 
Just like Lou, Cane only apologized toward Iris, he treated the Serafim and the other knights like air. 
Iris then proceeded to tell him more detail of what happened and that the Serafim still refused to share the information with them. 
Cane nodded, listening to her carefully. The result was within his expectation and after that, he took over the discussion. 
"I think my mate has concluded everything. Now, the decision is in your hand." Cane shifted his body to face the Serafim and the knights. They were still standing and looked displeased with the whole thing. 
"Is that a threat?" Liam asked, he narrowed his eyes. 
"That’s our decision, as the alpha and the luna of the pack. Our main priority is to protect our pack member. We have nothing to do with the battle between you and Decratic," Cane spoke solemnly. "We can’t put such threat within our wall. You are free to discuss this with your elders, I will give you time until tomorrow to exchange letter with them." 
Cedric glanced at Abby, she seemed having a hard time to make a decision. "Let me know why you can control the black wisp. What was that?" 
Cane held Iris’s hand under the table and relaxed, while Lou scoffed at the sight and crossed his arms. He looked unhappy when he spoke. 
"That’s me." Lou hated it when he had to talk about his other identity, as the sorcerer. "I was the one, who controlled the black wisp. As you already knew that I am a sorcerer." 
This was obviously a bullshit, Lou and Cane knew how unbelievable this claim was, but their aim was to agitate them. 
"There is no way it’s you, that’s not the power that a magic user could summon," Abby stated.
###Chapter 742: A MURDER
Chapter 742: A MURDER
Nala came with Lou for this sudden meeting, while the merchant was grumbling all the way here, because he didn’t want to meet with Cane, but this was his chance to see Iris, therefore, even though he had to drag his legs, he needed to come anyway. 
Nala hated it. 
Why all the men around her had to be infatuated with Iris? She was only a runt, who was gifted with a healing power, that was all! 
Cane was being affectionate with Iris, he cradled her in his palm like a precious thing, while Lou chased after her relentlessly, even though he knew he could die in the alpha’s hand if he crossed the line, while Kian was one of Iris’s personal warriors, no matter how hard she tried and how close they became, he couldn’t find in him to tell her anything about his luna. 
Nala hated it. 
She was staring at the close and glanced at Kian, but the warrior avoided her gaze, because he didn’t want the relationship between them was known by the other warriors or came to light. Nala didn’t want that too, but being in this situation made her upset. 
Meanwhile, inside the room, a heated argument ensued. 
It was not sure what Cane had told him, but he begrudgingly agreed with the alpha’s idea about how he would take the blame on this, though they were very clear that no one would believe this. 
"You can’t summon such power," Abby stated, her eyes fixed on Lou. "I dare you to do it again." 
Lou shrugged his shoulders and leaned against the backrest of the chair. "I am tired. I don’t have the energy anymore to do it. You know that I have to exhaust myself to create the portal, right?" 
"I will not believe that was your power, until I see it with my own eyes you do it." Abby glanced at Iris. She felt this turmoil inside of her heart. 
"Then what? If you don’t believe what I said, you are free to feel that way. It has nothing to do with our topic of discussion. You still need to leave the pack tomorrow." Lou did all the talking, as he received dagger looks from the Serafim’s warriors for the way he was being disrespectful toward the Serafim, yet, the merchant couldn’t care less about that. This was not the first time he was being in a crossfire. 
Another silent stretched inside the room and Lou became very bored with this slow development. He couldn’t discern how much patient Cane had to play this slow game. This was not his style at all. 
"We will..." Cedric was about to speak because the Serafim couldn’t make a decision when Abby beat him into it. 
"I want to speak alone with luna Iris," Abby said. She wanted to make sure of something, but she could feel Liam tugged on her sleeve, disagreed with her decision, so did the other knights behind her, yet Abby ignored them. "I wish you will grant me this wish before we proceed to talk further." 
"There is nothing to talk about if you don’t want to cooperate with us. Just take your belongings and then leave, make sure to destroy Decratic first before you left our continent, that guy is your headache," Lou commented and Cane didn’t stop him. 
Lou might not realize it yet when he was being manipulated by Cane, knowing his personality, he could be the voice that spoke about their dissatisfaction toward the Serafim and gathered their hostility toward him, while Cane could sit down and watch everything unfolded. 
In the beginning, Lou didn’t particularly respect the Serafim and people from the Holy Kingdom, but after getting more involved with them, his annoyance became more apparent. 
"Let’s talk," Iris said. 
The Serafim’s request was not something they expected, thus Iris’s decision to agree with it was purely because she wanted to have a private conversation with her. 
Cane squeezed her hand and kissed her cheek before he left with Lou and the other. The alpha could see another side of his mate. She was not that timid woman anymore, who didn’t dare to even look at her opponent’s eyes, but she had turned into a capable luna, who could make her own decision and knew what to do, someone that he was proud of. Iris had grown so much. 
Jace and Ethan glanced at Iris before they walked out of the room, they could see how she stood straight to face the Serafim. She looked so small and fragile, especially after what had transpired recently, but somehow if you looked at her, you couldn’t help, but respected her. 
There was something inside their luna that had changed, as if the switch was turned off and now she embraced her role as the luna really well, not only by name, but she carried the same authority just like the alpha. 
Meanwhile, the knights wanted to protest too, but Abby shut them down and persisted with her decision, leaving them no room to retort, since they had to oblige to her order. 
"What do you want to say?" Iris asked Abby, once they were alone. 
Abby stared at Iris for a while, she clenched her jaw. It was hard for her to say it, because it felt like a final statement that she had to acknowledge Iris’s power. 
"How... How can you have divine power?" Abby asked. In other word, she acknowledged Iris’s power as the power that only belonged to a Serafim. "Who are you?" 
"I am going to tell you, only after you told me about the five swords," Iris said calmly and she could see how Abby’s face turned ashen. 
"You know about the five swords?" Abby asked through her gritted teeth. Not many people knew about this. "How do you know that?" 
"You can answer my question first." Iris was unfazed. 
Meanwhile, out there, Koda reported to Cane there were a flock of crows coming, a murder.
###Chapter 743: THE CIRCLE OF THE SERAFIM
Chapter 743: THE CIRCLE OF THE SERAFIM
"Are you serious right now? You are leaving her alone with that woman?" Lou furrowed his brows, he glared at Cane because he agreed to leave Iris alone with the Serafim and in Lou’s eyes, Abby was nothing, but a ’woman’. He didn’t put any effort to respect the Serafim at all when he was out of an earshot from the Holy Kingdom people. 
Lou talked in low voice, but as a shifter, Cane could hear him well, though it couldn’t be said the same to the other knights, as they looked at Lou intensely, wondering what that merchant turned out to be a magic user, was complaining. 
"How can you be sure about that?" Lou looked very displeased, as if that was his mate, who was inside the room and was in danger. 
"Because she is powerful." 
That short answer was enough to make Lou shut up, as he remembered how Iris had summoned the Sylph. He elbowed Cane to get the alpha attention, as he spoke again. "Tell me all the detail about her." 
Hearing that Cane only threw him a disgusting look and said nothing. 
On the other hand, Nala kept glancing toward Cane, she felt a little bit awkward because Lou, Kian and the man she had crush on were gathered in the same place, she felt a little bit sheepish and timid and Kian could see the way Nala tried to steal a glance at his alpha, while Lou didn’t seem to care what his woman was doing. 
Right at that time, when they were waiting for the final result of the conversation between the luna and the Serafim, Koda came in hurry, his face was ashen, as he reported something to Cane. 
"There is something wrong! There is a flock of crows! They are coming to our way here! The watcher told us about it!" Koda spoke hastily. 
"What are you afraid of with a flock of crows?" Ethan chimed in. He was standing next to Cane, while Cedric and the other four knights came to approach Koda. They could sense something was wrong. 
"What happened here?" Liam asked. 
"A flock of crows," Lou told him indifferently. 
Koda fumed. "I am not talking about a few dozen crows! I am talking about a hundred thousand crows!" he snapped. "Come here and see it yourself! They are coming!" 
Koda shifted into his beast and Cane followed, while Lou chose to stay, the beta and the gamma went with them, so did Cedric and the other four knights chose to stay behind, since the Serafim was still talking with Iris. 
"Why don’t you go?" Lou asked, Zephyr and the other. "Shouldn’t you go with your alpha? Don’t worry, I will keep her safe." 
However, Zephyr didn’t bother to answer that and the other warriors pretended they didn’t listen to Lou’s complain. 
Nala approached Lou and stood by his side, she could feel Kian’s eyes burned her cheek. "Do you want me to go to see what is going on?" she wanted to leave, but felt a little bit awkward. 
"Yes, yes, go, go." Lou waved his hand, telling Nala to leave him. He didn’t really care about the crows right now. 
And with that, Nala shifted into her beast and left to chase after the alpha. She ignored the way Kian stared at her. 
"You don’t have a thing with her, right?" Otis elbowed Kian lightly, because he kept staring at the merchant’s woman. He furrowed his brows because he could sense something was going on between them two. 
Yet, Kian simply shook his head and shifted his attention on something else. 
Meanwhile, inside the room, Iris was staring at Serafim. She refused to say anything about how she got divine power, until her curiosity was satisfied. 
"We are not going anywhere if you are being adamant not to say anything like this," Iris said. "She sat down again, but even when she did that, she still carried this authority with her, like a queen, who was staring at her subject. "I feel restless to be away from my baby, so maybe I will change my mind and couldn’t care less about your explanation at all." 
Abby clenched her fists under her sleeves, as she stared at Iris. She was conflicted. This was the rule in the Holy Kingdom that she couldn’t disclose any secret about them, especially to outsider, more so to these shifters, as their people, naturally looked down on them. 
"Can you give me back my lizard?" Iris asked after a long silent that stretched between them. 
"It’s a salamander and the creature belong to a Serafim. You know well that Salamander, Sylph and the other two mythical creatures belong to the Serafim." Abby sat down as well, but the coldness inside the room was the same like the winter out there. 
"And yet, the two of them came upon my call," Iris stated in a matter of fact tone, which made Abby’s face turned even more dour. 
Iris was right, the two creatures came upon her call. "How can you do that?" 
This time, Iris didn’t say anything, she leaned her back, resting against the backrest of her chair. The Serafim kept asking the same thing when she knew she wouldn’t get any answer before she agreed to Iris’s term. 
Therefore, Iris didn’t waste her energy to entertain her long-winded question. 
Abby took some time to think about it. She lowered her head and was deep in thought when she finally answered her question. 
"The five swords are the swords that contain the first Serafim’s power. The swords can purify the next Serafim from any bad influence and increased their power. In the history, there is no Serafim as powerful as Serafim Na, the first Serafim. It’s only her, who can purify herself, while the Serafim after her need to visit the Great Shrine every now and then to keep their divine power pure." 
More or less, what Abby told Iris about the five swords were the same thing that Haco had already told her. 
Even by telling Iris this piece, she would get herself into a trouble, once the people in the Holy Kingdom learned about this. 
"What if..." Iris chose her words carefully. "What if the words are destroyed?" 
"The words can’t be destroyed." Abby frowned. What Iris wanted to say? "Just like I have told you before, the swords are connected to the Serafim, since it contains the first Serafim’s divine power, even the location is hard to reach and a top secret." Abby narrowed her eyes. "How do you know about these swords. Did the senile sorcerer from the Holy Kingdom told you about it?" 
The person that Abby meant was Haco. She had learned about his origin, but there was no point to hold him accountable when he even barely recognized himself. 
"What if the swords are destroyed?" Iris insisted on this. 
Abby stared at Iris for a while and blurted out what she was thinking. "The purpose of the swords are for the Serafim to purify themselves from bad influence, if those swords are destroyed... The circle of the Serafim will stop. There is no more Serafim." 
"What about Decratic?"
###Chapter 744: DIVINE POWER
Chapter 744: DIVINE POWER
"If Decratic and the Serafim is the same entity, don’t you think it will kill him too if there is no more Serafim?" Iris asked this important question. 
Abby didn’t want to explain this, because it would give her a lot of trouble, but they had reached this point. "The existence of Decratic and Serafim tangled together, for as long as there will be a new Serafim that is born, Decratic will never disappear as well. There will always be a chance to revive him and not like what people thought, Decratic’s worshipers are still exist. They have been hiding themselves well for the past centuries, waiting for their master to be revived again. 
Therefore, before Decratic could gather all of his worshiper, we need to end him. However, it’s not as easy as killing the Serafim and then Decratic will die as well." Abby shook her head. "Serafim’s divine power is given to human, who has lifetime, that’s why there are a lot of Serafim the moment the previous one could no longer hold the responsibility. The power can come through bloodline, or... completely to random people. Meanwhile for Decratic, he is an ancient creature, he is only one entity. 
All the people in the Holy Kingdom knew, as long as the circle of the Serafim continued, there will come a day where the Serafim will face Decratic in their lifetime and who would have thought, it happened in my lifetime." Abby let out a derisive laugh, it sounded very cold. "But, destroying Decratic is not as easy as I killed myself. Killing myself will not stop the circle and the Decratic will still live. In another word, only by completely destroying Decratic, the Serafim’s circle will stop, yet if Decratic killed me, another Serafim will take the task." 
Iris listened to Abby’s explanation. "But, that doesn’t answer my question about the five swords, what if the five swords are destroyed." 
"There is no real discussion about that, because the swords contain with the first Serafim’s divine power and the next Serafim’s power came from the swords, so if the swords were destroyed, it means the divine power is no longer exist too." 
"There will be no more Serafim?" Iris concluded. 
Abby didn’t immediately agree with that, she thought about it for a while before she spoke. "I think I phrased my words wrongly. What I mean is; what kind of Serafim without their divine power? A werewolf, a beast without their fangs and claws will only a harmless creature. They are still called as a shifter, but without their power, will you fear them when they bled the same and was not immune to death? The same thing happened with the Serafim, who lost their divine power." 
What Abby wanted to say was; Serafim was only a title, but the true power lied in their divine power. 
"Serafim without divine power will not be a problem for Decratic," Iris muttered to herself. 
"Exactly." Abby nodded. "Only Serafim’s power can destroy Decratic." 
Iris lifted her head and then looked at Abby straight into her eyes. It was the right call for Abby to ask a private conversation between the two of them, because in this way, they wouldn’t feel any pressure from the people around them and could talk more freely. 
"How?" Iris asked. "How divine power can destroy Decratic?" 
This time, Abby was the one, who tried to make a negotiation. "I have told you that much, but you have not yet told me about how do you know about the five swords. Is it from that sorcerer?" 
Iris thought about it for a while. She wanted to say ’yes’, since it was not a lie either, but it wouldn’t bring them anywhere. 
"I saw those swords in my dream. They are in an empty hall." Iris proceeded to tell Abby about the detail of the place where she saw the swords, while Abby listening. 
"I have never been there because the map to reach the Great Shrine has been stolen for more than five decades by now, but from what you described, I am sure that’s how the Great Shrine looks like." The previous Serafim told her about this, though she had been there only twice in her lifetime before the map disappeared. 
And that brought Abby to this main question that she had been dreading to know. 
"How can you dream about the five swords and how can you... have a divine power? That power only belongs to the Serafim. No one in this realm has the same power like the Serafim." 
After some contemplation, Iris told her. "Because I have the first Serafim’s life essence." Iris had been living in a nightmare and from what she saw it, Abby didn’t have a good life in the Holy Kingdom too. 
Someone who had suffered, would be able to recognize the suffering in someone else’s eyes. At the very least, Iris could see it in Abby’s eyes. 
She was well aware about the rumor that said she was the weakest Serafim in the history. Iris lived her life thinking she was the weakest in the pack too and that was not the life she wished upon anyone. The feeling of being unable to do anything right and hopeless was terrifying. 
"How... there is no way that could happen..." Abby had a slow reaction when she heard Iris’s confession.
"That’s something I want to know too." Iris then recalled something else. "Do you know a man named Rei? Who is he?" 
Once again, Abby’s face changed when she heard that name, she was mortified, which Iris noticed almost immediately. 
"Who is he?" Iris leaned her body forward, she wanted to know more about this man named Rei. 
"You shouldn’t have mentioned anything about him," Abby said in low voice, she glanced at the closed door, as if dreading someone might overhear this conversation. "Don’t even bring that name in the presence of my knights." 
Iris furrowed her brows. Abby was not this scared when they were talking about the swords, but she feared this man named Rei? 
"Tell me then, who is he?" Iris then added more, because she could see how Abby would be adamant not to talk about this topic. "I saw him and I injured him the last time we met." 
Abby covered her mouth, as she gasped in shock. 
============================== 
Koda and Cane shifted back into their human form and went to the watch tower to see the darkness from afar. One might think they would be plagued by another dark sky in this winter, but that was not the case here. 
"It’s a flock of crows," Koda said. He could feel his skin crawled by the sight. "I have asked people the other pack about it, but the letter from alpha Colter was the last letter we received." 
The letter from alpha Colter in the Aggeverya Road informed them about this flock of crows. 
"There is no respond from the other pack." Koda gritted his teeth. 
"I don’t think there will be another letter," Cane said grimly. "There is a high chance the hawk will not reach our pack." 
Hawk was a strong bird, but it wouldn’t survive against hundreds of thousand crows.
###Chapter 745: IRIS KNEW HER SUFFERING
Chapter 745: IRIS KNEW HER SUFFERING
Their method to exchange information was by the hawk, but with so many crows in the sky, there was no way the hawk could survive the journey. They also didn’t know what kind of crows were this and what kind of calamity this flock would bring upon them. 
"We will not hear from them," Cane said grimly. His expression turned very dark, when he calculated when this flock would arrive in their pack. He wondered what happened to the other pack and what kind of destruction that had happened to the other packs because of these crows. 
Yet, once again, there was no way to know about it. 
Iris was right, they needed to be prepared, they were coming. 
"Announce for evacuation!" Cane gave an order to Ethan and more to the other warriors around them. They needed to move quickly. "Check our storage food and gather everyone in the pack house!" 
The pack house had a spacious space to shelter the whole pack member, but of course, it would be a challenge since there were knights from the Holy Kingdom and the additional children that came with them from the black market, also some of the Golden Light pack member. 
To put it simple, they were overcrowded. 
From the look of it, those crows would reach this pack within an hour or two. 
After firing orders to his warriors, Cane shifted into his beast, his main concern was Iris and their baby. He needed to ensure their safety first and learned what kind of information Iris could gather from Abby. 
============================== 
"I can’t tell you about him," Abby said, she clamped her mouth, determined not to say a single thing about Rei, but her curiosity got the best of her, as she started questioning Iris. "How do you know him? What he had done? What he told you?" 
Iris leaned back against her backrest and smiled at Abby without saying anything, but it was enough for the Serafim to know she wouldn’t get any answer from her. 
With that, Abby changed her question. She was the same like Iris. Both of them desperate to get the answer, since the other person held so many secrets and information they needed to know, but Abby was very restricted to reveal anything to an outsider. 
Yet, Iris knew so many things and reveal shocking information that needed to be questioned. 
"When do you get the divine power? You are a runt. From what I know, you held no power until recently. What changed?" Abby tried to engage Iris in this topic again, but the luna was quick to bring the conversation back to the main point. 
"How to destroy Decratic?" Iris repeated her question. She looked at Abby in the eyes and could see how the question made her restless and agitated her at the same time. 
In Abby’s mind, it was her duty as the Serafim to destroy Decratic. She also couldn’t wrap her mind in the concept there was another Serafim aside from her. 
There should only be one Serafim. 
"Abby," Iris called her name solemnly. "You can take all the credit from this. I only want that creature to be gone, after that you can return to your continent and prove them wrong. The rumor about you is wrong. No one need to know I have the first Serafim’s life essence and we can part way after everything ended." 
Iris learned how to choose her words carefully by seeing how her mate handled the people around her. 
Months ago, Cane had taught her how to ignite someone’s interest. Everyone had their own desire and only by observing what it could be, you could turn the table to your advantage. 
And Iris had learned Abby enough to know the rumor out there about her to be the weakest link, had hurt her. Abby suffered from that and Iris recognized it, since she had been on her shoes for a long time too. 
She knew how it felt to desire power and prove herself that she was useful. How she was very desperate to get validation from people around her. From Cane... 
Iris remembered how Redmond reprimanded her about how she would bend over to satisfy Cane, to get acknowledgment from him. There wouldn’t be a ’no’ from her if it was Cane’s request. She suffered because of the member of the Howling Wolf pack too, because she wanted them to accept her... 
Acknowledgment and acceptance were such scary desire... 
That was how desperate Iris was. 
Therefore, she knew what Abby was feeling right now, more or less... 
"Don’t think too far. There is no evidence for you to have the first Serafim’s life essence. There must be some explanation why the Sylph appeared and about your divine power." Abby balled her fists. She wanted to take Iris for her offer, but she felt so low to claim such thing. More so, it would mean she admitted that Iris’s divine power was even stronger than her! She couldn’t accept that! 
Iris shook her head. She didn’t want to sing the same tune like Abby and entertain her denial. "I don’t need to prove anything to you, Abby. You know that deep down, you must have known that my divine power is stronger than you." Iris’s voice sounded calm, her tone didn’t even change when she laid out the truth. "You can keep denying this, but then let me ask you this question; do you really think with your own power, you can take down Decratic?" 
Cane had a plan for this kingdom, he wanted to build a new rule in this continent, Iris knew about that since the very beginning, but his plan all ruined because of this unexpected event with Decratic. 
This creature was the variable they didn’t expect, the unforeseen circumstances and they needed to deal with it first before Cane could resume what he had worked on.
Iris couldn’t care less about Lu, Na and Decratic’s past. Their story was not for her and Cane to live on. 
"You don’t need to discuss this matter with anyone else. No one need to know about this fact, because destroying Decratic is what matter right now, after that, no one will care about the detail. That’s the main goal of the Holy Kingdom, right? Getting rid of the evil’s existence like Decratic and his worshippers." 
Of course, Iris learned about all this from Haco. 
However, before she could get the answer she wanted, Liam had barged into the room and approached Abby, behind the knights, Zephyr came to Iris. 
"What happened?" Abby asked, she was startled by the look on Liam’s face. 
"We need to gather in the main hall," Liam replied curtly. "They are closing down the pack house." 
Hearing that, Iris looked at Zephyr, asking for confirmation but the warrior only told her that he would explain on the way to the main hall. 
"No, I need to get my baby!" Iris’s voice was stern. 
"Don’t worry, luna. Rora is with Grace and Hanna, they must be already in the main hall right now." Zephyr reassured her that the baby was alright. "The alpha has sent warriors to ensure her safety. We need to go there too."
###Chapter 746: THE LOCKDOWN (2)
Chapter 746: THE LOCKDOWN (2)
Nala returned and immediately informed Lou of what happened, at the same time a warrior informed Zephyr about it too. 
"We need to go to the main hall!" Nala looked panic because she saw it with her own eyes how the sky had turned dark with the countless crows. They didn’t know what those crows could do, but whatever it was, it wouldn’t be something good. 
"You go," Lou said nonchalantly, as he watched Zephyr and the other warriors escorted Iris out of the room. The merchant followed them, while Nala couldn’t help, but felt this grievance in her heart because even at time like this Lou’s priority was still Iris! 
Why he cared so much about her?! She couldn’t understand! 
Meanwhile, Iris and Abby, escorted by their respective warriors and knights went out of the room, where they could see what actually was going on in the distance. They were on the third floor, thus they could see rather clearly of how the west sky was a little bit darker and this darkness was actually moving, coming closer to them. 
"What is that?" Abby asked to no one in particularly, they stopped to watch this through the glass, standing at the corridor, while commotion could be heard from the floors below. 
"Cursed creature," Iris said. This was what she felt. Their number was magnanimous for her to be able to sense them even though they were still so far away. 
The sky was bleak, the light from the sun was so weak in this winter, the wind was still chill, but Iris was grateful this coldness didn’t really bother her anymore. The only profound emotion that she currently felt was; exhaustion. 
Abby glanced at Iris, she balled her fists to control her anger. How Iris was able to tell that when she couldn’t? 
Iris was really tired to face Abby’s enmity, thus she touched her shoulder and pointed her finger at the people, who were in rush to enter the pack house in order to get a shelter from the upcoming danger. 
"Look." Iris made Abby followed her finger and watched the people. The children, the elderly, the warriors and knights, who were going to protect them, even though they knew they would lose their lives in the process. "Those people will be dead if you kept up with your stubbornness and their blood will be on your hands." Her tone was light and Iris talked as if she wanted to tell Abby what kind of dinner she wanted for tonight. 
If Ethan were there, he would be able to tell from whom Iris quoted the threat. 
"Don’t you dare to talk like that to the Serafim!" Liam snarled at Iris, but Zephyr growled at him. 
"If you don’t want her to tell you what to do, maybe you can start by doing what you need to do without being told!" Lou snapped back at Liam. He moved forward and shield Iris behind his back, as he met Liam’s angry glare. He glanced at the crest on his sword and was bewildered because his birthmark, indeed had the same shape like that. 
Lou had asked Sabian to draw it and that was the first time he learned the shape of his birthmark, since he couldn’t care less about such trivial thing. 
Now he wondered, how it could be? 
"Enough!" Abby said through her gritted teeth when Liam was about to growl back at Lou. "We need to go now!" 
Abby didn’t give the answer for Iris’s question when she asked about how to destroy Decratic, but she prevented a fight between her knights and the merchant. She left first. Her expression was ashen, she had a lot of things to be considered. 
======================== 
"Take care of them, okay?" Joel said to Zale, as he gathered them in one spot inside the main hall. "They are your responsibility now." 
Zale furrowed his brows. He looked at Ezra, who was still hugging Lil Thing, Celia, who was curling her body against Haco and then Joyce and Leena. 
"No, there are a lot of them, I only wanted to protect the luna!" Zale complained. How could a half trained, young boy like him could protect five people and one unconscious beast? 
Joel had gotten used with Zale’s rebel. "You are helping the luna too by protecting them, you know very well how the luna cherishes her people. She will be sad if something happened to them." 
Zale was not happy, but he stopped complaining, with that Joel left them, he shifted into his beast and joined the other warriors to protect their people. 
Meanwhile, people poured into the main hall, they looked terrified, the children from the orphanage huddled together in one spot, Will, Hanna and Aliana looked after them, making sure no one left behind, since they knew the children better than anyone else. 
On the other side, Grace was trying to explain to a a warrior to get her medicine, but the warrior was having a hard time to know what kind of medicine she wanted, since he was not familiar with it. 
"Give me the baby, I will look after her, you go with the warrior and get the medicine." Kaz stretched out his arms, Maria was by his side, as she stared at the baby expectantly. This was the first time for them to see the baby because they were not allowed to come closer to the pack house after the funeral. 
Grace looked hesitated, she looked around and Hanna and Aliana were busy, but she needed the medicine for Rora too, so it was very important. 
"What are you thinking of? Give me the baby and do what you need to do, the medicine must be very important, right?" Kaz persisted. 
"Grace, you will not think that we will harm the baby, right?" Maria chimed in, she sounded pitiful. "You know how much we love alpha Cane and wish him nothing, but all the happiness in the world, do you really think we will harm his daughter?" 
Once again Grace looked around and reluctantly, she handed the sleeping Rora to Kaz. "Only until I return you need to make sure not to do anything stupid." 
Kaz and Maria looked hurt. "We will rather lose our life than to harm her. How cruel you thought we are if you assumed we are going to harm the baby?" Maria said sadly. 
In a way, it indeed made sense, because they were the one, who were very excited with the alpha’s offspring. 
"Stay there and don’t go anywhere!" Grace said before she left with the warrior, leaving baby Rora with Maria and Kaz. 
Once Grace had left and no one were busy with their own task, and no one paid close attention to them, Maria crept closer to Kaz and spoke in low voice. 
"Do you think she has the golden eyes?" Maria asked, she stared at the sleeping baby. "We need to make sure the alpha is not being fooled again." 
"Yes, I think it will be fine." Kaz looked hesitated, but in the end, he opened the baby’s eyelids carefully to see whether her eyes were golden or not, which made Rora cried because she felt uncomfortable.
###Chapter 747: THE LOCKDOWN (3)
Chapter 747: THE LOCKDOWN (3)
Kaz and Maria were thrill to see the baby actually had golden eyes, the only fact that could assure them that the alpha was not being fooled anymore and the baby was actually his! 
"She has golden eyes!" Maria exclaimed happily, while Kaz was trying to calm the baby, but a big smile plastered on his lips. He was very excited to learn about this too. 
"Yes, yes! She has golden eyes! She is the alpha daughter!" Kaz and Maria were in their own world, as they were mesmerized by the baby. 
The only thing that bothered them was the fact the baby was a girl and she looked so weak. It seemed they had noticed, the baby took after in this matter, but they hoped the baby was easily sick because she was born ahead of time and when she grew up, she would be a healthy and strong baby. 
Only a handful of people, who knew the baby was not a shifter and if Maria and Kaz learned about that, it would add to their disappointment... 
"What are you doing?!" Hanna snapped at Kaz, she heard the baby was crying and when she looked around, the sound came from the baby in Kaz’s arms and she recognized Rora’s swaddle. Her missy loved white color, so most of Rora’s clothes and swaddle was in white color, more so the fabric was different. In one look, you could see it was very soft and was very expensive, since the alpha only wanted the best for his daughter. 
Hanna marched toward Kaz and Maria angrily, she didn’t know how Rora could end up in their arms, but she wouldn’t let them to touch the baby! She was still upset with the way they treated her missy and how dense they were for their wrongdoings, thinking they were in the right and everything was only misunderstanding. 
However, before Hanna could reach Kaz and Maria to get baby Rora, someone had walked past her. It was a flash of black cloak, but in the next second, a shrill scream added to the baby’s cries and the commotion in the main hall. 
Everything happened too fast, people didn’t have time to react to that when they learned what actually was going on. 
It was the alpha! 
Cane snatched his baby from Kaz’s arms and at the same time dislocated his shoulder, so bad Kaz’s bone jutted out from his shoulder and now the old man was wailing on the floor because of the agony, the pain was too much for an old man like him to bear. 
And yet the alpha only stared at him coldly before he shifted his attention at his crying daughter. Tears streamed down from Rora’s eyes, as her small face turned very red. 
He checked on his baby, whether she was injured or something happened to her, but thankfully, she was fine, aside from a tiny cut on her eyelid. Kaz must have hurt her accidentally when he tried to open Rora’s eyes to see whether or not she had the golden eyes. 
And Cane knew immediately what the cause of his baby to cry like this. He fought the urge to kill Kaz for what he had done, but then he decided to move away to calm down his daughter. He would dirty his hand if he had to kill Kaz right now and he didn’t want to hold his baby with hands that smeared with blood. 
He forced himself to walk away. These people only upset him and Rora could sense it. 
The alpha cradled his baby protectively, his expression was as cold as the frozen lake, even Hanna stopped in her track and didn’t dare to offer her help to calm Rora. She lowered her head fearfully when the alpha walked past her and silent stretched inside the room. 
People were confused of what actually was going on, but they didn’t dare to make a peep. 
Grace, who just returned from taking the medicine was stunned to see the alpha and baby Rora in his arms, especially when she could sense something was going wrong. 
"Al- alpha..." Grace stuttered, she stared at the floor, didn’t dare to lift her head and look at the alpha, while the warrior, who came with her was trembling in fear too when the alpha’s sharp gaze fell on him. 
"I told you to stay with my daughter." His voice was icy and this sent shiver down their spines. 
"A- apologize, alpha... I need to get the medicine for Rora..." Grace explained herself, she glanced at Kaz and Maria and shocked to discover Kaz’s shoulder was dislocated and a warrior was helping him to correct his bone. The pain must be very unbearable. Did the alpha do that? 
Right at the same time, Iris came with her warriors and Ethan. Cane sent the gamma instead to check on Iris, since his mate was well protected with her warriors and he himself personally checked on their baby only to find this. 
"What happened? Why she cries like that?!" Iris asked, panic in her voice when she approached Cane to check on Rora. "Why she is crying, Cane?" 
The cut was very small and now the baby’s face had turned very red, so Iris couldn’t see it. 
"Go inside, there is small room in the main hall." Cane handed baby Rora to Iris and his mate didn’t pursue the matter, thinking her baby was only hungry. 
Iris then went inside the room with Grace, who finally could breathe again after the alpha was out of their sight. Hanna followed them into the room, as Aliana took care of something else after they made sure there was no child was left behind. 
Tatiana and Amara were in charge for the orphan children. The two of them didn’t have malicious intention, they were only caught up in the middle of this messed up situation and actually were really good with children, as they took care of their little brother too. Or so they thought... 
The warriors moved their food supply into the pack house too and the whole process took less than two hours, thanked to their good coordination and now, they had locked themselves inside the pack house and watched the crows came their way. 
The flock of crows covered the sky, it felt like their dark days when they couldn’t see the sunlight had returned, but this time, it was way more eerie, as the crows let out frightening sound. 
All of the warriors and knights stared from behind the glass when one of the crows tried to break by hitting itself against the glass, leaving trail of blood on the surface. 
"What do you think will happen?" Aliana asked, as she stared at the second crow that tried to suicide in the same way too. 
Ethan was standing next to her, he stared at the same thing. "I don’t know." He stretched out his hand and held her hand, this time, Aliana didn’t avoid him and intertwined their fingers together. 
Carla just finished with her task and was about to look for the gamma, but she immediately backed away when she saw this sight. She bit her lip and entered the main hall again, busied herself. At the very least, she knew Ethan was already inside the pack house and was fine, since she was worried about him. 
Miles away from the Howling Wolf pack, there was someone, who was worried about her man too, but unfortunately for her, she didn’t know whether he was fine or not, or what actually happened to him. 
Sofia held her baby. Rye was sleeping quietly in her arms, while the other baby was laying on her laps. She was sitting inside a house in the Riverside pack, at the deep corner, while Trion was staring at the crows out there through the gap of the window. 
Sofia couldn’t go to Howling Wolf pack when the rest of them returned to the pack, because the pack member would stone her for lying about her baby. Therefore, she stayed in the Riverside pack and had Trion to look after her. 
"How... is it?" Sofia asked, she was scared, at time like this she wanted Redmond to be here. That man would start talking nonsense and curse, but actually that sound was better than how Trion was being very quiet and this got on her nerves. 
"I hope we will have enough food until we got further instruction," Trion said grimly, he watched how the crows attacked a woman, who unfortunately couldn’t reach her house in time. The crows poked her head with their beak until she died. It happened very fast and that woman was not the only victim. 
Right now, there were so many people died on the street, women, men, children and some of them tried to shift into their beast, but to no avail to fight these countless crows. The snow died red. 
"What is going on here?" Sofia sobbed silently, as she hugged her baby, while staring at the other baby on her lap. 
The same question plagued a lot of people in the southern area, they were hiding inside their house and was dreaded by the horror these crows brought. 
Meanwhile, Abby finally made up her mind, she came to a small room inside the main hall, where she knew, she could find Iris. 
"The luna is trying to comfort her baby, you can come again later," Hanna said when she opened the door and found the Serafim. 
However, from inside, Iris had heard that. "It’s okay, let her in, Hanna."
###Chapter 748: THE LOCKDOWN (4)
Chapter 748: THE LOCKDOWN (4)
Iris was sitting on a chair comfortably, while holding Rora. Della just breastfed the baby and they gathered here, though the room was small, but it was comfortable enough for six to seven people. 
When Iris heard Abby came looking for her, she understood the Serafim finally made up her mind and she didn’t want to waste their time. 
Hanna was reluctant to let her in at first, but then what else she could do when her missy agreed to let the Serafim come into the room. 
"Can you leave us alone, please?" Iris said, but she shook her head when Grace wanted to take baby Rora with her before they left. "No, I want to be with her." Holding her baby made her calm and she liked her smell, this little one gave her strength and comforting in a way she couldn’t describe. 
All of them left the room and Della closed the door behind her, while Abby stood close to the door, staring at Iris and the baby. 
Inside this room, there were only a single bed with two pair of sofas, one cabinet at the corner and a round table. There was no window, so you wouldn’t know what happened outside of the pack house, but the commotion from the main hall still could be heard. 
"Alpha Cane was being cruel to his man," Abby said, she used this topic as an icebreaker before they addressed the elephant in the room. 
The Serafim walked toward the sofa and sat down, while Iris was sitting on the bed, staring at her baby. Her nose turned so red because she was crying so hard. Rora made a fuss when Della tried to breastfeed her. 
"People are talking about how he hurt an old man named Kaz. They said he is the steward in this pack house," Abby said. "Why he did that?" 
Iris’s face turned cold, she stared at her baby and remembered how Rora was crying so hard in Cane’s arms. 
"I don’t know," Iris replied truthfully, but then she added. "But I am sure, he has done the right thing." 
Abby furrowed her brows. "I have never heard violence is the right thing to do." 
Iris raised her head. Andelus continent and Ogregon continent were very different. They must be raised differently and in different environment, thus there would be no end if she started talking about ’violence’ with Abby. 
"Sometime, violence is needed. You are not going to plan for having a civil conversation with Decratic to persuade him to stop his terror, right?" Iris tactfully brought the main topic, so they could focus on the urgent matter at hand. 
Abby was slightly taken aback by how cold and composed Iris was. 
"So, what is your plan? How to destroy him?" 
Iris had changed so much, the way she talked and how she saw their current situation was not the same. She looked like she could watch someone was being tortured or piles of dead bodies without blinking her eyes at all. 
Her heart was stoic and her view was resolute, she had her baby to think about. Losing Crystal changed how she saw everything. Or maybe, it was right to say this past year had been a gut wrenching experience for Iris, where she had to shed her moral and go through a lot of things that hurt her, but losing her baby was the peak of everything she had to endure. 
Right now, she couldn’t care less about the Serafim or anyone else, who wanted to hurt her, or cause harm on the people she loved, she didn’t care about her fear, because her greatest fear right now was losing her baby and her mate. 
She could endure everything else... 
"Promised me one thing," Abby said after a brief silent. She had thought about it carefully, though she was ashamed to voice out her request, but there was no other way to deal with this. "I don’t want anyone to know that you have the first Serafim’s life essence, neither they could learn and know about your divine power." 
"You can claim all the glory if we can destroy Decratic." Iris didn’t care about that. For her to be known for having the first Serafim’s life essence wouldn’t do any good for Cane. That information could ruin his mate’s plan for this continent. She didn’t want anyone to know about that anyway. "Now, tell me how." 
Rora was making a sound, as she stuffed all of her fingers into her mouth and Iris pulled her little hand away, but the baby was laughing instead. Her voice brought smile to her lips, even in this kind of situation, her baby managed to make her heart filled with warm. 
"There is only one way to kill Decratic based on what I have learned in the Holy Kingdom." As a Serafim, it was mandatory for her to know about this, but this crucial information couldn’t be shared with anyone else, even her knights were not aware of the detail of it. 
"What is it?" Iris let her baby to play with her curls, as she shifted her attention toward Abby. 
Roar still had her golden eyes, her feature looked like Iris, but she had her father’s black hair and his pointed nose. However, you couldn’t say this for sure, since baby’s face would change by time, that was what Grace and Aliana told her. 
Yet, as long as her baby was healthy, happy and safe, Iris and Cane couldn’t care less about who she took after. They only wanted the best for her and now they were trying to give a safe world for her. 
Their babies were a blessing, despite the crossfire that was happening. 
"Based on the scriptures I read and what the previous Serafim told me; Serafim needed to put her divine power into the sword and stabbed the real Decratic," Abby said. 
Iris frowned. "What sword? Any sword? Or..." Her first thought was the five swords in her dream, the swords that already contained the first Serafim’s divine power. 
Abby thought the same. "I am not sure what kind of sword, but my assumption is the sword in the Great Hall." 
"All the five swords? Or only just one?" Iris kept asking, while Rora pulled her hair to get her attention. She was only a few days old, but maybe because of the alpha’s blood in her veins, she looked more responsive than baby around her age. 
Hearing the question, Abby was a little bit flustered. "I am not sure how many swords, in the scripture I read and from what the previous Serafim explained to me, it didn’t mention anything about how many the sword." 
"The scripture is written in Andel language, maybe there is another way to interpret it." 
"No, people in the Holy Kingdom have been trying to find different meaning on it, but they came with the same result," Abby replied. 
the more she learned about this, the more she realized there were a lot of things that had transpired and rules that had made after the first Serafim. The Holy Kingdom during Na’s lifetime was not the same like how Abby described it to her right now. 
Iris tried to search in her memory where Na mentioned about the sword, but she couldn’t remember anything and her head was hurt to keep trying. That was not her memory after all and as time went by, and a lot of things happened, the event when she lived in Na’s memory gradually faded. 
"And what do you mean with the real Decratic?" Iris asked next. 
"From what I learned, the Decratic will be resurrected, but the figure that he showed to you might not be his real self." Abby frowned, as if she was trying to remember her lesson from long time ago. "His worshipers are mind controller, so there is a chance they fool you into thinking of something that is actually not real." 
Iris remembered long time ago, Cane had been deceived when he was in the palace. A witch pretended to be her, but thankfully, the alpha was smart enough to immediately know that woman was not Iris. Probably, that was what Abby wanted to tell her. 
The real Decratic... 
Iris was sure, the witch at that time was someone from lady Cyan’s side, people who worshipped Decratic. If his worshippers could pull such trick, one could only imagine what kind of deception Decratic could create. 
"So, it must be divine power..." Iris contemplated about this for a while. "We need to stab Decratic with the sword that contain with the divine power." 
The only logical thing to do was to get the swords from the Great Shrine that contained the first Serafim’s divine power, but the map had gone missing for decades by now. 
"The last information that we got, the map was in the Black Market," Abby revealed this information. "But, the Black Market had been destroyed now," she said grimly. 
Even if they could get the map, they couldn’t go out of this continent because the sea was still frozen and it would take another months for them to be able to retrieve it and finish off Decratic. 
"There is someone else, who knew about the Black Market," Iris muttered to herself. Lou might know something about this. 
However, during their discussion, they could hear the sound of broken glass and Iris’s heart lurched when she realized what was going on out there. 
That sound followed by shrill screams and loud caws. 
The crows managed to enter the pack house!
###Chapter 749: A MURDER ATTACK
Chapter 749: A MURDER ATTACK
First, the crows attacked the Red Claw pack, killing numerous people there, while the warriors couldn’t defend their territory against the attack and had to take shelter inside a building, royal warriors that was led by prince Kellan attacked them. 
The royal warriors killed Red Claw pack’s warriors, took pleasure from their women before eventually killed them and brought the children to Decratic. 
"Let that one and that one go," Kellan said to one of the warriors to bring two little girls from the group of children that would be taken back to the capital city. 
There were around seventy children in the group, Decratic wouldn’t mind if he missed two or three of them. 
The royal warrior immediately grabbed two crying girls from the group, they were around eight to ten years old with curly hair and bright brown eyes. They looked terrified. 
At this point, Kellan couldn’t care less about his reputation, as a ’good prince’. He had spent his whole life to live up the image and get nothing, more so, there was no one to be pleased anymore at this point. 
His king father had died and all the shifters and people in this continent were in ruined. People’s opinion was no longer important and Kellan had witnessed it with his own eyes how powerful Decratic was. He knew that man was not Alan and didn’t mind a little bit about it. In a way, he liked his reign... 
The two girls blinked their eyes when they saw Kellan got off his horse and approached them with warm smile. In exchange of his legs, he lost his beast, but he gained the power to lead warriors from the Golden Light pack and in his eyes, it was a fair exchange. 
"What are you crying for?" Kellan asked, he knelt down in front of the two little girls, he caressed their cheeks and wiped their tears. "Are you afraid?" 
They nodded, blinking their eyes, as they looked around them, but all they could see was scary faces and cries from the children. The only person, who was smiling at them and offered comfort was this man before their eyes. 
"Don’t be afraid, I will take care of you, okay?" Kellan kissed their cheeks gently and then picked up the two of them in his arms, as he promised to give them sweets. 
"I want my mother..." The girl, who looked younger than the other said, her voice was shaking because she was being snatched away from her mother and she didn’t know where she was. 
"It’s okay, let’s go find your mother." Kellan kissed her forehead, as he strode toward his carriage. "But, before that, you must be hungry. Let’s eat something, okay? I have something delicious for you two. Do you want it?" 
"I want my mother..." The little girl repeated again, as she sobbed. 
In the distance, Redmond was there, watching everything unfolded and then tipped his head to stare at the sky, which now covered by the black crows, while listening to wailing of children and boisterous laugh of the royal warriors after they took their turned to assault some women in this pack. 
"I hate crows..." Redmond said with a sigh. 
After that, the royal warriors moved from Red Claw pack to Golden Light pack. With the help with the cursed creatures like these crows, it was easy enough for them to take back the two pack in the west. 
Of course, alpha Dax from Golden Light pack was overjoyed to get his territory back and was on fire to march toward the Aggeverya Road to kill all of the people there. 
Unfortunately, when they arrived, the warriors had been evacuated under alpha Colter’s lead, they moved back to Diandem pack and based their remaining power there. Now, they lost the west and alpha Colter was extremely enraged because he lost his pack! His mines! 
He still had his witches force, but he needed to get a word from Cane first before he could make any move. He needed his advice, somehow, he relied on the alpha from the Howling Wolf pack too much and he didn’t even realize it. 
The problem was; they were being isolated and couldn’t even send another message hawk to ask about what the next move. Alpha Colter was stuck and he was furious to see the crows that tried to breakthrough the windows. 
"Call all the witches!" alpha Colter’s face turned very dark. If he didn’t do anything, they would be dead once those cursed crows managed to break in. 
He didn’t want to die! 
While the survival hid from the crows and numerous people died because of it, since these vicious creatures attacked anything they saw, but strangely enough, the crows knew not to attack people that were not their enemy. 
"These crows are a sore in my eyes," Aria scowled, she was sitting inside a carriage with lady Cyan, who tried her hard not to kill the woman before her, since it would upset Dexter. 
Lady Cyan couldn’t understand why her brother was very fond of this stupid woman, who only knew how to spit thrashy words. She had no brain at all. 
"When we will arrive in the Howling Wolf pack? Can’t we move faster?" Aria grumbled, she had spent days inside the carriage and hated every second of it. Lady Cyan was another sight that hurt her eyes. 
Currently, they were heading toward Howling Wolf pack, marched with thousand of warriors. These warriors were joint effort of five packs; Golden Light pack, Winter Moon pack, Moon Dew pack, Royal pack and then... Celestial Moon pack. 
Cezi was against his father’s decision to send their warriors to join the fight against Cane, but his father was not able to refuse the king’s call, since he had pledged his loyalty to the new king. 
"You betrayed your best friend’s son!" Cezi was enraged, he was very disappointed with his father. 
"I already did when I pledged my loyalty to the king," alpha Derick said gloomily to his son. He couldn’t deny that. It hurt his heart and pride, but he needed to think of his daughter that was in the palace and only wished prince Kellan could raise again and make things right. 
============================ 
From the sound out there, Iris knew the crows managed to break into the pack house. A second later, Grace and Hanna came to confirm that. 
"Missy! You need to..." Hanna looked panic, but her voice was cut short when Iris immediately stood up and handed over baby Rora into her arms. "Miss what are you doing?!" She was freaking out, because she seemed to know what her missy was going to do. "No! You can’t go out there! It’s too dangerous! You need to stay! The alpha told you to stay!" 
However, Iris didn’t listen to that, she took Abby’s hand, the Serafim’s face blanched when she heard the shrill scream from outside and vicious growls of the beasts. 
They could think of a plan or tactic to fight a thousand warriors, but a thousand crows was different story. It was simply a massacre on their side if they didn’t do anything about it. 
"Wh- what?" Abby asked, she didn’t realize Iris was talking to her because she was too scared upon hearing the commotion behind the door. 
"Where is my lizard?" Iris asked Abby seriously, while Hanna and Grace tried to persuade her not to go out of the room, but they were ignored. 
"The salamander supposed to be in my room." Abby remembered to leave the little fellow inside her bedroom, as the salamander was sleeping after being overused to send letter to the Holy Kingdom. Abby refused to return the salamander because she felt that creature should belong to the Serafim. 
For the first time, the people in the Holy Kingdom praised her for being able to find the salamander and this made her felt worth it. She didn’t want to give it back to Iris. 
"We will take the Salamander," Iris said curtly. But then, Abby couldn’t say anything when Iris wanted to take it back. "Summon the Sylph, I will sustain it." 
Abby didn’t have time to think, as Iris grabbed her hand and took her out of the room. Grace and Hanna wanted to stop her, but Iris had closed the door and told them to take care of Rora. 
"What are you doing here?! Get inside!" Liam was shocked to see Abby. His face covered with blood, it seemed, he was barely able to get away from the crow attack. 
"You are bleeding!" Abby exclaimed, her heart lurched to see how badly injured Liam was. She was worried about him and this overshadowed her fear at the crows that kept trying to get to them. 
All the warriors beast came to Iris when they saw her and nudged her back to the room. It was very dangerous out here! 
Meanwhile, Iris watched how the crows killed some of the pack member, beak on the children and attacked the beast. 
In the distance, Iris could see Lou was trying to expand his protection, but he must have run out of the magic stone. 
"Abby! The sylph!" Iris reminded her, she yanked her hand so she could focus on the danger before their eyes, instead of worrying about Liam. 
Only then, Abby realized their predicament and distanced herself from Liam, as she called for the Sylph. 
From outside perspective, it would look like the Serafim, who called the mystical creature, but in truth, the power came from Iris. 
"Lou!" Iris called for the merchant.
###Chapter 750: LEGIONS OF WARRIOR
Chapter 750: LEGIONS OF WARRIOR
As a magic user, your power bounded to magic stone, where you couldn’t do anything without it, but as a Serafim, it was different story entirely. Your divine power allowed you to have limitless power, you didn’t need such a thing like magic stone to support your power and the Sylph was a natural protector mythical creature. 
They only had around ten magic users that came from the Holy Kingdom after the last attack of the monster and Nefilim in the Golden Light pack, more so with everything that had been going on, the supply of magic stone dwindled drastically. It was hard to find those stones nowadays, since there were attack after attack and power struggles. 
Magic stone was scarce, even more when they learned the Red Claw pack had fallen into the enemy’s hand. 
"Lou!" Iris called for the merchant, as Abby summoned the Sylph and it worked like magic when all the magic users absorbed the divine power that was catered by the Sylph, so did Lou. 
Ther merchant and the remaining magic users created a transparent dome that managed to ward off the crows, which allowed them to breath. 
Even so, the crows still tried to break the shield by doing the same thing that they had done when they tried to break through the pack house. 
Lou felt this strange sensation again when he absorbed the divine power, he didn’t notice this feeling before when he did it the first time, but now it became apparent for him. 
Meanwhile, Cane shifted back into his human form, as he stared at the dome that protected them and the Sylph. Everyone cheered because the Serafim saved them, but he knew better that it was Iris. 
Cane stared at his mate from the distance, his expression was impassive, as he was deep in thought and right at the same time, feeling his intense gaze, Iris found Cane was staring at her and without a second thought, she rushed toward him and hugged him. 
Iris was worried because she couldn’t find Cane among the people and the feeling of relief washed over her when she finally found him. 
"Cane..." Iris breathed deeply when she hugged her mate and closed her eyes, relishing a sense of comfort that she could only get from him. 
"You have done a great job, Iris." Cane hugged her and kissed her neck. He squeezed her body gently. "I am so proud of you." 
That was right, Cane was very proud of his mate, to be the person she was right now. She didn’t really need his protection anymore and could shoulder this hard journey with him, side by side. 
Iris became someone that he could rely on and it felt less desolate when you were not alone facing the adversity. 
Cane kissed her head, while only a handful people in this main hall, who knew it was actually Iris that could make this happened and protected them, unfortunately, the rest of them thought it was actually the Serafim’s power that played the role and she was protecting them right now. 
Therefore, what Cane’s said was very heartwarming and precious. It was very important to be acknowledged for your effort. 
Iris couldn’t blame Abby to desire this feeling, because she too, wanted it so badly. She wanted to be acknowledged and accepted. The way Iris grew up had messed up her mind and self respect and confidence. 
"Tell me, do you have any plan in mind about how to deal with this?" Cane whispered asking to her ear, his voice was soft and teasing. 
Even in dire situation like this, Cane could find joy in his mate, which made Iris less anxious about what she was going to do, because she knew, she had her mate and whatever might happen, they had each other and of course... their little one. 
"Excuse me, but I am the one, who created the shield," Lou said, as he stood behind Iris. His expression was ashen to watch the two of them were hugging each other, displaying their affection in front of so many people. 
Meanwhile, Grace and Ardand started to help healing some people, who had been injured because of the crows. The protection around them looked strong enough, they could see those crows were still trying to break it, but it was sturdy enough under the assault. 
Hearing that, Iris immediately released herself from Cane, there was a tinge of red on her cheeks, as she glared at Lou. 
"What? At least, you can say; thank you my dear Lou... like that." Lou blinked his eyes innocently upon receiving Iris’s fierce gaze. 
However, instead of saying that, Iris closed her eyes and there were little lights, like small fireflies, or shimmering dust that floated in the air, in which those lights went to the people, who had been injured and helped them recovered quickly. 
Some of the people, who had never seen this, thought it was the Serafim again, who had helped them and healed them, but the children from the Black Market had seen this before, they knew who had created this. 
"Lou, come with me," Iris said, but she took Cane’s hand to go out of the main hall, while waving her hand, indicating Lou to follow them. 
"Why should I go with you too?" Lou protested, but he followed them eventually. "Just promised me not to start making out!" 
Cane turned deaf ears upon hearing Lou’s protest, he stared at his mate, who took the lead, as she explained what was in her mind and he and Lou listened to her solemnly. 
"I need to get the lizard in the Serafim’s room and we can burn the whole crows." Iris was running next to Cane, while Lou was on her other side. The two men looked like they were having a walk, while she was trying her hard to move faster. Her short legs should be blamed for that. 
Cane and Lou formed two pillars by her side, it made Iris looked so tiny between the two men. 
"Great! Then we don’t need to worry about that creature again, right? Those people can go out of the pack house and return to their respective house!" Lou felt suffocating when he had to be among the crowded people. He wanted to kick them all out of here, but of course, he could only entertain the thought. 
"No, there is more will come," Iris said, frowning at Lou. 
"Then you can burn them all too!" Lou complained. 
"It’s not crow..." 
"What now? Is it mermaid now?" Lou was not happy at all. 
Iris ignored his remark and talked to Cane instead. "It feels like... legions of warriors came to our way. They carried traces of dark magic," Iris said. That was what bothered her. These warriors had been affected by dark magic. "You need to prepare the warriors." 
"I will," Cane replied, he then shifted into his black beast and lowered his body. He could see Iris started panting and it would take longer time for them to reach the Serafim’s room if they went with her pace. 
The black beast lowered its body, making it was easier for Iris to climb on top of it. This was not the first time for Iris to do this and she did it very smoothly, it almost felt so natural for her to climb on top of the black beast. 
And once Iris had settled in, the beast dashed toward the third floor. 
"Hey! Can’t you take one more person?!" Lou shouted behind them. "I need a ride too!" 
Sky would collapse if Cane let him do that. In the end, the poor merchant had to climb stairs after stairs to get to the third floor, which was not fun at all! Grumbling all the way there. 
However, Lou could feel the strong power of the Sylph. It almost felt like he had thousand of magic stones, it really increased his power, which allowed him to move around, while sustaining the protection, which now had expanded to the whole pack house. 
"This is incredible..." Lou muttered to himself. 
Meanwhile, inside the main hall, injured people had been healed and the children were still crying because of how shock they were, but Tatiana and Amara, also a few more people did good job to comfort them. 
At this point, the children took almost thirty five percent of the whole pack member, there were a lot of children and you could say the same in the Riverside pack, where the number of the children there doubled the number of the pack member. 
People thanked Abby for her protection and her healing power, but all she could do was trying to smile throughout the whole thing. She didn’t feel good at all, knowing she had deceived them. 
Yet, Iris kept her promise, she let her claimed everything and now she had disappeared. 
Inside the small room, Della was breastfeeding baby Rora, while Hanna held her baby, Adelle. They heard about what happened out there from Amee and was relief that everything had been taken care of. 
But when the two of them were talking, someone entered the room. They thought it was Amee, who joined them after comforting the orphan children, but as it turned out, it was Lando. 
"Can I come?" Lando asked, the ten years old boy stared at Rora and Adelle, looked curious. 
"Sure, come here," Hanna said, she had paid close attention to him and in her opinion, Lando was a quiet boy and actually very nice, probably because there was no evil bone in him yet.
###Chapter 751: BRIGHT FLAMES, SERAFIM’S POWER
Chapter 751: BRIGHT FLAMES, SERAFIM’S POWER
"That’s an ugly creature." Lou scrunched his nose when he saw the lizard. The color of the lizard was a deep red now. It looked like this creature had been grilled until it cooked, but still could move. That was disgusting in the merchant’s eyes. 
Lou just arrived at the third floor, he was panting because he had to rush after the black beast, if he could shift, he would have done it. He was not really good with a physical activity. 
"What are you going to do with that?" Lou asked curiously, he poked his head because Cane obstructed his sight at Iris and stared at her, while she hugged the lizard in her arms and cradled it like a baby. Lou made a face. He didn’t even want to touch that creature, how could Iris hug it like it was nothing? 
Iris didn’t answer him, but then when Cane asked the same question, his mate actually explained it in detail about what she was going to do next. 
Iris discovered how to use the lizard and how the previous Serafim used this creature to defend the Holy Kingdom from monster attack fifty years ago, which caused the extinction of the Salamander. 
Because of that, they had never seen any salamander for fifty years and thought one of the Serafim’s mythical creatures had really vanished from this realm. 
Who would have thought, they could see one again now. Therefore, the Holy Kingdom praised Abby for being able to find it. They acknowledged her as the Serafim, as she finally deserved the title for finding the Salamander. 
"I am not sure if this will work," Iris said, slightly doubting herself because she had never done it before. She knew the theory and a little bit information about it when she confirmed this with Abby, also from the memory of the first Serafim, but she was not sure if she could pull it through. 
"You will be fine," Cane said. He caressed her cheek and smiled reassuringly at her. "There is nothing to lose if you failed." 
Cane walked behind Iris as she cradled the lizard and went to the balcony. 
Meanwhile, Lou followed behind the two of them while crossing his arms in front of his chest, he felt like he was the third wheel here, but what else he could do? He followed the two of them to the balcony and expanded the protection to prevent the crows from attacking them. 
He could leave them and stopped being annoyed by how affectionate Cane was with her. After all, something you couldn’t see wouldn’t bother you, yet the merchant chose to stay. 
He was curious about how powerful this runt was, or was she really a runt to begin with...? 
Lou had this rare moment of seriousness, as he observed Iris from the sideline, he watched every little move she made and how she released her power. 
Every time she did that, there would be these little fireflies around her body, as if these tiny lights emanated from within her. Was that the divine power? 
Lou stuck out his finger and touched the little light that came to him, he could feel warm from the tip of his finger when the light seeped in. 
Interesting. Very interesting. 
Even since the very beginning Lou had found Iris was very interesting, as if he wanted to discover more and more about her. Anything about her. 
What was your origin? 
That was the question that Lou had for himself, but not only him, who wanted to know, even Iris was dying to learn about it too. 
Before Lou’s eyes, he could see how the lizard turned into a flame, so bright he had to squint his eyes. 
Before him, the lizard was a ball of bright flames, where the flame flared toward the sky, burning down the whole crows that were flying above their head. The sight was devastatingly beautiful, but scary at the same time. 
The more the fire burned the crows, the brighter and bigger it became until the sky was covered by the flames and smell of burning flesh filled your lungs. 
This was what you called a terrifyingly beautiful sight and Lou was in awed by the power Iris let out. He didn’t have any idea how she could manage to do this. 
"This is very stunning..." Lou muttered to himself, as he watched the whole thing and how the crows were burned. The flames created a windmill above their head which wiped the sky clear from the cursed birds, as if the sky was in flame. 
However, Lou was not the only one, who was in admiration by what Iris could do, because right now Cane was astounded as well, so did the rest of the people in the main hall. 
They could hear the eerie caws and how the sky turned so bright, while the snow melted and the temperature became so warm, as if the summer was here early. 
They were standing at the corridor, watching everything unfolded. 
"The power of the Serafim is unmatched..." 
"The Serafim is destroying the bad crows!" 
"This is very amazing! We will be safe!" 
"There is nothing to be afraid of, the Serafim is here!" 
All the praises came for Abby, but she herself had this gloomy expression on her face, while Liam stood beside her and Cedric on the other. 
"What is happening here?" Cedric asked. He was sure it was not Abby. He had been with her for years and the rumor was true about how weak she was. There was no way she suddenly gained tremendous power without any explanation. 
Other people could be fooled and the other knights too, but Cedric and Liam were with Abby since they were little. It could be said the three of them were childhood friend. 
Abby squeezed her hands under her sleeves, she was trembling. She had never seen this kind of power, not even the previous Serafim could have done this. 
She felt like she wanted to cry. This situation was unfair and she felt so bad for having this hateful feeling toward Iris, despite she was true to her words for letting her to claim all the glory. 
But, there were still people, who were not convinced by this display of power. People, who couldn’t be deceived. 
"Abby, what is going on? Is this the luna?" Cedric narrowed his eyes at Abby, but she chose to walk away and went to the other side of the corridor to watch how the sky had turned into a windmill of flames, it was so warm here. "What is it Liam?" Cedric turned to Liam. "You better give me a good explanation about this." 
"I don’t know," Liam said, he was telling the truth, even though he had his own guess, but he couldn’t say it out loud before he confirmed it with Abby. 
Meanwhile, people forgot about the terror they had experienced less than an hour ago when they watched this phenomenal and praised the Serafim. 
"Lando! Where are you going?" Amara approached Lando when she finally found her little brother with Hanna and Della. 
"I want to be with the baby." He had his eyes on the baby in Hanna’s arms. Rora was currently sleeping after she was being fed, but her brows scrunched a little bit because it was so noisy around them. 
"It’s okay, Lando really behaves well," Hanna said. 
Even though the three siblings came from their enemy pack, but they had never shown or given them any indication that they were a threat. More so, the alpha didn’t give a clear warning to stay away from them or being worried about their existence in the pack. 
Hanna also knew the three of them were only victims of the current situation and power struggle. Amara and Tatiana were not really fond of their pack too, because they knew they were only a tool to be mated of with someone that could give their father and the pack benefit, nothing more and Lando still was not aware of the privilege he had as the only son from alpha Nolan. 
In the end, Tatiana and Amara joined Della and Hanna to watch how all the crows turned into ashes, where black dust, like charcoal fell from the flames, dusted the streets and yards, which the snow had melted. 
"Della, you must be tired, let me hold Adelle," Amara said, offering her help. They had never been in the capital city, thus they didn’t know the face of the queen, based on that for them, Della was only Aderan’s mate. "It’s okay. You must be tired." 
Gratefully, Della handed offer Adelle to Amara. "Thank you," she said gratefully. She was indeed tired with the entire things that had been going on. 
"Come here, Hanna. I will take turn with you to hold Rora," Tatiana said with a warm smile on her lips, as she stretched out her arms. 
Hanna shook her head. "It’s okay. I am not tired." She didn’t want to hand offer Rora to anyone. She didn’t feel comfortable for the baby to be carried by someone else that her missy was not approved of. 
"You look tired, Hanna. Let me help you." Tatiana was still smiling, she looked concern. 
However, before Hanna could reject her again, Will had come from behind her. "She is right, you look tired, I will hold her." 
Hanna looked a little bit hesitated, but of course, she trusted Will more than she did Tatiana. In the end, Will carried the baby in his arms and stood beside his woman.
###Chapter 752: PLEASE, COMBACK...
Chapter 752: PLEASE, COMBACK...
When everything was done what left was ashes and nauseating smell from the burning crows. It took less than an hour to clear the sky from the creature and stopped the attack temporarily. 
It was only temporary because they knew, more crows would come. 
"Yes, but there are legions of warriors came on our way. They will reach us first before the crows did," Iris told Cane about it. 
She had encountered Decratic three times by now, she would be very dense if she couldn’t pin point his thick and strong black magic. It was very different from all the dark magic she had ever felt. This was even stronger than the black magic stone Haco had ever given to her. 
"Understood." Cane kissed her forehead. "Stay with Rora and the warriors." 
"Please, come back to me. No matter what it takes, please, comeback to me." Iris clutched onto his cloak, as she stared at Cane with teary eyes. She felt her heart ached so bad. She preferred Cane not to go at all, but that was not possible. Cane had his duty and responsible to his people. "Whatever it takes, I want you comeback to me and Rora. Promise me." 
This would be a long and hard battle and even though Iris knew there was a high chance for Cane to survive this, but no one could guarantee if he still could keep his lycan side secret. Thing could take turn for the worst and if Cane was forced to use the lycan’s power to survive, Iris preferred that. 
If the world should know about the lycan, so be it! Iris only wanted her mate, they could think of everything else later, they had faced countless adversity together and she chose to face countless more of it with him. 
Cane rubbed her back to ease her anxiety, but it didn’t help. "I promise," he said. 
Iris tiptoed and kissed Cane’s lips, as tears streamed down her eyes. She didn’t want to let go. She didn’t want to be separated from him, if she could, she wanted to go to the battlefield with him, but there was their little angel that they needed to think of. Iris had to ensure her safety now she had the power to do so. 
She was torn between her soulmate and her sweet little heart. 
This was the hardest period of time she had ever felt where she wanted to be selfish and tell Cane to let someone else to lead the warriors. 
At this point, there was no tactic, there was no scheme or even a dirty trick and plot, there was only strength in battle. If you lost this battle then you would die, as simple as that. There was no plot against plot. This was it. 
"Please, Cane. Comeback." Iris didn’t want to let go, she wanted to deepen her kiss and let the time freeze. 
However, there would always be someone, who would interrupt a good time and ruined the atmosphere for them. 
"Are you going to suck his soul or what?" Lou was complaining, he was forced to watch the whole thing and it was not fun at all. "If you wanted to save this pack we need to be hurry, right? I don’t want to die, okay." He tapped his feet impatiently. 
Iris was actually embarrassed and pulled away from Cane, she showed her timid side again that recently had been hidden under a lot of stress and sadness. 
But, when Iris was about to glare at Lou, Cane cupped her face and gave her a deep kiss that lasted for a second before he let her go. 
"Let’s go," Cane told Lou. 
"What? I am not going to the battlefield!" Lou protested. "I am just a weak merchant! I don’t know how to fight. I will stay here and make sure your mate and your baby are well taken care of." 
There was no way Cane would let that to happen, but he glanced at the door and said, "drag him." 
Both Iris and Lou didn’t realize it, but there they saw Zale was poking his head. He had been following them here when he saw Iris was hastily dragging the alpha and the merchant. Joel told him to stay to protect a few people that was entrusted to him, but he didn’t want to protect them, his main priority was the luna. 
Cane had noticed him ever since the beginning because he could catch his scent and let him be, while Iris and Lou were not aware of it. 
"What?! What are you going to do?!" Lou flipped, he put his hands on his waist, as he glared down at Zale, whose height only reached his chest. This little boy was a sore in the eyes and he wanted to put some curse on him. 
Meanwhile, Cane had shifted into his black beast and went out of the room, he had an urgent matter to be handled, leaving Zale to deal with Lou. 
"Alpha said you need to go!" Zale snapped back at him unhappily. He mimicked Lou’s gesture, as he put his hands on his waist. 
"Seriously! I am going to kill this mongrel!" Lou was serious with what he said and Iris could feel the killing intent rolled off his body when he said that. 
"Lou!" Iris warned him sternly to stop whatever he was trying to do to hurt Zale, but she talked to the boy firmly too. "Can you wait outside for a while, there is something I want to talk with him." 
"But, alpha Cane said to drag him out..." Zale complained, it was a rare moment for the boy to actually listen to someone else’s order obediently. 
"Zale, I need to talk to him," Iris said, she didn’t change her tone, but Zale could tell how serious the luna was and he reluctantly stepped outside, but he didn’t close the door, let it opened so wide it vexed Lou. 
With a flick of his fingers, the door was slammed so hard and Zale couldn’t open it even when he tried. 
"You don’t need to be mean with him." Iris narrowed her eyes. 
"He needs to be taught an etiquette." Lou didn’t seem to feel bad at all and Iris didn’t prolong this matter. "What do you want to say?" Lou asked eagerly. 
Iris looked hesitant when she spoke, but she made up her mind. "I know this will be too much for me to ask you this, but can you help Cane out there?" 
Lou’s jaw dropped when he heard that. "That’s a lot." He widened his eyes dramatically. "He is an alpha, he can shift into a beast and can be said as the strongest shifter that I have ever met, not to mention he has the power of the lycan and you want me to protect him?" Lou then lowered his voice, making him sounded very pitiful. "A mere merchant, who happened to know some magic and is not really good with confrontation? Don’t you feel bad if something bad happened to me?" 
Iris took a deep breath. "You will be fine using your magic, the Sylph will sustain the power the magic users needed during the battle." She had enough power to keep the Sylph. "I only have one request for you..." 
"You know I don’t like him, right?" Lou interrupted Iris before she could speak. 
"I know."
"But, you still trust his safety in me? Aren’t you afraid I am going to kill him instead." 
"You will not do that." 
"How can you be so certain about that? Can’t you tell I have been itching to put some curse on him, since the first time we met?" 
"But, you are not." 
Lou was speechless. "Don’t trust me too much, I will end up disappointed you." 
Iris didn’t say anything after Lou’s statement, she only stared at him for a while, before she spoke again. "Why do you like me? You can leave this continent and side with the royal family or even do whatever you want without getting yourself involved in this mess, but you stay. The reason of expanding your business to the Andelus continent doesn’t make any sense anymore." 
Iris was spotted on and Lou groaned in frustration. 
"What is your request?" Lou threw his arms up in defeated mode. 
============================= 
Will hand over baby Rora back to Hanna, while his woman was crying. The alpha announced there would be an attack against their pack and all the warriors would go to their fortress to defend their pack. The knights joined in too. 
"Please, comeback..." Hanna cried harder now, she was afraid something bad might happen to Will and this battle would demand a high price she couldn’t afford. "Please, be safe..." 
Hanna was too emotional when she heard Will should go to the frontline and fight to defend the pack, until she didn’t realize Amara took baby Rora from her arms. It was actually a nice gesture, since Hanna could hug her man and bury her face against his chest. She cried inconsolably. 
Will hugged Hanna, he kissed her cheeks and her forehead, while baby Rora made baby noises, she scrunched her nose, as if she could feel the depressing atmosphere around her. 
"Of course." Will reassured her, but no one could guarantee the end result of it. "Our time is too short, I want to spend a long time with you." 
"That’s why you need to comeback," Hanna said between her tears. "We will spend the rest of our life together." 
Will kissed Hanna’s lips, as he replied. "I love the sound of it."
###Chapter 753: LURE THEM OUT OF THE PACK
Chapter 753: LURE THEM OUT OF THE PACK
True to her words, legions of warriors were here, they marched for days to reach the Howling Wolf pack without stopping at all, since they were infused by black magic. This kind of black magic that Iris felt from them, very strong and imposing. 
Cane led his warriors, as he stood next to Cedric, who led his own knights, the two of them were standing side by side, at the front line. In the distance, they could see the legion of the warriors. They were still in their human form, while the person leading them were people that Cane had expected. 
It was alpha Gallot and alpha Nolan. The two alphas marched their own warriors here. Behind the two alphas, there was a fancy carriage. No one knew, who was inside there, but Cane assumed it would be lady Cyan or Decratic himself. 
From afar, alpha Gallot raised his hand and the people behind him immediately stopped. They created a distance between them, safe enough to ready themselves if Cane suddenly wanted to attack them without any negotiation. 
Normally, alpha Gallot and alpha Nolan’s warriors would be in disadvantage to have a battle right now, because they had traveled for days, there was no way tremendous distance didn’t wear them out, but since they were infused by dark magic, they didn’t feel any tiredness at all. 
This kind of warriors were the same like the one that attacked Howling Wolf pack months ago. They were hard to be killed. 
The two alphas came forward, it was a gesture for Cane and Cedric to come too, as they met in the middle. 
"Cane, give me back my son!" alpha Nolan roared angrily. He was still unable to contain his rage. He only cared about his offspring, nothing else. "You have crossed the line! How could you kidnap my son?! You don’t have any moral at all." 
If Lou was there, he would have laughed out loud for someone like alpha Nolan talking about moral when they didn’t have any. 
However, Cane was not in the mood to mock him. His eyes coldly scoured the warriors behind alpha Nolan and alpha Gallot. There were around twenty thousand of them, while Cane only had around fifteen thousand of warriors and knights. 
To put it simply, they were outnumbered and outpowered too. 
"I will give you your son back, but in exchange I want his head." Cane nodded at alpha Gallot. 
"CANE!" Alpha Gallot roared for his audacity for his request. "I am going to wipe out your pack and put your people back into slavery! That’s where your people belonged to!" 
"Like when you wiped out the Black Market?" Cane asked, the corner of his lips quirked up and the way he looked at alpha Gallot as if he was saying how idiot he was. "The moment, the sea is open for the ships, people from Karam continent and Andelus will surely raze your pack for what you have done to their people." 
Black Market filled with people from different continent and most of them were important figure in their homeland. 
Not to mention those people had been trying to find an opening to invade Ogregon continent, thus what alpha Gallot did could be a perfect reason for their invasion. 
Of course, right now that matter was a far issue, since they had more urgent one. 
"Kill him and take your warriors back to your pack and I will send back your son," Cane said. 
Hearing that alpha Nolan scoffed. "Do you think I will agree to that when I am already here? I can kill all of your people and take my son back right now!" 
Cane nodded. "Sure." His eyes turned icy, as killing intent emanated from his body, even Cedric felt uncomfortable to be beside the alpha. "You are more than welcome to collect his body." 
Alpha Nolan startled, he clenched his fists tightly to compose himself upon hearing what Cane said. He really wanted to rip his face off and skin him alive! Alpha Gerald should have killed him and exterminated his people! 
Alpha Gallot actually laughed when he heard that. "You don’t have it in you to kill an innocent child, Cane!"
"Try me." Cane expression didn’t change at all when he said that. He looked cold blooded enough to make alpha Nolan thought he really would go along with his threat. 
Yet, alpha Gallot scowled. "The Serafim is on your side, I don’t believe she will let that happen!" He glanced at Cedric, who was standing next to Cane. 
"We don’t involve ourself in this continent’s matter. Alpha Cane can do as he pleased." Cedric put his hand on the hilt of his sword. 
"CANE!" Alpha Nolan roared angrily. He glared at Cane, as if he was going to kill him. "Hand me my son or I swear, I will kill your child too! I will make you watch when I fed her to the monster!" 
"I will use that as a reference," Cane said calmly. 
"You!" alpha Nolan lost it. "You caused the death of my daughter! And now you want to kill my son too?! Surrender and hand over your luna and the Serafim! We will spare the rest of your pack member!" 
Cedric’s face turned dark when he heard that. There was no way he would hand over the Serafim to this jerk. 
"See you in the battlefield," Cane said and then walked back toward the pack house, where they opened the gates and let the two of them in. This probably would be a long and hard battle. 
Meanwhile, alpha Gallot and alpha Nolan stood in front of the Howling Wolf pack’s fortress, they stared at the gates that were closed, as the alpha and the knight’s figure disappeared. 
"Don’t even think about betraying our king, you can produce another child, but it will be impossible if you are dead," alpha Gallot growled, as he gave alpha Nolan a warning glance. 
Needless to say, alpha Nolan contemplated Cane’s order, though the thought of it was only a brief second contemplation and he didn’t have any mean to go on with that, but it was worth to note. 
Alpha Nolan glared back at alpha Gallot. "I am not that stupid!" 
Both of them then went to their warriors and approached the fancy carriage. They knocked on the door and not long after someone opened it from inside and let the two of them to go in. 
Meanwhile, the other warriors started to build tents. Tomorrow would be the beginning of a long and hard day. 
"What now?" Alpha Nolan asked Aria. His eyes fixed on this supposed to be dead woman. 
Inside the fancy carriage, it was Aria and lady Cyan, both of them came all the way here to capture the luna, the Serafim and the lycan, because Decratic wanted them all. 
Meanwhile, their other forces gained control from the other pack in the south. Currently, there were an on going battle in each pack and this far, there were two southern packs that was under their control by now. 
"Where else we can enter the pack?" Alpha Nolan didn’t remember Aria at all, though he was reminded that she was Leana’s personal maid. His mind was too precious to remember insignificant person like her. 
But, what pissed him off was this maid acted like a noble. 
Aria lifted her head lazily, she stared at alpha Nolan nonchalantly, for a former maid like Aria, she was sure very bold to have such attitude toward her former alpha, but in her heart, Cane was the only alpha. She couldn’t care less about anything else. 
"They must have closed all the secret doors after the first attack." What Aria meant by the first attack was when the battle in the Goffa mountain transpired, which killed the king. "But, I know a way how to make them out of their fortress. We can deal with them there." 
It was very obvious that Cane would have closed all the secret passageway toward the pack house after that attack, especially when he learned that Aria was behind all of this. 
With the fact of how smart he was, he must have taken a precaution. 
However, Aria knew how to lure them out of the pack house, they could deal with them there. 
=========================== 
Cane was talking with Cedric and Koda about the strategy they would use to go against their enemy. It wouldn’t be easy, since they were well aware their enemy were using black magic and those warriors had been infused with one. 
Cane had ordered someone to call Lou, but before the merchant could come, a guard had informed him something atrocious. 
"Alpha!" the guard rushed toward the fortress to meet with Cane and immediately knelt in front of him. "This is so bad. Our enemy destroyed the family’s burial ground!" 
Family burial ground was where all the alpha’s family was being buried and not too long ago, Cane and Iris had to bury their daughter there. 
The grief they had was still very fresh, but now their enemy destroyed their daughter’s memorial place! 
Cane’s eyes flickered to golden color, while his claws stabbed his palms and drew blood. Killing intent emanated from his body, he looked like he was going to go for a massacre. 
Everyone around the alpha took two steps back, they were dreadful by the sight of how enraged Cane was right now. 
However, Cane was not the only person who had this reaction, once the news reached Iris, she let out a rare murderous aura that made anyone trembled when they saw her.
###Chapter 754: A MOTHER’S RAGE
Chapter 754: A MOTHER’S RAGE
Aria stared at a small casket with fresh flowers on top of it. A derisive smile plastered on her lips when she read the name. 
-Crystal Nera Nortern- 
This little casket was where Iris and Cane’s first daughter rested forever. Aria read the words and her eyes flickered with malice. 
This was Iris and Cane’s baby. She couldn’t accept the fact the two of them had their own baby! They didn’t deserve any form of happiness at all! 
Aria took the flower and threw it on the ground, as she stomped on it, her eyes filled with rage and she was breathing heavily when she glared at the little casket. 
"Burn this place," Aria said. "Burn this place and destroyed it, with that Cane will come running out of the pack," she said coldly and then left. 
But, her eyes caught another casket, where she saw a very familiar name on it. It was her former Missy, Leane, Cane’s destined mate. Someone, who supposed to spend the rest of her life with him. 
If it was not because of alpha Gerald and his greediness, the ten years slavery would never happen and her missy would still be alive. Probably by then, Aria would have different ending and she wouldn’t harbor any desire toward Cane. 
But right now, it was already very late for her to stop herself from wanting him. 
This was all alpha Gerald’s fault and by extent, Iris! 
She took Cane away from her and had the audacity to have babies with him. That woman deserved fate worse than death! 
"Burn and destroy this place and you will get him out of their lair," Aria said. She averted her eyes from her missy’s casket and then walked out of there, letting the warriors to do the deed. 
"Do you really think with this he will come out?" alpha Nolan asked, while alpha Gallot was eager to destroy this place and had a sick idea to get the baby out of her casket to taunt Cane for threatening him with his son’s life. 
However, he immediately curbed his own idea because he was still afraid Cane would do something impulsive and killed his son instead, he still remembered the look on his eyes when they met earlier. He looked crazy enough to go on with his threat. 
Not to mention with the fact he knew him quite well, though they didn’t meet so often, but a person with Character like Cane was someone that you wouldn’t easily forget, thus he didn’t voice it out. 
Meanwhile, Redmond watched everything unfolded, as he kept quiet. His eyes fell on Aria, who was smiling derisively, while watching the family’s tomb was being destroyed. 
============================== 
It was the Howling Wolf pack’s family tomb, where all the dead member of the pack was buried there. 
’The pack house and the fortress were built entirely to protect the people from the attack and monster, while this place was built outside of the fortress because the warriors wouldn’t have to worry about protecting it if we are under attack. So, it wouldn’t be another spot that needed to be protected. 
If it was built inside the fortress, in case of emergency situation, they will try to protect this place, even if they were told not to.’ 
All of that was explained by Cane long time ago when he took Iris to the family’s burial ground months ago for the first time and for her that made sense, because no matter what, even if it was only the remaining of the dead bodies of the people that they knew, buried deep in the ground, there would always be a sentiment there. 
Even so, a pack tomb was not something that could be built anywhere and abandoned, therefore, it was built closest to Goffa mountain, the mountain that stretched across two pack, this was also a strategic point for a battle. 
However, how could Iris sit idly when she learned someone disturbed her baby!? There was no way she would stay still and let that happened! 
If Iris had to kill her way to stop them, she would! 
"Luna, please... calm your anger, you need to think about this thoroughly, you can’t be impulsive," Aliana said, she tried to stop Iris from rushing out of the pack house and went to the Goffa mountain herself. "Alpha Cane will handle this matter, you don’t need to worry. I believe the alpha will do what he needed to do. Alpha Cane must have gone to the family tomb’s himself." 
Not only Crystal, but it was the place where his family rested. Cane must be very enraged by now and more affected by their enemy’s move. 
"Then I will meet with him in the Goffa Mountain," Iris said sternly. She stood up and was about to leave the room when Aliana stopped her again, which made her upset. "Step back, Aliana." 
Aliana shook her head. 
After the crows managed to be burned, the bleak winter sky could be seen again, but this weather made anyone restless and depress. 
Currently, they were in the alpha and luna’s bedroom, while Hanna was holding baby Rora without saying much. Aliana tried her hardest to stop Iris from giving up on her rationality and dashed toward danger. 
"No, Luna, please. Don’t do this..." Aliana pleaded. "Let the alpha handled it." 
"Step back, Aliana," Iris repeated what she said. Her voice grew deep and cold when she spoke. She looked like someone else entirely, malice laced in her bright blue eyes, as she shoved Aliana aside, but the latter didn’t budge. 
"I can’t let you go, luna." Aliana’s voice was firm. 
Meanwhile, Hanna was about to reason with her too, but Iris already glared at her. "Don’t get involved in this Hanna. I want you to take care of Rora." her voice filled with warning, forcing Hanna to sit down again. 
Hanna was only a maid, thus when Iris used her luna’s voice, she was rendered speechless and was unable to retort. 
However, Aliana was different. "Luna, please, don’t go. This is not right for you to go out there." 
Iris stared at her hand that grabbed her shoulders tightly, preventing her from going away. She had lost her baby once, she was not going to lose her twice. 
"Once again, move aside, Aliana." Iris didn’t raise her voice, neither she was having a mental breakdown, but her calmness only gave chill down their spine. 
"No, I can’t do that..." Aliana was here to protect her, for Iris to go to Goffa mountain recklessly, it would only kill herself. 
Yet, before Aliana could do something else, she felt this sharp pain in her chest that sent her to her knees, as she clutched her chest. It felt like her heart was being squeezed tightly by an invisible hands. 
"Aliana!" Hanna stood up, she was about to rush toward her, but Iris’s gaze stopped her in her track, there was something ominous and malice about the way her missy stared at her. 
She had known her missy for so long and this was the first time she saw her like this. 
Iris looked vengeful. 
Outside of the door, Iris met with her other five warriors, who looked at her with the same grief like Aliana gave to her, but they were stunned to see Aliana was in so much pain, bending her body, while gasping for air. The pain rendered her unable to move. 
"Wh- what happened here?" Zephyr looked alarmed. "Aliana what happened with you?! Someone, get grace here!" 
Otis went to get Grace, but Eron and Dyne noticed how Iris was about to leave. "Luna, you can’t go!" Dyne cried out. 
However, before he could touch the luna and stopped her, he felt this pain on his chest and was sent into the same state like Aliana. 
"What is this?" Kian was flabbergasted, so did Eron. 
"Luna?" Eron didn’t believe this was their luna, who had done this. How she could do it? But then, they discovered a lot unimaginable thing that their luna could do recently. "Luna! You can’t go!" 
Yet, before Eron could approach Iris, he felt the same pain like Aliana and Dyne felt, while Iris walked away from them, without them being able to stop her. 
"What now?!" Kian asked Zephyr. 
"Go... go and stop her..." Aliana said between her pain. "Stop the luna... she could die if she went to the mountain." 
That was the first thing they would do, they knew once the news about it reached Iris, she would have a strong reaction, but this was not what they expected. 
Not to mention no one could actually stop her. Everyone, who came to her would feel this pain that sent them unable to move. They didn’t know where this pain came from, but as ridiculous as it sounded, no one could stop her from going. 
Iris went to the stable and climbed on the back of the first horse she saw. Her expression remained impassive, as if she couldn’t feel anything, but her eyes burned with hatred. 
Some of the people had gone to the safety place, just in case, though there were still a lot more, who stayed behind. 
But, at the gates, Iris saw Lou, he had been waiting for her. 
"Are you going to Goffa mountain?" Lou asked, he knew Iris would go. It would be very strange if she didn’t, but what surprised him the most was the fact she could escape from her warriors. 
Iris stopped the horse. "Come with me," she said coldly. 
Lou grinned. "Sure!"
###Chapter 755: YOU ARE FINALLY HERE
Chapter 755: YOU ARE FINALLY HERE
Lou was supposed to be with Cane, because Iris had asked him a favor to keep his eyes on her mate, in which he begrudgingly accepted it, because when she pleaded with him, she looked like she was on the verge of breaking down and Lou hated it to see her very vulnerable and distress like that. 
However, because Cane was within the pack fortress and the battle had not yet broken out, he didn’t to be so close with the alpha, being so close with him only gave him goosebumps. 
And this news arrived, Cane knew Iris would hear it sooner or later, thus he told Lou to go to Iris and stopped her from doing anything reckless, as if he could predict what his mate would. 
Though the alpha didn’t like the idea of Lou being close with Iris, but it was only him that he could send to her, since his warriors wouldn’t be able to stand her power. 
Cane had expected this would come to this and his warriors were unable to stop her, but what he didn’t expect was; Lou actually helped Iris to go to the Goffa mountain! 
Cane relied on how much Lou cared for Iris, despite how disturbing his desire for his mate, but Iris’s safety was priority for him. 
Who would have thought Lou actually helped her instead?! 
’I am not his running dog!’ 
That was what Lou told himself when he agreed to Iris’s request to accompany her to the Goffa mountain. 
Right now, Iris was riding the horse with Lou, she was sitting on the back, while Lou ordered the warriors to open the gates. 
They were confused and before they could have a better judgement, someone had opened the gates out of instinct, since it was an order from someone on their side and the merchant look in hurry. They only realized the luna was with Lou when the horse already passed the gates. 
"What is going on? Is that the luna?" They were all confused. 
Joel saw that too and immediately went to see Ethan, since Jace had gone with the alpha to the Goffa mountain, they didn’t bring a lot of warriors with them, since they learned their enemy only brought a handful warriors too to destroy the burial ground. 
"Ethan! Gamma Ethan!" Joel rushed into a small meeting room in the fortress without even knocking first. 
"What!? What is it?!" The gamma was immediately on alert, thinking the worse had happened. "Are we under attack?!" 
It would be very troublesome if they were under attack when Cane was not here, he felt like he got a déjà vu if something like that really happened again. 
"No!" Joel shook his head vigorously. 
"What is it?" Ethan knitted his brwos. The way how panic Joel was, it looked like they were being besieged or something. 
"No, they have not yet attacked us but the luna has gone to the Goffa Mountain with Lou!" Joel said, he explained briefly about what happened and Ethan groaned in frustration. 
"Why there is no one stopped her?!" Ethan roared, as he went out of the room to issue an order to get Iris back. He couldn’t leave the fortress because the alpha and the beta were not present. 
Another two people rushed toward Ethan and they were Aliana and Zephyr. They shifted into their human form at the same time, as their expression looked ashen, the pain only subsided when the luna had gone far away from them. They didn’t know how the luna could do that, but there was no need for explanation, as they had to get the luna back to the safety! 
"You need to send warriors to chase after the luna!" Aliana approached Ethan hastily. 
"I am going to do so!" Ethan said and then glared at Zephyr. "How can you let her go like that?! Did Lou help her to escape?!" 
Ethan knew how Lou had unhealthy desire toward Iris, but he thought, he would put her safety above anything else, yet this happened. 
"No, actually..." Zephyr then explained what had happened briefly and just like him, Ethan was gobsmacked that Iris could pull something like that. 
"She can do that?" Ethan knitted his brows. 
Aliana then chimed in about how she had witnessed Iris to put the other shifter in pain, but because she didn’t pay close attention to that, she didn’t think too much. 
And yet, she shook her head. "It doesn’t matter now, we need to find the luna immediately before something happened to her!" 
Ethan immediately rearranged a few warriors to go to the Goffa mountain. He really wanted to go, but he couldn’t leave the pack when they were under the pressure like this and a battle could break out any time. 
"I will go," Aliana said firmly, but Ethan was strongly against it. 
"No!" Ethan growled, this time, he subdued her to follow his order, something that he had never done before. 
Even though Aliana was the beta’s sister, but she herself, didn’t hold any rank within the pack. Her rank came from her brother, yet compared to Ethan, she needed to follow him, especially when Cane and Jace were not in the pack. It was Ethan, who was in charge. 
Ethan knew, Aliana would resent him for forcing her to stay with this method, but he couldn’t let her go! 
In the end, Aliana could only grit her teeth and stay behind like what Ethan told her to do. The gamma was always an easy going person, who would laugh so often, but once his smile disappear and his eyes became cold, as he asserted his position, unless it was Cane or Jace, no one could go against his order. 
In the end, Iris’s five warriors went to get Iris back, along with Joel and Finn. There were seven of them, they went from different gates, so they wouldn’t attract any attention from their enemies. 
The seven beasts rushed toward the pack’s burial ground, trying to catch up with the luna and the merchant, but they were too late, something had happened there when they arrived... 
=========================== 
"My lord..." Zeke called for Decratic solemnly. He knelt down in front of him with Dexter did the same gesture slightly behind, they lowered their head. "We have captured three more packs in the south. Silver River pack, Bloody Wolf pack and Chrystal Moon pack." 
Silver River pack was a pack that Cane abandoned, since he didn’t see the value on defending that place, more so there was a strange disease there. 
However, Decratic specifically wanted that pack. 
Meanwhile, Chrystal Moon pack was the only pack in the south with harbor, therefore with Chrystal Moon pack and Winter Moon pack were in Decratic’s hand, there was no way Cane or the Serafim could get reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom even when the winter ended and you could travel by the sea again. 
"Kellan has gone to Diandem pack to have a face off against alpha Colter and the remaining warriors under him." Zeke continued. 
After alpha Colter withdrew from the Aggeverya Road, they based their remaining strength in Diandem pack. It was only a matter of time before they conquered the pack and Kellan could march toward the next pack. 
"Hm..." Decratic intoned, as he stared into the darkness. His mind was deep in thought. 
Currently they were in the untouched land, near the border of the Celestial Moon pack. The forest that filled with beasts and monsters. 
This cave was so big and dark, but every now and then you could see there was something inside there. Something gigantic and ominous. Something that most of the people thought had long extinct. This thing also the reason why the monsters around acted strangely and became more active, even when it was winter, where they supposed to be hibernating. 
"You can go, Zeke, I want to have a conversation with Dexter," Decratic said languidly. Breeze of cold wind fluttered his robe, he looked ethereal. 
People wouldn’t believe someone like Alan could pull such strong aura and presence, but again, he was not Alan. 
"Yes, my lord," Zeke said solemnly before he left, but he glanced at his son, warning him not to do something that could upset their master. 
Once it was only the two of them, Decratic tilted his head at Dexter. "I should thank you for your effort to bring me back to live." His words were as sweet as nectar, but you couldn’t trust a word from a devil like him. "But, I know there is something that you desire... something as dark as my black magic." A smile rose on the corner of his lips. "Tell me what you desire, Dexter." 
=========================== 
Cane took Jace, Dean and Pax with him, along with another ten warriors to go to the burial ground, but it was too late. The place had ruined and fire burned the trees around it. 
Outside of the cave, the alpha could see alpha Nolan and Aria. The two of them watched the flames with an eerie smile on their lips. They looked satisfied upon seeing their work. 
The trees were burning and the entrance of the cave had been ruined, you couldn’t get inside anymore. 
Cane’s cold eyes turned malice, his killing intent became even stronger, in which that was the first thing that they sensed first. 
Alpha Nolan immediately turned his body around, so did Aria, they two of them were on guard, but there was a longing in Aria’s eyes when she finally saw Cane again. 
"Cane... finally you are here," Aria whispered.
###Chapter 756: BROKEN SWORD
Chapter 756: BROKEN SWORD
"I have warned you, Cane," Alpha Nolan said. He was so heartless to ruin his own daughter’s grave, but then you couldn’t expect less than this from him. 
No, actually he didn’t even care about Leane, it was only Aria, who noticed her former missy’s grave. But even her, was not sentiment enough to stop what they were going to do. 
"Give me back my son." Alpha Nolan was still adamant with the same old song. He wanted Lando and because Dexter couldn’t be found, Decratic was too powerful for him to make any demand and lady Cyan didn’t care about his predicament, he could only try to save his son on his own way. "If only you give me back my son, this will not happen." 
Cane’s expression was still, his iciness couldn’t even melt by the flames that surrounded them. His eyes fixed at the rambles of the rock that previously was the entrance to her family burial ground. 
The remains and the memorial of his family was there. His daughter... 
The last time he was here was when he buried his daughter with Iris, but now, he couldn’t even come to visit anymore, as they destroyed this place. 
The fuck with all of this battle! 
Cane’s eyes flickered into red color. 
All of them must die for doing this to his daughter! 
Black wisp emanated from his body. 
He was going to rip them apart! 
The alpha rarely showed his emotions, but this time, his fury was written all over his face and body without restraint! 
And with that, Cane lunged forward and shifted into his black beast. His red eyes flickered back to golden, but black wisp still surrounded him. It floated in the air ominously, as if this thing had mind on its own, as it started to attack all the warriors there, while the alpha himself charged forward to release his wrath on alpha Nolan. 
Jace and the other warriors that came with Cane were stunned, but when the alpha made his move, they took that as a sign for them to attack, all of them immediately shifted into their beasts smoothly and assisted their alpha. 
Just like how they predicted. It was not easy to kill all the warriors that alpha Nolan brought with him, their number was not many, but they were so hard to be killed. They couldn’t feel any pain, even when Jace’s beast bit down their hindlegs, they still could move! This was the power of the Black Magic that Decratic had. 
Meanwhile, Aria was pushed to the rear line because she couldn’t shift into her beast, neither she could fight with magic, since she was not a magic user, while alpha Nolan did the same thing. He feared the enraged of the black beast. 
Cane’s wrath was beyond words, he looked even scariest than the flames that surrounded them right now, in which spread so fast, despite the cold temperature and the snow that started to fall from the sky, yet they melted before it could pile up on the ground of this forest. 
Black wisp in the shape of tendrils killed a lot of warriors, as the black beast charged forward. His aim was alpha Nolan. He must die! 
"Cane! Stop this!" Aria cried. "You have been blinded! You will put our pack into danger with your action!" Aria screamed from behind the warriors. She was scared witless to see how the black beast made his way toward her and she was sure, it was only a matter of second before the crazy beast reached her and killed her right away without listening to her explanation. "Please! Don’t do this! You can’t do this!" 
Meanwhile, beside Aria, alpha Nolan frowned at the crazy woman. "What are you blabbering about? Are you very delusional to think he will actually listen to you!?" alpha Nolan knew this former maid of his daughter was not really sharp, but she was also delusional. 
"We need to go from here," Redmond said, as he stood behind alpha Nolan to inform them it was the best time to retreat while they still had a chance. "Let’s go! Quick!" 
However, the tendril of the black wisp managed to pierce through two warriors that protected them, it stabbed them in the chest, but still lengthened to reach alpha Nolan. 
Without a second thought, alpha Nolan grabbed Aria and put her in front of him to shield him from being stabbed. 
Aria, who didn’t expect that only felt something sharp pierced through her heart and when she looked down, it was the tendrils of the black wisp. 
"Al- alpha Nolan... you...!" Aria gasped to breath, it looked terrifying when this drilled through her body and yet, she still couldn’t die! 
On the other hand, alpha Nolan fell on his butt and then started crawled back to avoid the attack of the black wisp. 
After stabbed three people, the speed of the tendrils slowed down, which gave alpha Nolan a chance to escape the situation with the help of Redmond. They needed to return to their warriors. 
Fire everywhere and it started to lick their clothes and make the temperature became rather hot. The fire didn’t stop and if this kept happening, probably the whole mountain would be burned to the ground. 
"Move!" Redmond barked at alpha Nolan, he glanced at Aria, whose still wore a shocking expression, staring at the tendrils on her chest. He narrowed his eyes and then left. 
Meanwhile, Aria was still in denial to see what actually happened to her, what Cane had done to hurt her again. This was not the first time, he killed her, but why she persisted that man still had some feeling to spare for her? Only to find out her hope was being shattered all over again. 
The hole in her chest widened, she could feel it that the tendrils were going to cut her body into half, but then she wouldn’t die, because Dexter had done something to her, which prevented her from it. 
But then, a second later, when Aria thought she would end up in a miserable state, she closed her eyes tightly and at the same time a portal appeared in front of her and Dexter’s furious eyes landed on the tendrils that hurt Aria, he stretched out his hand, did something that made the tendrils released her body. 
Black liquid poured out from the hole in her chest, as her body leaned forward and Dexter caught her. 
"Aria," Dexter called her, his voice was cold and dark, as he could feel she was trembling in pain. She was able to feel the pain and he hated to see her like this. 
Dexter lifted his head to face the black beast, anger laced in his eyes, but the enraged beast met his anger with his own wrath. 
This was the second time for them to meet and like their previous encounter, Dexter put shield around him to protect himself and Aria from the beast’s assault. 
"Cane," Dexter called his name derisively. He flicked his finger and the fire around them flared up, just like the tendrils, the fire seemed to have its own mind, as it attacked Cane and his other warriors. 
Jace and the warriors were having a hard time to dodge it, while fighting their opponent, therefore five of the warriors that came to them were burned to death, unable to dodge the flames, while three were killed by their enemies before those mutts were killed by Jace and Dean. 
The other shifters, who had not yet learned about the fact Cane was the lycan wondered how he was able to control the black wisp, this was a magic! And as a shifter, he shouldn’t have been able to do so. 
With the flames and the black wisp tangled together, it was hard to tell, who had gotten the upper hand, until they heard cracking sound and then the protection around Dexter were shattered into pieces. 
Right at that time, they caught another familiar scent only to see Lou was making slashing movement, in which broke the shield of protection that Dexter had created. 
Everyone was shocked, especially when they saw who was coming with Lou. It was their luna! 
Iris immediately got of the horseback and rushed toward the black beast, but her eyes fixed on rubbles of the cave. The burial ground was no more. Her little one was buried there forever and she wouldn’t even be able to visit her anymore. 
Something squeezed her heart so bad, she fell to the ground. She didn’t cry, but her whole body was trembling, while her eyes were bloodshot red.
From afar, they could hear loud footsteps, it seemed Alpha Nolan and Redmond managed to call for reinforcement. 
It didn’t take long before thirty warriors surrounded them, as they emerged from the flames, the beasts snarled viciously. 
However, Iris couldn’t hear anything, did she lose her ability to hear again? Or maybe her surrounded simply fading away, as she was in so much pain, it numbed her. 
She didn’t know which one was true, but all she could feel was the fury in her heart gnawed on her. She could feel all the beast spirit around her, the beast spirit that had tainted by black magic. 
And then more beasts came. 
The Howling Wolf pack’s warriors came to Iris and circled her protectively, while the black wisp moved wildly, ready to wipe them all. 
As the golden eyes of the beast turned red, Iris’s blue eyes turned darker and another sword was broken...
###Chapter 757: THE BLACK FLAMES
Chapter 757: THE BLACK FLAMES
Hanna stayed in the alpha and the luna’s bedroom with baby Rora. Della also was there with her baby, while outside of the door, there were four warriors who stood on guard. 
Hanna couldn’t help, but became very anxious. Probably that was why, Rora was crying, because she could feel that. The baby was being a little bit fussy than usual. 
"Maybe she is hungry," Della said. 
"But, she just ate," Hanna stated. She remembered it was only an hour ago, Della breastfed Rora. 
Because of the sound of her crying, Adelle was also woken up and started crying as well, which added to the anxiety for both of them. 
With that, Della handed baby Adelle to Hanna and take baby Rora to be fed. Yet, the baby refused to breastfeed and keep crying. 
"It’s not usual for her to cry like this," Hanna lamented. She felt so bad to see how hard Rora was crying, until her face turned red and she kept wriggling her body inside the swaddle. "Does she feel any pain?" She became worried now. 
"Maybe you should call Grace to check on her," Della suggested. 
"I will. Wait a minute," Hanna said, as she put Adelle on the bed, she was still crying and now Della had to comfort the two babies. 
It must be so weird for a queen to be in her position right now. But, she didn’t mind this life at all. It was way better than her life in the palace. She felt everything would end smoothly and she could live a happy life with Aderan. 
When Hanna went out of the bedroom, Della heard someone was talking to the guards, but she couldn’t figure out what they were talking about, yet a minute later, someone knocked and the guard told her their lunch was ready and he would come inside to put the tray of their meal. 
Della let them in and two guards entered the room, carrying two trays and put them on the table. 
"Thank you," Della said gratefully, she was very hungry, feeding two babies made her wanted to eat all the time, but with the food supply was in critical point, she knew that she had to hold her appetite back a little. 
After she managed to calm her baby down a little, she went to eat her lunch, while still holding baby Rora. She still had tears in her eyes, but only stifled sobs that could be heard from her. 
"Are you missing your mommy?" Della asked. "Don’t worry little one, she will be back soon." With that, Della started eating her meal. 
Usually, the taste of the food would be so bland, but this time it was a little bit better, which made Della ate happily, halfway of finishing her meal, Grace came with Hanna. 
The healer then checked on Rora, but she didn’t find anything. 
Currently, Grace was with the Serafim, both of them was taking care of the children and helped people to move to the safety place, especially those elderly, just in case the war broke out tomorrow, they had prepared themselves for the worse. 
"There is nothing. She is fine," Grace said, which made Hanna sighed in relief. She had been very quiet since Iris went to the Goffa mountain. The look of anger on her missy’s face still etched on her memory, she was so scared to see her for the first time and could only hold Rora tightly. 
Hanna had never thought her kind missy was capable of being so enraged. Actually, it was frightening, especially when she could Aliana and the other warriors without even touching them. What kind of power her missy held? 
"Maybe she is only missing the luna," Grace said, she nudged Rora’s cheeks, she became a little bit chubbier now, though her body was still very small for a normal baby, since she was born almost two months early. "Oh!" Grace exclaimed, she was surprised. 
"What happened?" Hanna and Della immediately paid close attention to Rora when Grace looked surprised and they found out what made her reacted that way. 
"She has blue eyes!" Della and Hanna said at the same time and then the three of them giggled. 
This was the seventh of her life and now she her golden eyes had gradually faded away, which meant, the color of her eyes could be seen. 
"Heaven! Her blue eyes are so clear! She has bluer eyes than her mother!" Hanna said, she was fascinated to see Rora’s eyes. 
Right now, Rora had stopped crying, but she pouted her lips, as she stuffed her little fists into her mouth, while the three women gushed over her. 
After that, Grace returned to help the Serafim. Dellan then finished her food and after that breastfed Rora, while Adelle had fallen asleep. The sky had turned dark and despite how they kept a calm fa?ade, all of them dreaded tomorrow. 
Only a handful of people, who knew about what happened in the burial ground in the Goffa mountain and they had been restless. 
"What is that?" Hanna muttered when she stared at the sight out of the window. "Is that... fire? A lot of fire?" 
They could see how bright the sky at the east, where the sun supposed to be set. 
Della immediately went to see the window and widened her eyes. "Fire. The forest is on fire." 
Meanwhile baby Rora choked, she wriggled her body and started breathing heavily, but because Della and Hanna’s focus were on the fire, their mind was wondering the worse thing that could happen. The darker the day became, the more they turned listless because the alpha and luna had not yet returned. 
But now... the forest was on fire? What was going on?! 
================================= 
When Joel, Zephyr and the other warriors arrived at the burial ground, they were dumbstruck to see what had transpired there. 
Their luna stood beside the beast, while Jace and the other warriors surrounded them, but what made their jaw dropped was the fact of what Iris and Cane were doing. 
There were around fifty dead body of the beasts and blood stained the ground, some of the beast had their body still intact, but some of them just dropped dead, while the flames became wilder and bigger. 
They could see it from the distance, but when they came closer, the sight was truly terrifying! 
Not too far from them, there was this a single man, who stood haughtily while holding a woman with one hand, while his other hand stretched forward. 
Black tendrils flared from the black beast as it engulfed the flames, it looked like two kind of serpents were fighting against each other. 
While the fire couldn’t burn the black wisp, but the black wisp could redirect the flames, which was very surprising. 
Zephyr was breathless to watch this fight, it seemed, they didn’t come as the reinforcement, but as a spectator of how magnificent the power that the luna and the alpha held. 
"How...? This is..." Joel had shifted into his human form and voiced out what he was thinking because right now, he couldn’t find a word to describe of how beautiful the sight before his eyes. It was terrifyingly beautiful with the flames and the wisp danced in the air and the dead bodies of their enemies scattered on the ground. "They will be alright, right? There is nothing to be worried about, right?" 
That was what made the sight beautiful, because from the look of it, it was their enemy, who were in dire need of reinforcement. 
"Our luna is awesome, right?" Eron shifted into his human form too, as he enjoyed the sight the most. They forgot their purposed to rush here, as they witnessed the true power that was presented in front of him. 
Slowly, the shield that protected Dexter cracked and it didn’t take long before it shattered and a tendril in a shape of spike, immediately lunged toward Dexter, its aim was very obvious. It was going to kill both of them, piercing through their body. 
But all of sudden, there was an awn of purple light from their right side and the black wisp scattered like fog.
At the same time, the women in Dexter arms moved and she tilted her head to look at Iris with hatred in her eyes. 
Some of them had learned about Aria, though not all of them had seen her in person, but of course, to see her still alive like this when they had witnessed how she died miserably under thousand pair of eyes was completely shocking for them. 
"Iris! I am going to kill you! All of you!" Aria roared, this time she shifted her eyes from Iris toward Cane and for the first time, the way she stared at him didn’t lace with crazy love and adoration, it was actually a hatred. The hostility was so deep, until people could feel her enmity toward Cane. Probably, that was also the depth of her love for him. "I will make you all suffer!" 
Iris narrowed her eyes, she couldn’t feel Aria’s wolf, just like she thought. She was no longer have her wolf spirit, she couldn’t be said as a human as well. 
"I am going..." 
Before Aria could finish her sentence, Iris had thrown her white dagger toward her. If she couldn’t kill her by killing her spirit, she still could try it. 
But, her white dagger was expelled, it hurled back toward Iris when Dexter made a slashing movement. His eyes filled with malice when he aimed for her heart!
###Chapter 758: THE SAME CURSE!
Chapter 758: THE SAME CURSE!
"My Lord, why do you push thing too far to this point? You can destroy them all, with it..." Zeke glanced at the dark cave, where you would occasionally saw a pair of red eyes, flickering in the darkness. It would give you chill down your spine, because in a glance you would know this predator screamed calamity. "It is ready for you to use..." 
Zeke had been feeding all the monsters in the north with Asturi Stem, now this vicious predator had been woken up after a long deep slumber, the monsters gathered around because the creatures could feel it power. 
This was the perfect time for them to move their plan to the next level, but Decratic didn’t do it. He took everything very slow, as if he enjoyed this slow torture upon his enemy. 
"If we don’t take action immediately and they managed to get reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom once they are able to travel by the sea, we will have hard time." Zeke couldn’t follow Decratic’s line of thinking. 
Meanwhile, Decratic stared at the bleak sky with eerie smile curled on the corner of his lips. He looked like he was in a good mood. "Why in hurry?" He looked at his strong adherent. "Let’s enjoy this a little bit longer." Decratic closed his eyes and inhale with feeling. "I can feel her desperation..." he said that with a chuckle. "Once the sea is able for traveling, I want to see my worshippers too." 
With that, Zeke’s eyes lit up. He must have turned senile to forget that they had their own reinforcement. The worshippers! They would have been here if it was not winter. More so, two harbors in this continent were under Decratic’s control. 
"Yes, yes, you are right my lord! You are completely right!" There was the sight of delight in Zeke’s eyes when he finally set his worry at ease. 
However, Decratic didn’t heed his joy, because right now, there was this addictive feeling that he was sensing. The desperation, anger, helplessness and many more... this feeling was very addictive, he couldn’t help, but to push things further even more. 
He wanted to see her break, he wanted to feel her misery... he wanted it more. The more she felt this agony, the more he was elated. 
The bond between Decratic and the Serafim was real, the two of them were tied together by fate. This bond was something that none of them could understand. This was surreal and Decratic was drunk with the sensation and the thrill he got every time he felt how desperate she was... 
But, it was not enough. He wanted to feel more... he wanted to feel more of her desperation. He wanted to feel the same despair, grief and suffering like when Na lost Lu... 
Meanwhile, Zeke didn’t know what kind of thought that swarmed in his lord’s mind to make him be in such good mood, he talked more and even gave him an explanation for his action. From here, his lord looked like he was in serenity, despite how chaotic the other part of this continent was, or the fact they were in this untouched land, where many monsters lurked in the dark. 
"My lord... what is you real plan?" Zeke asked, as he realized the situation was not this simple. "Why do you ask Dexter to kill her... if you want her?" 
Decratic finally opened his eyes and smiled brilliantly at him. "Because he will not be able to do so." He knew there were countless people around that woman to protect her, Dexter’s lame attempt wouldn’t even make a scratch on her skin. "But... I have another gift for her..." 
Decratic had thought everything carefully and he took pleasure with his plot, he praised himself for this. 
"What do you mean?" Zeke furrowed his brows, he didn’t understand what he meant with that, but instead of answering him, Decratic bent his body and started laughing out loud, his voice echoed in this silent forest, startled all the living being there. 
Yet, instead of happiness, the sound of his laughter laced with ominous feeling that made your heart ill at ease by only hearing that. 
But, what Decratic’s gift for the Serafim? 
============================= 
Hanna’s grey beast dashed toward the safety place, where she could find Grace and the Serafim, while behind, two warriors followed her in their beast too, they looked in hurry and was agitated. 
She stumbled when she shifted into her human form when she saw the Serafim and Grace. She shouted on the top of her lungs, her voice was shaking, but it was clear enough for them to understand. 
"Please! Come! Something is wrong with baby Rora! Something is wrong with her!" Hanna screamed, she rushed toward Grace and Abby and took both of their hands to come with her. 
"Wh- what is wrong?" Grace startled, she just checked on Rora two hours ago and she was perfectly fine, so what was wrong now? 
Abby was confused too because Hanna took her hand to come with her. 
"The baby can’t breathe!" Hanna cried. "Her face turned blue!" Hanna talked incoherently, while the two warriors that came with her filled the gap and told them about the baby’s condition. 
Grace became alert, she immediately ran toward the pack house again, so did Abby, Liam followed behind her. 
But, before they could reach the alpha’s bedroom, they could see Della had ran toward them with Rora in her arms, while Amara and Tatiana came with her too. Babby Adelle was with Tatiana. Their expressions were ashen. 
"Grace! Grace!" Della decided to run here to save time, because she knew every second was important to save Rora. "I don’t know what happened to her, but she was suddenly unable to breath properly! Grace! What happened with her? I didn’t do anything!" 
"Tell me what is happening?!’ Grace immediately took baby Rora from Della’s arms, he was scared too! The baby had unique constitution like her mother, thus her healing power didn’t really have any effect on her, therefore if something really serious happened, it would be very tricky for Grace to do something. 
That was why, Hanna took the initiative to get Abby with them too. 
They were currently in the corridor and Rora’s cries echoed throughout the walls. Many warriors came because they heard her cry and tried to find out what happened. They were worried too! After all, she was the alpha’s firstborn, a baby that they had been waiting for long time. 
Not only the warriors, but Kaz and Maria, who happened to be nearby and heard her cry, came over as well, so did Amee and Grilla. 
"What happened with the baby?" Kaz asked, his face filled with concern. He, Maria, Amee and Grilla were supposed to head to safety place when they heard Rora’s cry. "What have you done to her?!" 
"Shut up, Kaz!" Hanna snapped at him. His presence was not welcomed here, especially if he was going to start with his tyrant. 
For once, Kaz shut his mouth, because he could see the important of the situation, as Grace examined the baby.
The baby cried so hard, as if she was in so much pain. 
Everyone grew very silent, waiting for Grace to say something about what was going on and what the cause of the baby to cry this loud. 
"What happened, Grace?" Amee finally asked, because the healer didn’t say a word after two painful minutes passed. 
"I don’t know..." Grace shook her head. She opened the swaddle that wrapped baby Rora and saw blotches of red color on her skin. 
The sight reminded Abby of something. "No way!" She immediately came closer. "Let me take a look!" Abby was terrified when she confirmed something. 
"Wh- what happened, Serafim?" Hanna was crying at this point, she was very afraid to see the look on the Serafim’s face, as if she was about to announce something very terrifying that they couldn’t bear. "What happened to her?" 
"The baby is cursed," Abby said, but what made her even more complicated was the fact this was the same curse that befell Laluna’s son. The same curse that she couldn’t dispel. "Send someone to get your luna back!" 
"If this is the curse, why don’t you dispel it?" Maria asked. She clutched her chest when she heard that. 
After all, the Serafim was here, what’s the point of calling the luna when she could help? 
"Please, cure her!" Kaz pleaded. 
=============================== 
The dagger was hurled back toward Iris, where Lou created shield that prevented it to reach her, but before it could come closer the tendril from the black beast had knocked it off to the side. 
Behind Dexter and Aria, the flames dissipated, as if it was a door that was opened for lady Cyan to step in. She was the one, who deflected the dagger that Iris threw at Aria. 
She was not young anymore, but the way she carried herself would make anyone to be on alert. Lady Cyan stared at Iris, while the latter remained unfazed. The flames reflected in her blue eyes. 
"What are you doing?! Go and kill them all! Kill them all!" Aria went insane. Now she realized she could never get Cane for herself, thus she wanted them to suffer! She wanted Cane to suffer too! She wanted them to feel the pain that she felt! 
Aria shoved Dexter aside, as she went to pick the dagger and was about to stab Cane by herself. If she couldn’t die, there was no one could stop her from killing him!
###Chapter 759: IT’S ABOUT TIME!
Chapter 759: IT’S ABOUT TIME!
Aria’s love for Cane had turned into an infatuation and then obsession, but now when all the rationality had gone, what’s left was a hatred, as deep as her love for him. 
Aria hated Cane for not reciprocated her feeling and chose this slut of Gerald’s daughter as his woman, as his mate, the luna of the pack! He even allowed her to carry his seed and give birth to his flesh and blood! Cane had tainted his own bloodline by taking his enemy’s daughter as his! 
There was no word that could explain what Aria felt right now. She was blinded and overwhelmed by this feeling and couldn’t think clearly, aside from her new mission to kill Cane! If they couldn’t be together in this lifetime, she wanted to be with him in the next! 
After Aria shoving Dexter aside, she went to get the dagger that had been thrown out and rushed toward the black beast. She was akin to a madwoman right now. 
However, before she could even get the dagger in her possession, thousand of lights engulfed her body and seeped into her skin. 
At first, Aria didn’t even care with such detail. In her mind she was mortal. Nothing could kill her, this light wouldn’t give any impact for her, but she was very wrong, because when she stretched out her hand, she watched in horror as it faded, like sand was being blown away by the wind, it started from the tip of her finger and reached her wrist to her elbow. 
Everything went so fast, in their shocked, no one reacted in time while they watched how Aria’s legs started to fade too. Like firewood ceased into ashes... 
"Arrggghh!!!" 
Aria’s shrieked snapped Dexter back to reality, as he dashed forward to safe Aria from this destruction any further. He took off his robe and wrapped it around her body so the lights wouldn’t touch her anymore, he carried her and retreated to Cyan’s side. 
"Go back! Get us out of here!" Dexter roared, his eyes were bloodshot red with panic and anger because his woman was being harmed, while Aria kept letting out a shrill shriek to feel she lost her arms and legs. She didn’t feel the pain, but to see her current condition was enough to frighten her. 
Meanwhile, Iris watched everything unfolded with cold eyes. 
Yes, she couldn’t kill Aria because she was no longer have her wolf spirit, but her entire body was reeked by black magic and it was her second nature to purify it. Aria’s life was sustained by black magic that Dexter performed, thus if all of that was being taken away, she would have nothing left. 
However, before Iris completely purified that woman, who always thought about her man, Dexter had taken her away. Lady Cyan had created a portal and got them out of there. 
"What... is that?" Lou was dumbstruck. "What just happened?" 
All of them were harbor the same shock like the merchant, but it was finally Jace, who reminded them of their current predicament. 
By this time, all the beast had shifted back into their human form. 
Cane pulled Iris into his arms and hugged her, as she rested her weight on him. Only now, she felt this exhaustion. She felt like she was going to lose her consciousness. After all, the black magic on Aria was very strong, the strongest that she had ever felt this far, thus it drained her energy immensely, especially when she had just still sustained the Sylph to protect their pack house earlier. 
Iris closed her eyes and let Cane hugged her. 
"We need to put out this fire first," Cane said coldly. Right now, a good area of the forest had been burned. 
If they didn’t deal with the fire, it could burn the entire mountain and left them in more dire situation, since their pack was close to Goffa mountain. The fire would implicate their pack the first thing. 
"You, take her back to the pack hous," Cane said, with his remark, all of them realized, there was someone else there too. 
Jace and Lou caught Zephyr and the other warriors that he brought with him. They were startled when the alpha spotted them. 
"What is this? Did you come to be onlookers?" Lou sneered. "Did you enjoy the show?" 
Otis growled at him, but the rest simply ignored his snarky remark, since they indeed didn’t do anything, aside from watching everything unfolded. 
"Come, luna, I will take you back to the pack," Joel said respectfully. This young warrior became more and more mature, he looked like a full grown up warrior now. 
However, Iris shook her head, she hugged Cane tightly. Didn’t want to let go, as she stared at the rubbles of the entrance of the family pack’s tomb, her heart was hurt so bad because she could no longer see her baby anymore. Her baby would be forever buried under that cave. 
There was this agony in her heart that she couldn’t describe, she felt like she was losing her baby again, as if she had failed her baby for the second time now. 
"Cane... they destroyed it..." Iris said in pitiful voice. "They are so cruel to destroy it." 
Cane said nothing, but holding tightly on her. He suppressed his emotions and rage, so he could take care of his mate. Iris was not really stable since they lost their baby and what happened now must be a hard blow for her. 
Cane waved his hand to Joel and the young warrior retreated. He instructed Lou to stay and think of a way how to put out the fire, as he carried Iris back to the pack house. He let the merchant to assume as the person in charge, leaving the warriors to help him. 
"I am sorry," the alpha said, though he didn’t elaborate why he was apologizing. 
Maybe he was sorry because he was not able to protect their baby and cause her pain, or maybe he was sorry because he was not strong enough to make things right for them. 
There were a lot of things for him to be sorry. 
"How am I supposed to put out the fire?!" Lou growled, but Cane and Iris had gone. "Hey!" Lou became frustrated, especially when all the warriors that surrounded him stared at him with expectant eyes. 
"So? How you will put out the fire?" Jace asked. 
"How do I know?!" Lou was annoyed. He hated to be put responsible for something that he didn’t do. 
In the end, they had to go back to the pack house and called for the remaining twelve magic users to think of a way to stop the fire from burning the entire mountain. 
Sabian was called to come too and Lou leave the old man in charge of everything, as he rushed back to the pack house. 
In the end, it was Sabian, the twelve magic users and Jace, also some warriors, who tried to completing the task. 
However, their nightmare didn’t end up only there, because once they returned to the pack house... another dreadful news reached them. 
============================== 
"Can’t we kill her?" Alpha Nolan asked, agitated because he couldn’t get his son. 
Redmond threw a nasty look at the alpha from the Winter Moon pack. What else he was thinking after he provoking Cane? Did he really believe Cane would give up his son after he destroyed his family’s tomb. What an idiot! 
Of course, Redmond didn’t say it out loud. He only stayed there to enjoy the screaming from inside the tent, where Aria was wasting her breath to screech on the top of her lungs like a banshee. He was not sure what happened, that’s why he hung around to know more about the detail what the cause of that supposed to be dead woman to pollute the air with her screaming. 
Currently they were back in the barack, where Redmond managed to drag alpha Nolan’s sorry ass back here after the brilliant idea of Aria to destroy the family tomb. 
"Why don’t you kill her so we can regain some peace?!" Alpha Gallot was angry as well. 
However, Lady Cyan didn’t give them a definitive answer, because she was also clueless why Dexter didn’t kill that woman and was infatuated by her. More so, father sent massage to not do anything reckless against Aria. 
That was the order from Decratic. 
And miles away from there, Zeke had the same question to his master. "My lord, what the use of that woman? That woman only blinded Dexter. She is nothing but a burden now her purpose to live has been fulfilled." 
Decratic sneered, he looked to enjoy this moment, as he sat on a big rock and stared at the gloomy sky, while in the distance, you could hear the howling of countless monsters. They should have been hibernating right now, but that didn’t happen. 
"She is still useful..." Decratic murmured. 
"What the use of her?" Zeke couldn’t understand. In his eyes, that woman didn’t have any use anymore. 
"She is still useful..." Decratic only repeated what he said. "Let them kill her instead." 
Of course, Aria was very useful, but not in the way Zeke expected, because of Aria, there was a certain someone, who harbored a deep hatred toward Iris, someone who wanted to hurt her so bad because of the pain he was feeling right now. 
"Ah, it is about time..." Decratic sighed with feeling, as he grinned from ear to ear. "This will be a fantastic feeling!"
###Chapter 760: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED
Chapter 760: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED
"You must to kill them! You have to kill them all! You have to!" Aria cried so hard in Dexter’s arms, her red eyes were bloodshot, as she stared into the darkness. She had been crying for hours, but she could continue for more hours. 
Meanwhile, Dexter simply held the woman in his arms silently, but in this darkness, you could see in his eyes how he was seething in rage! His eyes filled with vengeance! 
Aria lost her arms and legs! 
Because of what Iris had done, she missed her arm to her her elbows, while her legs, she lost it until her knees. She was crippled! 
And not only that, because of the divine power that Iris used on her, even Dexter couldn’t grow them back. This was beyond him. He couldn’t do anything to fix this woman. 
"I promise. I promise I will destroy them..." Dexter vowed silently. He meant every word he said. That woman had made his woman suffered and he would give her the agony that Aria had to go through a thousand times! 
His black heart filled with so much hatred right now. 
"You must make her cripple like me! You must cut her limbs off!" 
"I will. I will do it," Dexter promised her again and again, he swore to do what she wanted him to do to Iris and let Aria watched her suffering. "Don’t worry. It’s only a matter of time..." 
"I want you to make Cane suffered too." Aria closed her eyes, tears streamed down her face, as she could feel the pain in her heart. She lost everything to her! It was only right for Iris to feel her misery. 
"I will." Dexter laid Aria down on the makeshift bed when she was already calm down enough and started peppering her with kisses. 
Aria didn’t realize it at first, because she was too caught up with her emotions, but then when Dexter started to roam her body and pulled away her dress, she became alerted. 
"No... no...!" Aria said, she knew what he wanted. He always did this whenever he wanted her. 
"Aria... Aria..." Dexter called her name softly against her ear, as he kissed her neck down to her collarbones, but Aria tried to reject her like she always did. 
Yet, like usual, Dexter always got his way with her. He captured her lips with his, as he plunged his tongue into her mouth to shut down her refusal, as he enjoyed her body. 
When Aria still had her arms and legs, she couldn’t refuse him. The best she could was to showing how nasty he was for what he had done, even more now when she didn’t even have the strength to push him away. Her mind and heart were a mess. It would be great if she could numb her feeling and got over this disgusting feeling that gnawed on her skin every time Dexter touched her. 
But, she couldn’t. She couldn’t refuse him. 
"Aria... Aria, I want you..." Dexter said softly, as he groped her body. 
How wrong she was to think Dexter didn’t want her anymore and wouldn’t do this again to her after he saw how disgusting her body right now, but no. He still wanted her, he still worshipped her. He still lusted over her. 
Aria wanted to struggle, but in the end, she stayed still, as she stared at the ceiling of their tent. She was completely still like a log. 
Her body was there, but her mind was no longer intact with her body, thus it wouldn’t pain her with whatever Dexter was going to do. Even when he entered her roughly, there was no change on Aria’s expression, since in her mind, she was not here. 
She was not being assaulted by Dexter, where this man could touch her body as he pleased. She was not here. 
Her mind took her back to the peaceful moment in her life when she was introduced to miss Leane and became her personal maid at the age of ten. She followed her around because she was very nice to her and no one had ever treated her as nice as her... 
She was not here... 
She was not in this crappy tent, being an for Dexter to draw a pleasure from her. 
She was not there... 
=============================== 
"My lady! My lady! Princess!" Asa came running into the room when she heard the news, but she halted her step for a while when the first thing she noticed was baby Vemion cried his heart out, but Laluna didn’t really care with him. 
The poor baby was left on the carpet, on the floor, while Laluna watching him, but she was brooding, it was clear to see she had something else to think about and the cry from her own son didn’t even reach her. 
"What is it?" Laluna stared at Vemion’s wet nurse with a glare, she was annoyed because her time was disturbed. 
They supposed to be in the safety place, as they needed to take precaution for the battle tomorrow, but the safety place was filled with those mere pack members and was not comfortable enough for someone with status like her. 
More so, Iris and a few people still stayed behind, therefore, why would she need to spend tonight in that dirty place when she was the mother of the future king? They should treat her better. 
"This is... this is disaster!" Asa said, she was out of breath when she finally stood in front of Laluna, but she was distracted by the crying Vemion. 
"Tell me what is it!?" Laluna growled at her because she disrupted her line of thought, but now she was hesitated and when Asa wanted to get Vemion, Laluna grabbed her arm. "Tell me what is it?" she asked in more vicious tone. She was not in a good mood. 
Asa startled because Laluna accidentally clawed her, but she immediately regained her composure and told her what was going on. 
"The luna’s baby is cursed!" Asa said with concern in her eyes. 
"Curse?" Laluna furrowed her brows when she heard that. How could that precious baby, who was guarded very tightly was being cursed? 
"But, do you know what, princess?" Asa looked helpless and looked like she wanted to cry. "It’s the same curse that Vemion had. Poor baby..." 
It was Asa, who would take care of Vemion whenever he was in pain and cried himself to sleep, thus she knew how much painful it was for a baby to go through such torture. 
But, Laluna’s reaction made Asa startled, because she was actually laughing. She laughed so loud, it beat Vemion’s cry. She bent her body, as tear rolled down her cheeks. What Asa said sounded like the funniest joke she had ever heard and this was the first time she laughed genuinely. 
"Karma! She got karma!" Laluna said that a few times more. 
In her mind, Iris and her baby deserved that after how lofty she was to heal her son, especially her bold request to have one of her pack’s treasures; the white diamond tiger. 
"Karma got her!" she looked like a crazy woman, who was laughing upon hearing a baby’s misery. 
Meanwhile, Asa went to pick baby Vemion and try to calm him down. She was not a good person either, but it bothered her to see how Laluna turned out. In the past she was not this bitter person, but right now, she was outright vicious and cruel. 
Yet, there was no way Asa would voice it out and risked her own life to offend her, in that case, she could only comfort Vemion. 
The baby in her arms stretched out his little arms toward his mother with face filled with tears, he wanted his mother, but unfortunately, his mother didn’t want him... 
============================ 
Iris was exhausted, every inch of her body screamed for her to get some rest, but she couldn’t because right before her eyes, people gathered and looked at her weirdly. 
It was not a hatred or agitation that she felt from them, but a pity... why would they pity her for? 
Among the people, it was Hanna, who approached Iris and grabbed her hands. She said something incoherently. 
Meanwhile, Cane sensed something was off, especially to see the baby in the Serafim’s arms. From it swaddle he knew it was his baby. Why would the Serafim hold his baby? 
His ears rang and he turned numb by the way people stared at him, but his body moved on its own, as if this was the right thing to do. 
The alpha stood in front of the Serafim, as she handed the baby quietly. "I am sorry," she said regretfully. 
But, sorry for what? 
Cane felt this heavy feeling again, like when he carried his dead daughter. How the baby that supposed to weight nothing became very heavy in his arms. 
The alpha cradled his baby, but his whole body was shaking, as he stared at his daughter and caressed her ruddy cheeks. Cane lifted her baby and nudged her, but no reaction... he couldn’t even hear her soft heartbeat. 
Meanwhile, Iris stared at Hanna, who was crying so hard, asking for forgiveness and all the people around, who had their head hung so low. Iris couldn’t understand why they were like this. 
Why they were being very dramatic? Iris couldn’t get it. 
"I am sorry, miss..." Hanna apologized. 
The skies were intact, the earth had not yet split even all of the Ogregon Continent was alive, yet Iris and Cane’s world had already collapsed.
###Chapter 761: THE WORLD COLLAPSED (2)
Chapter 761: THE WORLD COLLAPSED (2)
"WHAT DO YOU MEAN WITH THIS?!" Alpha Nolan roared. Mad not even a word that could describe what he felt right now. "HOW CAN YOU LET THIS HAPPEN!?" His face was very red. 
He was fuming and destroyed everything that he could touch, while alpha Gallot stood in the distance, seemingly didn’t want to get involved in this matter, while alpha Nolan vented out his wrath toward lady Cyan. 
Enraged was an understatement for what he was feeling. Because he really wanted to march toward the Howling Wolf fortress and razed the place, killed every single member of that pack and let their blood dyed the street. He was going to fuck his mate and every woman in the pack, but it was not enough! That was not enough! 
"Can you calm down?" lady Cyan asked, facing the outrage of the alpha, she looked more bored than afraid. She crossed her arms and waited until he could speak properly to her, this was the nicest thing she would do to accommodate alpha Nolan. 
However, as lady Cyan was not very generous with her time and her patient was not really great to deal with his nonsense. 
"IT’S ALL BECAUSE OF YOU! BECAUSE OF YOU HE KILLED MY SON!" Alpha Nolan threw a bowl toward lady Cyan, but Redmond caught it in time before it could hit her face. 
In spite of Redmond’s help, lady Cyan actually didn’t need that because she could handle this alpha by herself just fine. 
She stared dagger and alpha Nolan, who was wailing and barking, cursing everything that he saw, especially lady Cyan. 
"YOU STUPID BASTARD! YOU PROMISED ME MY SON WILL BE SAFE! YOU SLUT!" Alpha Nolan rushed toward lady Cyan, he wanted to strangle her to death and the killing intent in his eyes was very apparent. "YOU LET THEM KILLED MY SON AND YOU DIDN’T DO ANYTHING!" 
Lando was dead. Amara and Tatiana were dead too. Their heads were stuck on the spikes on the Howling Wolf pack’s fortress for him to see! 
"MY SON IS DEAD! MY SON IS DEAD! YOU SLUT!" 
Alpha Nolan charged forward, killing intent in his eyes. Redmond was ready to block him from hurting lady Cyan, but before he could do so, she already waved her hand and knocked him away from her sight. 
"It’s Cane who killed your son, why do you blame me for that?" lady Cyan asked, her voice was lazy, as if she didn’t have time to deal with this nonsense. "Go and talk to him if you are feeling angry, why would you vent your frustration on me?" lady Cyan came closer toward alpha Nolan, her eyes were sharp enough to see through your heart. "If you want to avenge your son, kill him. Do it like you said earlier to his pack member, to the people that he loved and avenge your son." 
Lady Cyan was ruthless enough with her words, but this was part of what Decratic told her. She was surprised to actually see how her master’s plan worked so well. Every piece fell into the right place, just like what he expected. 
Filling with indignation, alpha Nolan roared angrily. 
Currently they were in the middle of the tents, surrounded by their warriors and almost thirty percent of the warriors there hailed from Winter Moon pack, of course they were also enraged for their future heir to be killed mercilessly. 
And with Cane stuck their head on the spikes for them to see it was simply a humiliation! They needed to take revenge! 
Right now, it was already four hours since they hanged their heads and the sky gradually turned brighter, while the pale sunlight touched the horizon. 
On the other hand, inside the Howling Wolf pack, there was a raging storm that swept them into a deep depression and misery after the news about how the alpha and luna’s only daughter had passed. 
The atmosphere was very heavy and everyone was wrapped in gloomy mood, none of them were in the mood to talk, as they kept quiet and mourned the loss of the baby. 
What happened when Cane and Iris learned about their baby was a little bit blur, because everything escalated very fast, it was hard to recall in detail about what had transpired. 
But the moment Grace stated baby Rora was no longer with them, that was the time where Amara and Tatiana went berserk, they looked like they were being possessed and started blabbering something that could raise your hair to no end. 
They admitted their crimes for cursing the baby with powerful curse that was enough to kill Rora almost in an instant. This was even more powerful than the one baby Vemion had to endure, but the way they talked and the way they phrased their words were so strange, as if they were not in their right mind. 
"They are being mind controlled." 
That was what the Serafim said. Mind control was not a black magic, it was an ability, same like how not all magic user could create portal. 
However, most of Decratic’s worshippers were mind controller. 
And right now, it was obvious that Tatiana and Amara were being controlled. The suggestion must have been given ever since they were sent to Cane. They must not realize it too, as they acted normally until something triggered them and they started to finish the suggestion that was given to them. 
After all, the idea to send the two women to Cane came from Decratic, and Dexter relayed the idea to alpha Nolan. This was a well crafted plot. 
Tatiana and Amara’s confession suddenly stopped, as they dropped dead, with their eyes opened wide. All of the people shrieked to see this, thinking they died because their purposed to harm the baby had been fulfilled, but only Cane knew what actually was going on. 
The alpha’s eyes fixed on his mate and he was certain about his conjecture. 
However, when all of them still not recovered from the sudden death of Amara and Tatiana, Lando approached the luna and stabbed her on her thigh. The wound was not enough to harm her, but it set the alpha ballistic, he was seeing red, he clawed the boy away from his mate. Took a good chunk of his flesh. 
But, it was Zale, who came from the crowd and killed him when he was still moving. Zale stuck his claws against Lando’s neck and slit his throat. 
Everything happened in less than three minutes, where their mind was racing to keep up with all the things that was happening. 
This was too much, chaos broke out. 
Stone grabbed Zale and stopped him from tearing apart Lando’s small body because he was furious, since he had harmed the luna. The young boy showed his brutal side. 
Hanna took baby Rora from Cane’s arms, her body was still warm, but she was no longer breathing and they had tried their best to save her to no avail. 
Maria was wailing, Amee was crying and Grilla was too shocked to speak. 
While the alpha took the luna to the nearby bedroom for Grace to check on her, Iris herself didn’t say anything. Her gaze was empty, as she stared at her bleeding thigh. She didn’t feel the pain at all. She couldn’t feel it... 
"Grace..." Iris called her with her hoarse and weak voice. 
"Y- yes, luna..." Grace answered her between her sobs, while Cane had left the room to get his baby back. 
"When I can breastfeed my baby again? I am fine now, I don’t need to drink my medicine," Iris said, she stared at the healer, but all Grace could see was only emptiness. 
She was not fine. Iris was completely not fine. 
"Luna Iris..." Grace started to cry, but even when Iris watched Grace’s tearful face, she didn’t change her expression when she spoke again. 
"When I can breastfeed my babies? They must be missing me..." 
============================== 
Decratic inhale and exhale, as if there was particular fragrance in the air that caused his lips quirked up. He felt very energetic with every despair that came from her. 
"A little bit more..." Decratic muttered to himself. His face lit up, he was beaming and probably this was the first time for Zeke to truly stare at his grandson’s face in detail. 
Since Decratic used his son’s face, he was thrill and was very proud. He liked to imagining the master that he served was actually really his grandson. In a twisted way, it was not wrong either... 
"Everything will fall apart a little bit more..." Decratic murmured. He looked very giddy. "Zeke." 
"Yes, my lord?" Zeke immediately came to his side, lowering his head in submission. "Is there something that you need?" 
"Call Derick and Cezi," Decratic ordered. "I want them to send reinforcement for Kellan and after they killed Colter, send them to the south. We are going to have a great celebration by the end of this winter." 
Zeke couldn’t understand what Decratic meant, but he did like what he was told. 
Cezi was not happy when he he heard that, but his father’s face turned ashen. He was shaking because the emotions overwhelmed him. 
"Bring my warriors to march toward the south?" Derick repeated what Dexter said. He stared at him as if he had grown two heads. 
"The king wanted you to be the reinforcement for prince Kellan and after that, you two will march toward Howling Wolf pack." 
"The two of us? Prince Kellan agreed to that?" Derick was stunned, he couldn’t believe his ears.
###Chapter 762: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED (3)
Chapter 762: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED (3)
The question that Iris had asked to Abby was; what happened if all the swords were broken? They didn’t know what the answer, because there was no record for that. All the record about the history of Serafim and Decratic came from the first Serafim and it was Na, who created the five swords. 
Therefore, Na didn’t need the five swords to sustain her power. 
But now, they would get the exact answer for that question and it was; the divine power that the Serafim had would disappear too. 
What Abby had guessed was not wrong. A Serafim without her divine power would still be a Serafim, but what the used of her if it was her divine power that could destroy Decratic? 
That was what Decratic aimed, that was what he wanted. 
He wanted the Serafim for himself, but he feared her divine power that could kill him. 
That was what this elaborated plot for. 
He hurt her little by little, built the pain and agony and turned her to be a bitter person, eroded her kindness and crushed every hope she had for a better world. 
Decratic wanted her heart to feel the pain and hatred, enmity and hostility for people around her, the disappointment for them. And once the five swords had broken completely and her heart was filled with nothing but animosity, she would come to his side. 
In a way, the Serafim was already on his side once her heart was no longer ’pure’. That was Decratic goal, behind the reason for all of his action and decision. 
And now, he got what he wanted... 
He couldn’t be happier than this. 
Na knew her purpose, she was well aware of the consequences once her heart filled with nothing, but hatred and bitterness, she knew her duty as the Serafim, thus when Decratic created a plot and made all the people to burn Lu alive, killed him, so Na would hate the people that she supposed to protect, it didn’t break her completely, because she understood Decratic was behind everything that happened and it would be her lost if she reacted the way Decratic wanted. 
It took long time for Na to recover and clear her mind, kept her heart pure, but she got her control back. 
However, the same thing didn’t happen with Iris. 
============================ 
If Derick had to go to the battlefield, It meant he would meet with Cane there and he didn’t want it became the first time for him to meet with his former bestfriend’s son. 
More so, how could Kellan agree to this? 
"I want to speak with prince Kellan first!" Derick demanded, while Dexter only saw him with his cold eyes. "Did he really agree to this?" 
"You can talk to him once you met with him in Diandem pack," Dexter said and then turned around, ending the conversation. He only came here to deliver the information and whether he would accept it or not, alpha Derick knew better. "Remember your daughter." That was the last thing Dexter said before he disappeared from alpha Derick and Cezi’s sight. 
Arella was Kellan’s mate and if something happened to the prince, his daughter would have a hard time to survive in the palace. 
Let alone in the palace, his daughter was literally in the hand of the king, her life depended on the loyalty Derick showed to the sovereign. 
Cezi understood the situation too and he was very angry, but he didn’t know to whom this anger was directed to. 
And miles away from the Celestial Moon pack, the Howling Wolf pack opened their fortress, all of their warriors stood in front of the gates. 
The shifter had shifted into their beast and the knights had unsheathed their swords, while the alpha and the leader of the Holy Knights stood in front of them, leading their people for this battle. 
They were enraged, you could feel their wrath in the air. The death of the alpha’s only daughter was what fueled them. They were blinded by anger and deafened by agony. 
The baby was the only joy for them in this nasty battle, but she was snatched away from them under their nose, despite how tight the protection was given. 
But of course, everything that he felt couldn’t be compared to what Iris had gone through right now. 
"I am going to kill you, Cane!" alpha Nolan roared from the distance. His eyes were bloodshot red when he watched his son’s head on the spike, along with the other two of his daughters. "I AM GOING TO MAKE YOU SUFFER!" 
Jace was among the beast, he stood behind the alpha with Ethan and Aliana by his sides, they were in their beast form. 
The beta remembered it was Cane himself, who had decapitated the three of them, since they were already death, but the look on his eyes were something that would haunt him for the rest of his life. 
There was nothing, but emptiness in the alpha’s eyes. He didn’t flinch, neither he showed any emotions, despite knowing the three of them were under mind controlling power and their action were out of their control. At the very least, Cane could let their body intact, but no, he didn’t show a tidbit of compassion. 
As if he had lost all of his rationality. 
But then, who wouldn’t if you were in his shoes? 
Losing one of your babies was hard enough, going through her funeral and had to bury her, but then even their burial ground was destroyed and now, Iris and Cane had to go through the same process again when they thought they had a little bit happiness with their baby. 
They were willing to fight for a better future for their baby. 
But, that hope had been crushed down completely. 
This pain might not be this painful if they lost the babies at the same time, but it was very agonizing when you thought you have a little bit hope and hang onto it, only to end with your last hope was being snatched away from you ruthlessly. 
That’s why, hope was a scary thing, it like a double edge sword. 
And Decratic knew about it very well and played well with it. 
"YOU ARE A BAD LUCK FOR PEOPLE AROUND YOU!" Alpha Nolan couldn’t stop with his rampant. "FIRST, YOU KILLED MY DAUGHTER AND THEN YOU CAUSED YOUR PACK MEMBER TO DIE TOO AND YOUR BABIES’ DEATH IS ALL BECAUSE OF YOU! YOU BRING MISFORTUNE, YOU JINXED ALL THE PEOPLE AROUND YOU AND SOON, YOUR MATE WILL ALSO BE DEAD!" Alpha Nolan roared, his face had turned so black. "I WILL KILL YOUR MATE RIGHT BEFORE YOUR EYES!" 
Meanwhile, Cane heard everything, but there was no slightest change on his expression whatsoever, as he walked steadily toward alpha Nolan’s side. 
"Alpha Cane, what are you doing?!" Cedric was alerted, but Lou held him back. The merchant shook his head. 
"Let him," Lou said. There was no trace of his witty side. Like the rest of them, he could feel the pain that Iris and Cane had to go through right now. 
"He is going to die if he kept going!" Cedric retorted. 
"He is not suicidal!" Lou glared at him, which made the knight clamped his mouth. 
At the very least, Lou knew, even if Cane wanted to die, he was going to bring down as many people as he could with him. There was no way he was going to die alone foolishly. 
And the closer Cane got to alpha Nolan’s party, the more all of them became eager to attack him. After all, Cane had walked half way toward them. He was in the middle of both parties. 
"ATTACK!" Alpha Gallot was impatient, as he took the leadership and issued an order to attack, eager to get his hand on Cane, though alpha Nolan was still hesitated because lady Cyan told him not to do anything without her remark, thus he only vented out his furor. 
But, alpha Gallot took the matter into his hand and ordered to attack, as he shifted into his beast and all the warriors followed behind him to start the attack. 
Seeing that, all the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack and the Knights rushed to get there as well, since Cane wouldn’t be able to survive if their enemy reached him first. 
But, what the alpha did was something that they didn’t expect. 
Cane didn’t look panic, neither he feared thousand of warriors came to his way with killing intent that strong enough to make everyone staggered. 
All he did was fishing out something from inside the pocket of his pants and dropped it to the ground. His eyes fixed on his enemies, as he raised his foot and crushed it. 
That was the stone that was kept by Haco. That was the stone that the sorcerer kept with him and was insisted to take when they were being attacked in Diandem pack. Haco forgot about the function of the stone and why he created it in the first place, but in his subconsciousness, he knew it was very important and crucial. 
Therefore, at that time, he risked everything to get it. 
And what happened next when the stone was crushed under Cane’s feet made everyone flabbergasted, because almost all the warriors that alpha Gallot led, shifted back into their human form and writhed in pains, blood oozed out from their orifices. 
Right at the same time, Redmond moved very quick and slit lady Cyan’s throat before she could use her power. Blood came from the wound on her neck...
###Chapter 763: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED (4)
Chapter 763: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED (4)
Haco happened to give Cane a poison, something that he said Iris wanted him to make out of impulse, which later on, his mate told him about the grievances she felt and didn’t really mean it. Especially when Oliver had died. 
However, because the poison had been made, it would be a waste if Cane didn’t use it for his own benefit, especially with the uniqueness of the poison. 
It was a slow acting poison that could be fatal, only if it was triggered. To put it simple, like an allergy, you had it, but it wouldn’t be a trouble if you didn’t come in contact with the source of your allergies. 
This poison was the same like that. 
Knowing this unique poison that Haco created could benefit him, Cane asked the sorcerer to make more, which was not easy with his current condition, but in the end, Haco managed to do it. 
Ever since in the beginning, Cane entrusted Redmond to poison all of their enemy’s warrior. But, even that task was a little bit complicated, since they couldn’t come in contact. There would be no communication whatsoever between them and Redmond could change his mind in any moment. 
That wouldn’t be only their adversity, because when Redmond was with them, he had to convince them that he was one hundred percent on their side. Gained their trust was not a small challenge, it was a great deal that could put Redmond’s life in danger too. 
That was why, Redmond kept telling Cane that he could turn to be a traitor during this mission. 
But now, when Cane crushed the stone beneath his feet and a certain fragrance was released in the air from that stone, which triggered the poison that had been given prior, Cane knew Redmond had done his job well. 
More than half of the warriors immediately dropped death to the ground, while the rest writhed in pain, blood oozed out from their orifices, as they were breathing heavily, trying to hold back their pain, but some of them couldn’t. 
The spread of the poison was uneven, but that was enough to prove how deadly the poison made by Haco was. 
The matter in the black market also had been discussed beforehand, but Aria’s existence was something that neither Cane nor Redmond expected. But, because there was no way for Redmond to let Cane knew, he could only give a meaningful look to him when they met in the black market a few months ago. Of course, it didn’t help much. 
However, aside from that unexpected variable, their plan worked well. 
"What is going on? What happened?" Cedric asked in bewilderment to watch their opponent fell to the ground. 
Both parties stopped advancing forward, while Cane’s people did that because of shock, since only a handful of people knew about this plan, the other party did that because they were dead or dying. 
However, the same thing didn’t happen to alpha Nolan and alpha Gallot, both of them were perfectly fine, so did lady Cyan. 
Yet, Redmond had taken care of lady Cyan first. He only had one chance to strike and he chose the strongest and the more bothersome among the three, since Aria didn’t even important enough to be put into Redmond’s calculation. 
In Redmond’s eyes, Aria was only a living bundle of meat that couldn’t die. Annoying to the extreme. 
"Y- you...!?" Lady Cyan growled, you could see how she was gurgling, choking in her own blood, as her body collapsed to the ground. 
But, Redmond’s cut was not deep enough, so her neck still etched on her body. She was crawling on the snowy ground, leaving red traces in her wake, while Redmond stood there, enjoying the sight. 
"What have you done?!" Alpha Gallot roared, while alpha Nolan was dumbstruck to watch countless warriors, thousands of them died in a mere second. This was not what they expected, this was not how they planned to deal with Cane. 
In reality, it was Cane, who dealt with them. The alpha had planned everything since the very beginning. He considered all the small detail and took precaution of all the variable that might happened, everything that he could think of. 
He tried his best to reduce the death on his side, but still, after all the pain he had to take and how he had wrecked his brain to protect his people to the best of his ability... the lost that he had to endure was missed from his calculation. 
"Y- you... you are a traitor!" Alpha Nolan pointed his accusatory finger toward Redmond, he was shaking, his words were trembling, while the red hair warriors only grinned at him, looking satisfied enough with his deception. 
Redmond raised his brows. "I am not. It is only that I am too smart for you to be fooled by me." He couldn’t stop grinning from ear to ear, while glancing at lady Cyan, who was trying to crawl her way out and Aria, who was screaming bloody murder from inside the carriage when she realized what was going on. 
Without her arms and legs, she couldn’t move. 
"You kill your fellow warriors!" Alpha Nolan barked. 
"My fellow warriors? I don’t even consider them my fellow comrad." Redmond still remembered what they had done to the children and the women from the previous pack.
Yes, it was not the first time for Redmond to witness such scene, since alpha Gerald and Mason had done the same thing in the past too. 
But maybe, after following Cane for some time, he now realized how sick it was. 
"I am going to kill you!" Alpha Gallot snarled, he immediately shifted into his beast and attacked Redmond. He aimed to kill him for his betrayal! 
Redmond immediately shifted into his beast too and charged toward him. His movement was swift and precise when he clawed the alpha’s stomach. 
Alpha Gallot must have forgotten that he was a warrior, a battle hardened warrior, someone who spent almost his entire life to fight, he was born for that, while alpha Gallot indulged himself in women’s bosom and between their legs, Redmond grew up by killing his way to be the leader of the Blue Moon pack warrior. 
Soon enough, the knights charged forward to kill those warriors, who were still alive. They were hard to kill because of the black magic, but it seemed, Haco’s poison was more potent, though there were still hundred of them were dying. 
In the end, all the knights and warriors looked around for the survival and killed them all. 
Meanwhile, Cane walked toward the massacre steadily. He was not in hurry and the first person that he approached was lady Cyan, who was still struggling to breath, she held her almost cut off neck, while widened her eyes at Cane. 
Jace and Ethan had secured alpha Gallot and alpha Nolan for Cane to deal with them later. 
"Good job, brother," Jace said to Redmond, he hit his shoulder. 
"I don’t remember I have an ugly sibling like you." Redmond frowned, but Ethan didn’t heed his remark. 
"I know this is the perfect job for you." 
Redmond scoffed. "Don’t tell me that you didn’t have a single doubt." 
"Of course, not," Ethan lied blatantly through his teeth. 
In the meantime, Lou was dumbfounded. He didn’t know what was going on and how these people died. Less than an hour ago, he thought, he was going to die in this battlefield and had even said his ’goodbye’ to Sabian. 
But, what was going on? 
However, seeing Ethan and Jace didn’t look very surprised, he realized almost in an instant that everything had been planned by Cane. "That man is insane..." Lou muttered to himself. 
The merchant stared at Cane, who was staring down at the dying lady Cyan, while the warriors and the knights skimmed the perimeter of this area and found Aria, who was still screaming inside the carriage. They were shocked to see her condition, but left her there to scream as long as she wanted. 
Cane crouched down, he looked at lady Cyan with cold eyes. It was very scary to see him being very quiet like this. He looked like even if the sky fell apart, it wouldn’t change his facial expression. 
"You curse my baby." 
That was not a question, but a statement. Even if it was not lady Cyan who had done it, it didn’t mean, she would leave unscathed. She might not be able to leave at all... 
"You mind controlled those people and killed my baby." 
Cane took lady Cyan’s arm and cut it with his claw. It was a clean cut. Lady Cyan couldn’t scream and wish she could die right there and then, but Cane didn’t allow her. 
"Call Grace," Cane ordered one of the warriors, who rushed toward the pack and returned with the healer. "I want you to keep her alive until I am done with her." 
Grace felt like she wanted to cry. She was terrified to see lady Cyan’s state right now, especially when she had to be in close proximity with her, so she needed to witness all the sick thing that Cane did to her. 
"You cursed my daughter with this hand, hm?" Cane took lady Cyan’s other hand and cut it off as well. Now, without both of her arms, she wouldn’t be able to perform any magic anymore. 
"Kill me!" Lady Cyan screamed, she glared viciously at Cane and Grace, who kept her alive to go through this torture. 
But then, Cane gauged her eyes.
###Chapter 764: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED (5)
Chapter 764: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED (5)
The sound of it was very sickening and Grace had to close her eyes, but even so, she couldn’t ward off the disturbing sight and had to excuse herself to throw up, empty her stomach. 
However, the alpha called her over to keep lady Cyan alive. How she could keep her alive when the alpha kept trying to kill her in the most horrendous way? 
Ethan felt bad for Grace to have to endure this, but seeing Cane right now, it was not the right time to argue with him. 
"He couldn’t do this, he needs to kill her right away!" Cedric said, even for him, the sight was really disturbing and he wanted this to end immediately. 
However, Jace stopped him. "Stay away from this. This is the alpha’s problem." 
"This is our problem too!" Cedric insisted. 
"I don’t see how this is your problem when you didn’t even do enough to help if this is really yours." Jace hinted to the fact the Holy Kingdom’s unwillingness to cooperate with them about the problem with the Decratic was one of the reasons why its hindrance their movement. 
Yes, they helped during the first battle with thousand of their knights and the battle after that, but then they needed a solution not a long ass battle! 
And their non cooperation stance, was pain in the ass! 
"If this is not for our alpha’s brilliant idea, we would have been annihilated by now. So, stay away from this and let our alpha deal with this mess." It was a rare occasion to see the beta became passive aggressive, thus it stunned Ethan and Redmond too. 
They didn’t think Jace was a softspoken person, but it was not often for him to show his displeasure and became very aggressive with his words. 
"Tell me what happened while I am away," Redmond said, as he dragged Ethan to fill him in with what had transpired all this time. "How is Iris?" 
Ethan’s face turned very dark. 
Meanwhile, Grace’s face was not better too. She felt very sick in her stomach to watched how her alpha cut off both lady Cyan’s ears and then her legs, while Grace tried to preserve her life. 
Cane didn’t want lady Cyan to have an easy death, but at the same time, he didn’t want her to live for any second longer, more so, he didn’t have time to give her a slow torture that would lead her to her death. 
Therefore, this method was perfect, since she was not a shifter that could heal herself. 
Lady Cyan kept screaming in pain, crying when the alpha skinned her alive and humiliated her by tearing her dress, exposing her naked body before he skinned her. 
Once again, Grace had to excuse herself to throw up. Jace helped her by covering her eyes and ears, but it didn’t help when she could feel the stickiness of blood from lady Cyan and the smell of it. More so, even when the beta covered her ears, she still could hear her painful wailing, until it stopped. 
Jace released her ears for Grace to hear Cane’s order. 
"Save her." Cane had not yet done. He was only halfway skinning her and he wanted lady Cyan to be alive until he was done. 
Grace tried, but she shook her head. "I- I- I can’t..." she said, trembling with her eyes closed. 
"Try harder." 
Grace did what she was told, but the end result was the same. "I- I- I- I can’t alpha... she is dead." No matter how powerful her healing power was, she wouldn’t be able to revive the death with it. 
Only then, Cane let go. Grace had reached her breaking point and Cyan died in the most miserable death Cane could think of right now, though he was not satisfied yet. He wanted to torture someone more to vanquish his anger. His heart couldn’t calm down and he felt very vindictive at this very moment. 
"Cane..." Jace came to Cane when he had made sure Grace was fine. The other warriors helped her to go back to the pack. "I will take Gallot and Nolan to the dungeon." He didn’t know what to do with them, since Cane ignored the two and walked past them to go to the carriage, where Aria was still screaming. 
Therefore, he suggested this, he wanted to know what Cane would do with the two alphas. If he didn’t say anything, he would bring them to the dungeon and wait for him to deal with them. 
Hearing that, Cane stopped walking and glanced at his beta. His expression was the same, as if his face would be forever carved like that. 
"Nail them to the pack gates. Stripped them naked and pour water on them." After giving his instruction, Cane walked away toward the carriage. 
Pouring water on them in this weather would be a torture, aside from the fact they were being nailed to the gates. Even so, it would be enough to kill shifter, since they naturally had hot blood. 
"Oh..." Cane turned around as if he forgot something. "Put his son’s head in front of him." 
Not only Cane wanted to torture them physically, but he also tortured them mentally. At least, alpha Nolan would be insane to watch his son’s head. 
The alpha was being generous, right? Nolan wanted to see his son and he gave it to him. 
After giving the order, Cane went to see Aria. He asked someone to drag her out of the carriage and bring a box. 
His warriors confused, but they did what they were told. 
Once Aria saw Cane, her screaming stopped, but she started sobbing instead and tried to crawl away from him. 
Her dress was too long for her without her legs and the sleeves were empty without her arms there. She avoided Cane’s sharp eyes, being self aware with her current condition and tried to get away, yet she was shocked to see the extent of the massacre that happened. 
She was sure that the Howling Wolf pack would only be a history once the next morning came, but apparently it was not the case. 
Cane had pulled out his ultimate move and this was fatal. 
Currently, Cane only stared at her before he put his feet on her dress, trapped her so she wouldn’t be able to escape. Yet, the alpha said nothing, he only stared and stared at her. 
"Cane!" Aria cried. "You make my life miserable! How can you do this to me? Are you happy now? After all I have done for you! After all the horrible things that I did, you threw me away like a thrash!" 
Everyone grew silent, they still didn’t believe their eyes when they saw Aria, because with the same eyes also they witnessed this woman should have died more than a year ago. 
And the fact she was still alive was really disturbing, especially to see her condition right now. 
Tears streamed down Aria’s face, as she felt wronged by the way Cane treated her. She had done everything for him and gave him her heart and soul, but it was not enough! 
"What else do you want from me?!" 
It was a pity that Aria was no longer have her arm to wipe her tears because right now, she was a crying mess. 
Months ago, Iris had asked Cane why he couldn’t kill Aria. It was not that he had not yet killed her. He did order her death punishment, but indeed, he didn’t do it directly and Iris questioned him why he didn’t kill Aria when they met again, after she brought Arthur and Mal’s heads to be presented for Cane. 
At that time, he told his mate that there was this lingering guilty gripped his heart. What if... what if he didn’t give her a chance and didn’t indulge himself with her in the first place, she might be ended up in different place, different situation. 
She might have found someone that would truly cherish her and live well. 
That ’what if’ kept playing in his head. 
But right now. With his numb feeling, let alone guilt, he didn’t even feel a tidbit of pity for Aria. He stared at her coldly, as if she was a stranger and they didn’t even know each other. 
"Don’t you try to hurt me!" Aria was scared, she knew that cold look in Cane’s eyes. That was the same look that Cane would give to Gerald. Had she fallen into the same level like that monster now in Cane’s eyes? "Dexter will kill you if you hurt me!" Aria was desperate. "I can’t die! No matter what you did, I will not die! So, it will be useless and wasteful! Don’t come closer! Dexter will kill you if you hurt me!" 
In her desperation, Aria called for Dexter, because she knew he was the only man who gave a damn about her. 
However, Cane knelt in front of Aria, his eyes fixed on her when he finally spoke. 
"My mate also told me to kill you if we met again and I promised her that." Cane did not lie. He grabbed Aria’s hair and cut her neck with the black wisp. It was a clean cut. 
However, for everyone’s horror, the head was still screaming, even though it had been separated from her body. 
Cane stood up, his hand was still grabbing Aria’s head by her hair and asked for the box he had requested earlier, he threw the head inside. 
"Decapitate the body and burn it," Cane said.
###Chapter 765: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED (6)
Chapter 765: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED (6)
Just like Grace earlier, Lou threw up. He couldn’t handle the sight of it. It was different story with what Cane did to lady Cyan. It was gruesome indeed, where almost her skin was being peeled off. 
But, with what happened to Aria right now was straight up horror, it was hard to be inconceivable! 
How could she still cry, cursing and wailing when it was only her head?! Lou had never been this scared in his entire life, but right now, this sight got him a good goosebump! 
He turned his head to avoid the sight, but ended up throwing up. He would rather watch these dead warriors that was bleeding from their seven orifices for a whole day and night than to watch such horror scene. 
And yet, the alpha didn’t seem to be disturbed by the scene. 
Meanwhile, the poor warrior, who was holding the box dropped to his butt and crawled away from it, trembling in fear. He would rather to fight a monster than to hold the box, yet he had to crawl back, because the alpha told him to store the box somewhere. He was going to deal with it later. 
"G- G- Gamma Ethan... wh- where... where should I p- put t- this?" The poor warrior stuttered, he stared at the gamma helplessly, while Ethan kept five steps away from him. He didn’t want to be near that box that filled with Aria’s head, which kept screaming. 
"C- Close... C- close the box with something," Ethan stammered as well. 
It was him, who had buried Aria’s dead body in the Goffa mountain. Therefore, to see her still alive was the scariest thing in his life. 
He pitied Aria, but right now his pity had evaporated and replaced by fear. In his mind, Aria had died and this creature that couldn’t die was not her, thus he didn’t need to feel bad about it. 
All of the people now had witnessed it with their own eyes that Aria had colluded with black magic and this was the result of it. 
Redmond took the box and carried it away. "I will put it in the dungeon," he said, rolling his eyes at Ethan for being scared. He had spent months hearing Aria’s scream, it was nice to be able to get rid of her finally. "Oh, please. It’s only a head. I have dealt with her in her whole body." 
Ethan couldn’t even say anything to retort that. 
"Alpha Cane, let the Serafim purified the black magic, so she can die peacefully," Cedric suggested. He was disturbed by the sight and he was sure everyone also felt the same. It bothered them. 
But Cane didn’t even heed his suggestion, as he walked away. 
Seeing Cane like that, Cedric approached Redmond instead to ask for the box, yet before he could refuse, Cane had talked.
"I will ask if I decided to do so, for now, mind your own business. If you don’t have anything to say to help with the situation, stay away from my pack. Your one day is already up." Cane reminded him that he gave them one day to decide whether they were going to tell them about information of Decratic or not. If they were being stubborn and was unwilling to cooperate, they could leave the Howling Wolf pack. 
Abby had told Iris a few important things, but she wanted it to be kept secret, even from her knights, but still there were a few things that she didn’t told Iris. 
More so, sending them out of the pack would show Cane’s stance, as if he was telling him that they couldn’t do as they pleased in the matters they didn’t even want to help them with when they couldn’t even afford to handle their own problem. 
They wanted their involvement, but refused to cooperate. They could go kicking rock somewhere else then. 
Cedric pressed his lips into a thin line. 
"I want to see you and your people out of my pack by night." 
Currently, the sky was still bright, though the sunlight was so dim and the wind was very cold. They were in the middle of winter. 
Cane had a lot of things to deal with and he didn’t have time to be bothered by them lot. He walked toward the pack and when he arrived at the gates, he saw Nolan and Gallot were being nailed on the gates, while Lando’s head was in front of them. 
Nolan didn’t stop cursing at Cane, while Gallot pleaded with him. He asked for forgiveness. He promised everything that he could offer, including his pack, his daughters and anything, as long as Cane didn’t kill him, he was willing to do everything he was told. 
They were shivering, trembling because two warriors kept pouring water on them, making their body covered with ice. 
But, Cane didn’t even take a second glance before he strode away. He only wanted to make sure, they did how he wanted it to be done. 
"Gather everyone, we are leaving tonight," Cane said to Jace when the beta managed to catch up with him. 
"Leaving where?" 
"Blue Moon pack," Cane said. "Have Redmond to meet me in an hour." 
Jace didn’t have time to ask again before Cane had shifted into his black beast and dashed toward the pack house. This was very depressing situation, with a lot of things that was happening, they didn’t even have a proper time to mourn. 
It was less than a day since they lost Rora and everyone were still crying for the alpha and the luna lost. 
However, time couldn’t slow down and they needed to snatch this opportunity to have a counterattack, if they missed the momentum, they wouldn’t be able to create a second chance. 
The sky was dreary, even with the sunlight, as if the universe mourned for them. 
The first thing Cane heard when he arrived at the pack house was the commotion from the bedroom, where Iris was supposed to be. 
"What happened here?" Cane asked, he shifted into his human form and without waiting for the answer, he entered the room. 
Iris was sitting on the floor, hugging something, while Amee and Hanna tried to coax her. From the sound of it, it was a baby! 
Meanwhile, Della was crying and Grilla tried to console her. 
"The luna is holding Adelle, she is thinking the baby is Rora and doesn’t let anyone to take the baby away, but the problem is, she is holding her too tight... I am afraid she will hurt the baby..." Aliana explained about what happened. 
Cane watched his mate was trying to shove Amee away when she stretched out her arms to take the baby away from her, because she was hurting the little one without even knowing it. 
Adelle and Rora were born almost at the same time and Iris used to see Della’s baby often when she started to breastfeed her, therefore, in her mind the baby was hers. 
Iris was trying hard to cope up with her grief. But still, this was a long battle... 
"Get away! Get away from me! GET AWAY!" Iris screamed at Hanna’s face. She had never raised her voice at her before this, which made Hanna cried. 
Not because she took offense of how Iris snapped at her, but because her condition made her heart ached so badly. She was the one, who literally raised her and always by her side ever since she was little, thus she knew how much the death of her babies affected her. 
"Leave," Cane said in firm voice. 
Amee and Hanna turned their head, they didn’t even realize Cane was there. 
"Alpha, this..." Hanna wanted to explain, but Amee immediately grabbed her hand and took her away from the bedroom, while Aliana did the same to Della. 
Della was reluctant, she wanted to protest, after all she was very worried about her baby. But Aliana convinced her that the alpha got this. 
Once everyone left the room, Cane knelt down in front of Iris and stretched out his hand, she flinched. It had been a while, since she flinched with his touch, but he caressed her head anyway, until she felt comfortable, while keeping his eyes on the baby. 
Iris held the baby tightly against her chest, but thankfully, the position didn’t make her suffocate the little one. 
"Iris..." Cane called her name gently. But, there were myriad of emotions behind his black eyes. "Can you give me the baby, please?" 
Iris shook her head. "You want to take my baby away! I don’t want!" 
"I will not, don’t you trust me?" Cane sat down on the floor, facing her. He felt exhausted, as if he couldn’t even lift a finger, but he had a vast patience for his mate. "The baby is crying, maybe she feels uncomfortable. Why don’t you hold her differently?" 
Iris blinked her eyes, she still had this look of craziness flickered in her blue eyes. Staring at Cane as if he was a threat, but the sound of the crying baby made her distress too. 
"Come, I will show you how to hold her more comfortable. Trust me, okay?" 
Iris furrowed her brows. "Don’t take my baby, okay?" she asked with hoarse voice, she had been crying and screaming because there were so many people wanted to take her baby. They didn’t want to leave her alone with her baby. 
"Okay." Cane agreed. "Let me hold the baby." 
Hesitantly, Iris handed over the baby into Cane’s arms, but the furrow between her brows only deepened.
###Chapter 766: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED (7)
Chapter 766: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED (7)
"She is not my baby," Iris remarked after she saw the baby in Cane’s arms. "Where is my baby? Cane, where is our babies? This one is not Rora." Iris was silent for a while before she looked around her. "Cane, we have two babies, but why there is only one? Where are our babies?" 
Cane felt there was someone stabbed him with a dull knife. His feelings were threatened to come out in a big wave, but he suppressed it, because there was nothing he could do but not to let himself fell apart. 
"They are sleeping in the nursery room," Cane said gently and tugged her sleeves. "Go back to the bed, okay? If you are sick again, you will not be able to breastfeed our babies." 
Iris stared at him and then the baby in his arms and then at him again. She pursed her lips, but then looked around again. 
"Iris," Cane called her softly. "Let’s go, you must be tired." He stood up, in one arm, he was holding the baby and he stretched his other hand to help Iris to stand up and walk her to the bed. 
"I am not," Iris said, she shook her head and then stared at baby Adelle again for a long time, but she followed Cane to the bed and sat there. "No, I think this is my baby." Iris stretched out her hands, asking for her baby again. "I want my baby." 
Cane kissed her temple, his breathing labored. "The baby is still crying, I think she is hungry, but you can’t breastfeed her, remember? Grace told you not to breastfeed our baby for a while." 
Iris was silent again. She stared at the crying baby, Adelle was no longer screaming, but tears still kept flowing from her eyes. As if she didn’t care, she laid down on the bed with her back against Cane, falling asleep so fast due to exhaustion. 
Once Iris was calm enough and Cane was sure she had fallen asleep, he went out to give the baby to Della, by that time, the baby in his arms was already sleeping as well. 
Della immediately took her baby carefully and thanked Cane. 
"Don’t let her to be alone." Cane talked to Aliana and Hanna, they nodded with that instruction. "Prepared yourself, we are leaving this evening. You too Amee." 
Cane planned to bring Iris with him too. No one was safe right now, in that case, he would prefer for her to be within his sight. This time, he would take Aliana, Hanna and Amee. The three of them were the people that Iris comfortable with. He didn’t want her to be alone when he was not by her side. 
Amee was surprised when she came along too, but also pleased because the alpha considered her helpful. This was an honor for her. 
After giving the order, Cane walked away toward his study room. They were leaving tonight, so they needed to hasten the preparation, but before that, there were a lot of things Cane had to take care of. 
When Cane was in the study room, Redmond, Ethan and Jace were already there. They had been waiting for him. 
"Speak," Cane said. He sat on his seat and the three of them were standing in front of him. 
While they were waiting, Ethan filled Redmond in about what had transpired inside the pack in more detail, including how Iris lost their second daughter and currently, she was not in a good condition mentally. 
Redmond said nothing, it was a rarity for him not to run his mouth. He looked upset to hear what Iris had gone through. 
"They are planning to have warriors from the Celestial Moon pack to march toward the south. The warrior will be led by alpha Derick and helped Kellan to conquer Diandem pack, where alpha Colter took as his base after he fled from Aggeverya road during the first attack." 
"Kellan?" Ethan furrowed his brows. "How can he lead the warriors when he can’t even walk?" This was inconceivable for the gamma to imagine the prince led the army from his wheelchair. More so, wasn’t prince Kellan was on their side? 
Redmond dropped a shocking revelation. "He can." At first, he didn’t believe it too. "I don’t know how, but he can." 
Ethan and Jace looked at each other and then at their alpha, waiting for his reaction. They wanted to say that was impossible, but there were a lot of impossible things had happened nowadays. 
"Have you ever seen him shifted into his beast?" The question that came from Cane’s mouth was not something they expected. 
"No." Redmond thought about it for a while. Now he thought about it again, prince Kellan had never been in the front line whenever they attacked a pack, neither he would shift into his beast during the training. Redmond told them as much. "But, I can be wrong, after all, I am not with him all the time." He still took precaution, just in case they took wrong conclusion from his information. 
Cane remained mute, they couldn’t guess what was in his mind right now, while Redmond told him about anything that he knew. 
By the time this meeting had ended, someone knocked on the door, it was Koda. They almost forgot about this cowardice shifter. 
During their face off, he was nowhere to be seen. As it turned out, it was not a battle at all, but instead a massacre. Truthfully speaking, they wouldn’t have a chance to win the battle if it was not for Cane’s cunning scheme and Redmond’s loyalty for sticking up to the plan. 
"I want to talk with Redmond, you can ask him what he wanted." Cane didn’t want to talk with Koda. That man disgusted him. He didn’t have much patient and energy to be spared, therefore he didn’t want to waste it on unimportant people. Cane took this war with Decratic into his own hands. "Tell the same thing to people from the Holy Kingdom. If they don’t agree, they can scram!" 
Ethan and Jace lowered their head. They could feel Cane’s rage. Of course, he would feel rightly so. Now, those people burdened them only. 
After Ethan and Jace left the room, Cane had a private conversation with Redmond. 
"How confidence you can lead Blue Moon pack’s former warriors?" Cane didn’t waste time for pleasantries conversation, as he talked straight to the point. 
If the people from the Holy Kingdom still obstinate with their stance, it meant, they couldn’t expect any help from them and it would reduce their number without the knights, but Cane didn’t people, who couldn’t cooperate. There was a danger in it for letting them join in his rank. 
"It has been a while since the last time I met with them. I need some time to assert my leadership on them again." Redmond told Cane the truth. 
"I will give you three days." Cane stood up and walked toward the window, staring at the bleak sky that had turned dark. "We don’t have much time." 
Redmond wanted to argue that three days was a very short time, but he also knew they didn’t have much time. "I will try my best." 
"Hm, you can leave." 
And with that the conversation ended, but Redmond stayed there. It was not only Cane, who had question, but he did too. "What about Sofia and my child?" he felt bad to talk about his son when Cane was mourning his own child, but he wanted a definitive answer from him. After all, he had done everything he told him to do, at the very least, he deserved this.
"They are in the Riverside pack, Trion is protecting them, but because of the crows, we can’t exchange letter. We don’t know what happened there." Cane didn’t sugarcoat his news to make Redmond at ease. Because there was a risk something bad happened to Sofia and his son, but he had done his best to protect them. 
Cane couldn’t bring Sofia back to the Howling Wolf pack, so he arranged for her to live in the Riverside pack with Trion to protect her and the baby. 
Redmond wanted to blow up, but it was very upsetting that he understood the gravity of the situation. "I can convince the former warrior in the Blue Moon pack, you can go directly to the Riverside pack." With that, he could ensure Sofia and their baby’s safety. 
"You can’t go alone to the Blue Moon pack. The crows will eat you alive." Cane would have the same suggestion if it was not for this one trouble. The crows. His warriors spotted the crows in the sky, though the flock didn’t move toward their direction. 
In the end, they settled with Cane’s suggestion. 
When Cane went out, Jace and Ethan immediately approached him, they wanted to deliver a few information, but the alpha simply raised his hand and said curtly. "Later." After that, he strode away. 
Cane walked toward one specific room, which Grace had told him and saw the healer was there, as if she had been waiting for her. 
Among all the things he had done today, this must be the hardest. 
"She is inside, alpha. Do you want me to take her for you?" Grace asked politely. 
"No." Cane was going to take her on his own, despite how heavy his steps were. "You can leave." 
Grace nodded and then walked away, but she turned around to see the alpha was standing in front of the door for a long time.
###Chapter 767: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED (8)
Chapter 767: THEIR WORLD COLLAPSED (8)
Despite all the turmoil that was going on and how important the time was for the alpha to do everything quickly and efficiently, he still spent half an hour stood in front of a closed door to a certain room. He stared at the door with impassive expression. One couldn’t have guessed the depth of his thought by this time. 
Even after he took his time to gather his courage and finally opened the door, the alpha didn’t immediately go inside. He stared inside. It was only a normal room. Fire in the fireplace ward off the cold and gave some light in this gloomy room. 
But the alpha Eyes fixed on the cot in the middle. He stared for a good ten minutes before he found extra strength to walk inside and faced the reality. 
Inside the cot was his baby. His lovely baby. His dearest little one. His steps were slow and heavy, as if he had to go through thousand of blade under his feet if he wanted to come closer to his daughter. 
They had not yet really healed from their first lost, but now in less than a month, they had to go through the same agony again. The pain and misery were inconceivable. 
Cane remembered his little pray every time he kissed his mate and their babies, even when they were still in their mother’s tummy, but there was nothing worked. He still lost them and he was on the verge of losing his mate too. 
Cane had seen so many women lost their mind after losing their baby and Iris was walking in the same path right now. He wanted to do the same, maybe only then he could feel a little bit better, because the burdened and responsibility on his shoulders was too much, the weight almost crushed him. 
Cane balled his fists when he finally caught a sight of his little angel. She was sleeping. He hoped she was only sleeping. He gripped the cot tightly, because he felt like he was going to lose his balance, his legs were so weak and he was alone now. 
When they lost Crystal, he had Iris by his side and he had to be strong for both of them, but right now he was alone, inside this quiet room with his dead baby. 
"I am sorry, I failed you..." That was the only thing that he could say to his daughter before he stretched his arms and gathered his strength to pick her up. The baby was cold and heavy in his arms. It felt not right. 
But then, there was nothing right at this point. 
With that, Cane walked out of the bedroom with his baby. 
People tried to follow him when they saw their alpha with the baby, they were crying silently and mourning for him, but Cane dismissed them all, as he walked toward the pack gates. 
Warriors were having their final preparation for their journey to the Blue Moon pack, but Cane didn’t see any holy knights there. Probably they chose to scram rather than to share the information about their holy kingdom. 
Cane couldn’t care less about such detail. He walked toward Goffa mountain. The fire had been put off after hard effort of the warriors and the magic users from the Holy Kingdom, at the very least, they were not completely useless. 
This time, there was no funeral for baby Rora, seeing the situation and their current condition, there was not enough time. Therefore, the only thing Cane could do was to carry his baby and bury her near the burial ground, though the place had been destroyed. 
Maybe, after everything came to end, he could come here again and gave a proper burial for his daughter with Iris. 
Behind him, keeping a safe distance, Dean and Pax followed the alpha. They were his personal warriors after all, they couldn’t let their alpha walked alone in the mountain. 
But to their surprise, all the Holy Knights were there, they tried to fix the burial ground, though their effort didn’t make any different, but it was enough for Cane to give a better resting place for Rora. 
"Alpha Cane, I am sorry for your lost," the Serafim said genuinely, she approached Cane. "This is the only thing we can do to help, as a gesture of our good faith and our cooperation together. We are willing to share the information." 
Liam and Cedric didn’t like the idea, so did the other three of her personal knights, but Abby was the Serafim and she held the final say in this matter. After all, she had told Iris in private, albeit she was not sure whether the luna had told the alpha or not. 
"I will ask someone to make a proper burial..." 
Abby had not yet finished her words when Cane cut him off. "There is no need." He walked past her and then took off his cloak to be put on the ground. There was no snow and the ground was black after fire, but it was still rather cold. 
After Cane laid his cloak on the ground, he put baby Rora and started digging a hole near the rubbles of the tomb’s entrance. The knights had helped to tidy the place a little bit, though there was nothing much they could do either. 
Meanwhile, the Serafim and all the Knights didn’t do anything, Dean and Pax didn’t come forward to help either, because there was a tacit understanding in the air that the alpha needed this more than anything. 
After Cane had dug deep enough, he wrapped Rora’s small body with his cloak and rested her at the bottom of it. He stared at the bundle for a long time before he buried her there. It almost felt like he left half of himself, it felt like he buried a big part of himself there too. 
Cane was not sure how he could pull himself to go through with this until the end, he put a big rock above it as a remark and when he was done, Abby came to her and crouched down next to him. 
She used her power to crave Rora’s name on the big rock, that was the best she could do for Cane. 
"Thank you." His voice was still cold and his facial expression was still the same, making you questioned yourself whether he was really grieving the lost of his daughter or not. 
But, it was only Cane and Iris, who understood the dept of their bereavement. 
"I am sorry for you lost," Abby offered her condolence, but Cane simply stood up and stared to walk away. He didn’t stay for a second longer there. 
"Alpha Cane. We agreed to cooperate with you. I will answer all of your question." Abby stood up as well, she could feel Liam and Cedric’s disagreement when she said that, but she didn’t heed that this time. If the Holy Kingdom was going to punish her for this. So be it. They wouldn’t survive, neither they would be able to beat Decratic without the help of alpha Cane. 
Actually, Cane was betting on this. Eventually, Abby would yield to his demand, because of the pressure he put, but right now, he was not in the mood to talk. 
"Can you ward off the crows on our way to the Blue Moon pack?" Cane asked, there was no emotions in his voice, even when he just buried his daughter a moment ago. He was all business. 
"Yes, I can." Abby knew her power wouldn’t be as powerful as Iris, but if she gave it her all, she would pull it through. 
Cane nodded. "Let’s talk after we arrived at the Blue Moon pack." 
After saying that, Cane left and Dean and Pax followed after him. The two of them didn’t say anything, they were akin to the alpha’s shadows and when they arrived at the pack gates, Cane found Nolan and Gallot had lost their consciousness. His eyes darkened. 
"Wake them up!" Cane barked. Who said they could fall asleep? 
"Alpha, they are going to die if we kept torturing them..." A warrior came to Cane to explain, but the alpha had none of it. 
"Call Grace and keep them alive. I want them to be tied behind a carriage on our way to the Blue Moon pack. I want them to wake up." Cane wouldn’t give them his precious time only to torture them, but he used to do two to three things at the same time. That was his strong trait. 
"Y- yes, yes alpha." The warrior immediately scurried away to find the healer, to keep these two alive. 
Ethan, who saw Cane just came immediately approached him, but before he could speak, the alpha had beat him into it.
"Are the preparations complete?" 
"Yes, we can leave in an hour." 
"Bring Aria’s head too." 
Ethan wanted to cry. He didn’t want to be near that screaming box. He felt goosebumps crawled on his skin. 
"Cane, Koda wanted to talk with you," Ethan informed him. "There is something he wanted to discuss." 
"Tell him, unless he can take control of the Red Claw pack and have his own warriors to help, he doesn’t have any right to make a demand here." 
With that, they were going to the Blue Moon pack and at the same time, alpha Derick led his warriors to join Kellan’s party in Diandem pack, where alpha Colter and his warriors was on their wits end. If this kept going on, they would need to surrender to Kellan.
###Chapter 768: AND THE ROOM BECAME QUIET
Chapter 768: AND THE ROOM BECAME QUIET
Ania was told by Celia that the luna was sad, so she wanted to come and cheer her. She brought a rabbit with her. This was the same rabbit that they saw a year ago, she, Ethan, Hanna and luna Iris watched the rabbit gave birth to bunny, so Ania thought, she could cheer the luna up with this. 
However, Eron didn’t let her in. 
"Why?" Ania asked, she looked crestfallen because she was denied. She had been wanting to come closer to the luna, but her father told her the time was not right and she would only bother her. 
Eron crouched down in front of Ania. He caressed her head, while smiling softly to the little girl. "Luna Iris is sleeping right now. She needs to rest because she is very tired." 
"But, father said, alpha will go out of the pack tonight with luna. I will not be able to see her then." Ania pursed her lips. The rabbit with her was already big, she needed to carry it with both of her arms. "I want to show the rabbit. Please..." 
Eron looked around to his fellow warriors, but they avoided his eyes, because they didn’t have a heart to reject her plea, leaving Eron to be the bad guy here, especially when Ania was about to cry. He scratched his head and knocked on the door softly. 
Amee and Hanna were inside, Eron would let them decided in this matter. He actually passed the decision to them. 
It was Amee, who opened the door and Ania immediately came to her. "Can I see the luna please? I want to show the rabbit to her to cheer her up." She tried to raise her white rabbit, showing the helpless animal to Amee. Ania had spent a lot of effort to catch one because the animal ran away because of the crows. 
"But, luna Iris is sleeping now." Amee looked apologetic. 
"But, you are going to go tonight." Ania wouldn’t be able to see the luna for a long time after that, because they used to go for months. 
When they were not sure what to do, Cane came and actually gave the permission. "You and Hanna can leave," Cane said. 
Ania became timid when he saw the alpha, because he looked very domineering and a little girl like Ania felt intimidated by his presence. 
However, the alpha was actually pretty nice because he allowed her to enter the room and find the luna was sleeping on the bed. 
"Don’t wake her up," Cane said, he went to the bathroom to clean himself, leaving Ania and her rabbit with Iris, while Amee and Hanna waited outside. 
Ania obliged, now she was thinking how to cheer the luna up when she was not allowed to wake her up. In the end, the little girl sat on the floor with her rabbit on her lap, staring at Iris’s sleeping face. 
"She is so pretty, isn’t she?" Ania talked to her rabbit in whispery voice. 
Probably because Iris felt there was someone staring at her, or maybe she was woken up by her nightmare, her eyelids fluttered and the first thing she saw when she opened her eyes was the little girl with her white rabbit. 
"Luna!" Ania called her joyfully. "Look! I bring a white rabbit for you!" Ania raised her rabbit to her. "Do you want to pat it." 
Iris didn’t move from her position, but her eyes fixed on the white rabbit. 
"Luna, do you remember, this is the bunny that we saw a year ago, we watched the rabbit gave birth and this is that tiny bunny. It’s big already, right?" Ania was excited to remind Iris about that moment. "When it was born, there is no fur, we thought it’s a rat instead, but now the fur is very thick, touch it." 
Ania placed the rabbit on the bed and made Iris touched the rabbit fur. 
"It’s soft, right?" Ania kept recalling the moment, she had a good memory. 
Hearing her, Iris remembered about this rabbit. At that time she thought; It’s a new life. 
There would always be a new life that you could cherish. The dead would remain the same, but the living needed to strive for themselves and those they cherished. 
Meanwhile, Cane stood behind the bathroom door, listening to Ania’s jabbering, but there was no reply from Iris. 
He let Ania to talk with her, until he finished to clean himself up and tell the little girl it’s time to say goodbye. 
"Bye, luna Iris!" Ania waved her hands, while Iris was in sitting position now with the white rabbit in her lap, she caressed its soft fur. "Thank you alpha, Cane." 
Cane caressed her head and told Otis to take her back to Stone. He then returned to the room and crouched down in front of Iris. "I will change your bandage, okay? After that, I will take you for a long walk, okay?" 
Iris didn’t respond, but she looked calm, her focus was on the rabbit. With that, Cane took new bandage and medicine that Grace had prepared for her. The wound on her thigh was pretty deep, because Cane didn’t react in time. He blamed himself for that. 
"It will be a little bit hurt." 
Cane unraveled the bandage and applied the medicine as gently as possible, he stared at Iris’s expression, but she didn’t even knit her brows, even after he rebandaged the wound, Iris didn’t say anything. 
"Let’s go. We will go now." Cane kissed the tip of her nose and bent his body to carry her to the carriage. They were going to Blue Moon pack. 
Iris still hugged the white rabbit and rested her head against Cane’s shoulder, she closed her eyes and fell asleep again. 
There were around twelve carriages in the front yard, while the knights mounted their horses, the shifters had shifted into their beasts for this long journey. It would take two days to reach Blue Moon pack. 
Many warriors felt uncomfortable to go back to that pack, because that place would only bring bad memories, but they wouldn’t stay for long. They needed to defend Riverside pack from the royal warriors. 
After Cane put Iris inside the carriage, he let Amee and Aliana to stay inside, as he would lead the warriors. 
Iris glanced at Cane before he left, but she said nothing and continued to stare at her rabbit. She didn’t cry, she didn’t talk, she didn’t even ask for her babies again, neither she had a meltdown. She was empty and this was even more concerning. 
Before Cane left, he was going to see Haco first. He couldn’t bring the sorcerer because of his health had deteriorated so much. He wouldn’t survive this long and hard journey. 
"Haco," Cane called him, he entered his small room, where Celia was sitting with him, reading a story, while he stared at the window, where snow was starting to fall. "Can you leave us, Celia?" 
"Yes, alpha," Celia said, she jumped from her seat and went out of the room, she took final glance at Haco before she closed the door. 
Haco was sitting in his favorite spot, but he shifted his attention when he saw Cane approached him. He actually smiled at him. 
"Help me to bed," Haco said weakly. 
Cane was a little bit surprised to find Haco was having a lucid mind. Because he rarely had it nowadays. But, he immediately helped him to the bed. He could feel how thin he was. It felt like he could break his bone with a little bit pressure. 
Cane then rearranged the pillow behind his back and covered his body with blanket. After that, he added more firewood to the fireplace to make the room warm. 
"Your poison worked, Haco," Cane said. He pulled a chair to sit beside the bed. 
Haco smiled. He looked lethargic, but his eyes were clear. "I told you, I am the best sorcerer..." 
"Yes, you do." Cane nodded, agreed readily. 
"I want to see you sit on the throne. Achieved your goal," Haco said weakly, as he stretched out his hand and Cane grabbed it. "This room is very warm and I am full. Thank you for taking care of me." 
When they met again in the capital city, Cane had promised him that he would take care of him if he followed his instruction and order. 
Before that time, Haco thought he would end up somewhere alone, without no one by his side, maybe on the street or inside an inn, without family or anyone to take care of him, but this small warm room was not bad and having Celia by his side, knowing many people cared for him, those little children that he saw as his own grandchildren, since he had none was a great ending. 
His life was not bad. 
"Long time no see, my old friend," Haco smiled brilliantly when he saw Cane’s red eyes. The alpha let out the lycan, it was the first time he let him resurfaced after suppressing him with no way for the creature to make an appearance. 
"You look awful," Lu said, he scrunched his nose, but Haco chuckled.
"It’s a great journey that we had... you and me..." Haco said softly. 
Lu nodded. He stopped making face. "It’s a great journey, my old friend." 
"Let’s go to another journey..." Haco closed his eyes. He breathed evenly. "This time, don’t make me miserable again." 
This cursed creature had put him into a lot of trouble. 
"Let’s go." 
And the room became quiet.
###Chapter 769: I AM A BAD MOTHER
Chapter 769: I AM A BAD MOTHER
The journey from the Howling Wolf pack to the Blue Moon pack went uneventful, except for a few occasions they found flocks of crows, but it was not as brutal and many like the one that attacked their pack and Abby was able to take care of it. 
Haco’s funeral happened in a very simple way, Carla took care of that. Celia was inconsolable, but she had Joyce and Leena, also all the orphanage children that they grew fond of. 
Maria and Kaz begged the alpha to take care of the orphanage once they learned Hanna and Will would go into the journey. They gave up the idea of pleading with the alpha to go along like how Cane took Amee with him, because they finally realized, their presence would only worsen the luna’s condition. 
More so, they really wanted to take care of the pack. Despite everything, there was no doubt the two of them cared about their pack, their home so much. 
Cane gave the decision to Carla, since she was the one, who responsible for the pack house. Stone would be in charge for the pack, because Ethan and Jace came with Cane. There were not many warriors left behind, because Cane took almost all the warriors with him. 
Therefore, Stone decided to close the gates. They wouldn’t open it until the alpha returned and kept everyone in the pack house. 
Ezra would be Grilla’s responsibility, thankfully, the little white diamond tiger was not as craven as the first time he was being freed, he started to trust people around him, once he realized they wouldn’t hit him or hurt him. 
Aside from the problem with Zale, who was caught sneaked into one of the carriages on their second day to the Blue Moon pack, there was nothing worth to note. 
They couldn’t send Zale back to the Howling Wolf pack because they had gone too far and it would dangerous for him to travel alone, thus begrudgingly, Jace had to agree to take this brat with them. 
He was not supposed to come, since he was too young. 
"I will leave you in the Blue Moon pack," Ethan said in annoyance, but Zale only stared at him, as if telling the gamma, he would sneak into one of the carriages again. They were not going to leave him. 
Meanwhile, Iris spent two days to sleep. She didn’t wake up unless it was time to eat or when she had to relieve herself, but aside from that, she was sleeping all day. The white rabbit was currently with Hanna, she took care of the animal, afraid the warriors would take it and roast it as their meal. 
Redmond caught a glimpse of Iris once and she looked very different. She was... empty. 
During these two days journey, they didn’t interact much, unless it was really necessary, as if there were this depressing cloud that loomed above their heads. 
Even Lou and Ethan were not as chatty as usual. The merchant would spend his time inside his carriage with Nala, while Sabian acted like a coachman. 
However, even when he was with Nala, Lou didn’t do anything to the woman, though she tried to engage with him. 
"Leave me alone, I am not in the mood," Lou said. He spent his time inside the carriage sleeping. Didn’t want to be bothered by anything else. 
Nala could only fume mad, but she didn’t mind it. She only craved some attention, but because there were so many people, she couldn’t come to Kian. 
When they arrived at the Blue Moon pack, Iris stayed in her former bedroom. She stared at the room for a while, but aside from that, she was not responsive. 
Abby managed to burn the crows that flocked around this pack the way Iris did it, but she fell sick afterward and couldn’t be bothered for two days. 
While Redmond tried to assert his leadership on the former warrior of Blue Moon pack, Cane spent his time discussing their plan to take back the packs under the royal warriors. They couldn’t send scout, neither there was a hawk that survive if they sent message to know what happened to the other pack. 
At this time, alpha Colter’s black witches force managed to hold back yet another attack of Kellan. If it was not for this, he would have fallen into the enemy’s hand, but it was not sure how long they could strive. 
On the third night, Aliana entered the meeting room without knocking, where Cane was in the middle of discussion with Cedric and the Serafim, she looked panic. 
Koda was not there. He didn’t hold any significant power and Cane still remembered his craven acted for hiding from the battle against Nolan and Gallot. 
Currently, the two alphas were still laying naked, tying up at the carriage. Grace would come occasionally to keep them alive. They would be dragged to the Riverside pack or anywhere they could until Grace was no longer able to preserve their lives. 
Meanwhile, Iris’s condition didn’t get better. She would ask for their baby occasionally, screaming and crying, but calmed down again after Cane held her. 
Very often at night, Iris would wake up because she felt her breasts were painful. She was still lactating and she would wet the front of her dress. 
Cane would wake up too and help her to go through this. Grace had told him what to do and the healer had concocted medicine to stop her from lactating, she couldn’t do it in an instant, because Iris’s body didn’t respond well to her healing power. 
Therefore, she needed to use conventional method. 
This was the worst moment. Iris would ask for her babies, crying to Cane to bring their babies, so she could breastfeed them. 
"They are hungry... Cane, give me my babies..."
She went from crying to be angry. One night, she was having a meltdown and hit Cane so hard, she screamed to his face to get her babies to her, which alerted the warriors outside. 
Grace needed to be called to give some medicine to help her to calm down. 
For her sake, they didn’t allow anyone with baby to come closer to her or talking about anything related to baby. 
Ethan came to cheer her up, talking about random thing, so did Redmond, but none of them managed to get her out of her own mind. 
Cane even let Lou to approach his mate. The alpha must be very desperate to get his mate back, until he let the merchant to talk with her. 
But still, no matter what Lou said and did, as he performed a few magic to get her attention, none of them worked. Iris was still a shell of herself, as if the world was very dull to make her pay slightest attention. 
Until one night, Iris stared at Cane. Her eyes filled with so much emotions. This was the first time she stared at someone so intensely. 
"Iris..." Cane touched her cheek, but she swatted his hand away, her nails grazed his skin and drew blood. 
They were inside the bedroom and Cane just returned from his meeting with Redmond and warriors from the Blue Moon pack. 
"What happened? Do you want something?" Cane didn’t touch her again, because the animosity she showed to him was unsettling. 
"I hate you." 
Cane’s heart skipped a beat. "May I know why?" his voice was still gentle, but his world had crumbled. 
"You keep me away from my babies. I hate you." 
Cane didn’t know what to say. He watched Iris returned to bed and lay down, sleeping. But that night, he couldn’t sleep a wink. Her words when she told him he hated him kept echoing in his mind. 
Cane was not stupid to think that Iris really meant what she said, but the truth was; he really hated himself too. 
The next day, Iris was like usual, she didn’t talk with anyone and thankfully, Grace’s medicine worked, she didn’t need to suffer from the pain because her breasts were swollen for long. 
"Cane!" Iris rushed toward Cane when he just returned from yet another meeting with the former Blue Moon pack’s warriors. She looked upset and her eyes filled with concern. 
"What happened?" Cane asked, panic in his voice, as he stared at Amee and Hanna, who were there, but they didn’t know about it too. 
"I don’t know, luna suddenly became upset," Amee replied. 
Cane shifted his focus on Iris again. "What happened? Are you hurt?" 
Iris shook her head, but now she started crying. "I can’t produce milk again! How our babies eat if I stopped producing milk for them? We need to see Grace, there is something wrong with me!" Iris was frantic now. 
Cane hugged her tightly and buried his face on the crook of her neck, as he listened to her rambling like always. He was very quiet. 
Seeing that, Hanna and Amee immediately left the room, while Cane hugged his mate very tightly, as she cried because she couldn’t feed their babies. 
"I am a bad mother... Cane I am sorry, I am a bad mother... I am sorry, I am sorry..." Iris was crying at this point, she tried to hit herself. "I am so stupid! I am stupid! I am a stupid mother!" 
Cane stopped her, he brought her to bed and try to calm her down. 
"There is something wrong with me..." Iris kept repeating the words over and over again, until she was tired and fell asleep in Cane’s arms.
###Chapter 770: NOT A MAN, BUT A DEVIL
Chapter 770: NOT A MAN, BUT A DEVIL
"So, what can you offer?" Cane’s voice was very cold and dark. He looked like he had lost a lot of weight, which only emphasized his sharp features. He looked gloomy and wherever he went, people would shudder even when they only caught a glimpse of him. 
He was akin to someone, who had never touched any joy or happiness in his life. 
The aura that he gave off was akin to that moment when they were in slavery. His eyes filled with hatred and his present alone was very suffocating. 
Even though Nolan and Gallot were also the alpha of their respective packs, none of them could be very dominance like Cane did. He looked like a sovereign, who stared disdainfully at his lowest subject. The king of the devil... 
"Let me go and I will tell you what lady Cyan had planned. All she had planned with king Al... No... with Alan..." Gallot corrected himself, afraid it would piss Cane off to call Alan as the king, though in reality, the alpha didn’t give a shit about it. 
"Speak," Cane curtly. 
He was standing in front of the naked Gallot and Nolan, the two of them were beaten up, trembling because of the cold weather. Everyday, they would be dragged around to be humiliated and after that a healer would be called to keep them alive. This life was worse than death. 
Cane refused to meet with them until now when they said there were important things they would divulge about the activity of the king... the Decratic. 
Not so long, Abby came also with her five knights, but she immediately averted her eyes to see the condition of the two of them. 
Liam immediately took off his cloak and Cedric did the same to cover Gallot and Nolan, not out of pity, but because this sight was not appropriate for Abby to see, but they needed to hear this since this was related to Decratic. 
Cane didn’t that, he only stared down at Gallot, indicating for him to keep talking. 
However, all Gallot said was something they already knew. From Kellan, who led the warriors and besieged Diandem pack, where alpha Colter was trapped there, until the black magic that they used. 
Gallot became even more frantic when he watched how Cane and the Serafim was not interested with his information. 
Nolan chimed in, he remembered something more crucial that he learned from Zeke. "Alan is in the untouched land in the Celestial Moon pack, Zeke said, there is something there. You must have learned about this, you must be aware that the activities of the monsters are very strange! They don’t hibernate like usual, even though it is winter! They have been going to the north, because Alan and Zeke are doing something there!" 
Cedric asked a few more question, while Cane let him and after an hour of interrogation and they were sure there was nothing could be squeezed out of Nolan’s mouth, Cane went to get a glass of water to drink, drank the water and crushed it within his grip. 
"What are you doing?!" Cedric was alarmed. 
Blood dripped from his wounds when he approached Gallot with pieces of sharp shards in his hand. The alpha crouched down, his eyes were fixated on Gallot. 
"No more you can give us?" 
Gallot wrecked his brain, trying to remember an important information like Nolan did, he even tried to come up with something, but before he could make an elaborate story, Cane had shoved the pieces of sharp shards in his hands into his mouth. 
Thankfully, Liam was quick enough to react, he immediately covered Abby’s eyes to prevent her from seeing such brutal thing and took her away from there. 
"You don’t need to do that! He had told us everything he knew!" Cedric snarled at Cane, but one look from the alpha was enough to shut him up. 
"Which made him useless now." 
Chill ran down their spines to witness the brutality of the alpha, as Cane pinned Gallot down, forcing him to swallow the sharp shard, which cut his mouth and throat. His eyes bulged, as he kept vomiting blood from between his fingers. 
"You are being unnecessary cruel!" Cedric remarked. 
"This is how we are doing thing in Ogregon Continent," Cane replied coldly. He watched with interest how Gallot was dying. 
He was not going to die, at least not yet. He needed to suffer a little bit more. Cane closed Gallot’s mouth, while he was struggling, until he swallowed all the sharp shards and passed out. 
Meanwhile, Nolan wetted himself, he had never been so scared in his entire life before. His hatred and wrath toward Cane for him killing his son had evaporated, replaced by a complete fear for him. 
"Y- you said... you said you will let me go if I- I told you important information," Nolan said. He reminded Cane of their agreement. 
Cedric was about to order someone to release alpha Nolan, but Cane had different idea. 
"Whip him thirty times and tie him up again behind the carriage!" Cane ordered his warriors, which shocked Cedric because he was going back on his own words. 
"Y- you said, you will spare me!" Nolan screamed like a banshee. 
Cane threw him a nasty look. "I changed my mind." People like them didn’t deserve respect. Panic in Nolan’s eyes. "I only want to let you know that you have been used. Your son was being mind controlled, that’s why he was killed. Do you really thing those people will back you up?" 
The shocked rendered Nolan mute. If that was the truth... then... everything that he had done and sacrificed... he was a mere pawn since the beginning... 
"You don’t keep your words," Cedric stated when Cane walked past him. "What kind of man who doesn’t keep their words?" 
Cane glanced at him. His eyes were very cold. "The kind who has gone through hell and return as the devil itself." 
============================
"Alpha! The luna is missing!" Aliana said. 
Cane was in the middle of discussion with Cedric when he heard this, he dropped everything and immediately rushed out of the room, while Aliana filled him in about what happened. 
Hanna and Amee were inside the bedroom with Iris, but when Amee went out to get food and Hanna didn’t pay close attention, since she thought they were inside the bedroom and the five warriors were right outside, Iris suddenly went missing. 
"I have asked warriors to search for her." Aliana watched the alpha shifted into his beast and dashed toward Iris’s bedroom. 
Once he arrived there, Hanna was crying, while Amee tried to console her. 
"I am sorry, alpha... I don’t know how she could go missing. She was here inside the room with me, there is no way she could go out. There is no way out but the front door," Hanna explained through her sobs. 
Cane stood in his place quietly, while Aliana told him she had called for help from the warriors to look around the pack house. There was no way Iris could go missing all of sudden. 
"What happened?" Ethan came into the bedroom too, he just heard that Iris went missing because there was a ruckus among the warriors and immediately came here. 
Aliana filled him in and he listened to her explanation, looked a little bit awkward. The relationship between them were not really good after the kiss, there was this tension between them, in which Ethan was the only one, who felt that, while Aliana returned to be herself and made the gamma frustrated because she saw what he did as a mistake only. 
Eventually, Cane moved to the bed, he crouched down to see underneath and push it to the side. He remembered Iris happened to hide under the bed when she was having a meltdown in the past. 
"I have looked everywhere, the place miss used to hide when she was little, but I couldn’t find her." Hanna was being hugged by Amee. 
Blue Moon pack was Iris’s home, she had lived here for her entire life until recently, therefore, she knew every nook and crane of this place, especially when she used to sneak out and not let anyone to find her. 
Cane stared at the floor, he didn’t move and all of them started giving suggestion about where to look for her. 
But then, Cane crouched down and pushed a tile of the floor to reveal a stair that led you down. Everyone was shocked when they saw this. 
Cane knew Iris was still inside the room, her scent was not in the corridor if she really left. Well, to be fair, he was able to find her in a cave back then, why wouldn’t he be able to find her now? 
"No need to follow," Cane ordered them to stay there. 
Without hesitation, Cane went inside. He knew Iris was here, because her scent was getting strong. But what made him frown was the fact this place was very dark. Iris was afraid of the dark. She wouldn’t come here. 
After the stairs led him down he met with a tall wall, where there was stairs that led him up. He needed to climb this. This second stairs was very high, as if he was climbing a tower instead, but Cane couldn’t be bothered where it would take him, as long as it led him toward his mate, he would go through hell to get her back. 
Thankfully, it didn’t take long for him to find her, but this place...
###Chapter 771: I NEED TO BE PUNISHED
Chapter 771: I NEED TO BE PUNISHED
After around ten minutes, Cane finally reached the top and when he finally came out from it, he found himself was in the attic and Iris was sitting on the corner. 
The only light inside this attic came from the pale light of the moon out there, which filtered through the room from the small window, yet still, this place was too dark for Iris. 
"Iris," Cane called her. He approached her carefully. He called her name several times until she lifted her head. 
Tears streamed down her cheeks, her eyes were red because of crying so hard, but there was no sound came out of her mouth. 
"Why are you here?" Cane asked gently. He caressed her head, but she flinched before finally she felt familiar with his touch and let him. "Let’s go back." 
Iris shook her head, more tears fell from her beautiful eyes. 
"I can’t..." she whispered hoarsely. 
"Of course, you can. I am here to take you back." Cane was extremely gentle with her, it was a contrast of how cold he was in the past few days.
"I am bad. I need to be punished..." 
Iris was punishing herself. 
This attic was the place that Gerald used to use to punish her, for whatever things she did wrong in his eyes. This place was the source of her trauma. 
However, Iris came here. 
Her subconscious mind told her she had committed a grave crime, where she needed to punish herself because no one blamed her. The way Iris was thinking was very twisted, but this was her way to cope up with grief. 
Iris blamed herself for what she had done, for losing her baby, for not being there and helped in time, for not giving birth to much healthier babies, for being alive when her babies died, for receiving the kindness from people around her. 
Their kindness felt foreign. She should be punished for her crimes, but all she got was concerning look, they were worried for her when she deserved to be stoned to death. 
Iris found myriad way to beat herself up, while on the surface, she was only an empty shell of herself, but inside her mind it was very loud. Her whole body was in so much pain. 
At this point, someone should have whipped her to ease her mind from this contrition. 
Her grief tasted like poison in her mouth. 
Her grief overcome her trauma of the darkness, because she would always see one no matter how bright the place, she was in. 
Cane hugged her even tighter. He said nothing, because there was no word that could reach her. He could only offer warmth as consolation, letting her know that he would always be there. 
They stayed like that for almost two hours, making the people worried about them and when it was almost four hours they had gone, Ethan and Will came to look for them, afraid something bad happened to the two of them. 
But, all they could see was the alpha hugged his mate tightly, protectively, while Iris had fallen asleep again. 
They looked around and realized this was an attic. 
Will returned and told Hanna about this, because they couldn’t bring the sleeping Iris through the small tunnel of the secret passageway. There was a possibility Iris found that secret tunnel when she was being locked inside, after all, it happened very often. 
Hanna then opened the door from outside and Cane carried Iris in his arms. During the whole process there was no words were said. It was silent. 
"All of you can leave." Cane laid Iris down on the bed and tucked her inside the blanket, while the rest of people left the room, giving time alone for their alpha and luna. 
Once it was only the two of them, Cane climbed on the bed and laid down next to his mate as well, he hugged her and buried his face against her bosom, breathing in her scent, while hearing her steady heartbeat. 
At the very least, he still had her... 
At the very least, she was still alive, thus he still had reason to fight... 
At the very least, this warmth still belonged to him... 
Cane closed his eyes, he put everything that weighed him down behind for a while. He would fight back tomorrow, but right now, he needed some consolation and the only form he could get it was with his mate. 
Cane hugged Iris a little bit tighter, as if he wanted to become one with her, didn’t leave any space between them, because he was afraid, she would slip through his fingers and he would find himself losing her. 
He had lost so many things, he didn’t want to lose her too... 
He listened to her soft breathing and heartbeat. He swore, once she stopped, he would rip his heart too. This life was not worth living... 
============================== 
On the fourth day, Redmond was confidence he could control the former warrior of the Blue Moon pack. It was late a day from Cane told him, but they gained five thousand warriors under Redmond’s lead. 
Though, it was very unpleasant for Howling Wolf pack warriors to work together with them, since there were a lot of bad blood between the two parties, but they gritted their teeth and mind their own business. 
Thankfully, the knights acted as middlemen between the two pack warriors, knowing the history between them, therefore the two of them didn’t have many interactions with each other. 
Nolan and Gallot were still alive when they dragged them behind the carriage on their way to the Riverside pack. The Serafim had fully recovered after she burned the flocks of crows in the Blue Moon pack and she needed to perform the same thing when they were in the Riverside pack. 
Iris was still spending all of her time sleeping. Amee, Aliana and Hanna stayed with her all the time, they didn’t dare to let her out of their sight again, but after that night, she didn’t do anything, but sleep and sleep. 
"Why the wound on her thigh has not healed yet?" Cane asked Grace one night on their way to Riverside pack. They needed to take some rest because they couldn’t proceed further without the Serafim. 
Currently, Abby was resting inside her carriage after she destroyed another flock of crows. 
"I will try to apply different medicine," Grace said. The wound on Iris’s tight was no longer bleeding, but it wouldn’t heal too. "I think because immune system is not good, so the wound is rather difficult to heal." 
Cane nodded, with everything that was going on, it was not a surprise if her body became sickly like before. 
A few hours later when they were about to depart, this time, Cane was talking with Lou. The conversation between them were exceptionally serious, even the merchant was not in the mood to be in his goofy side, as both of them talked in business like manner, Koda approached Cane, he demanded to talk with him after being ignored for days. 
Lou glanced at him and then walked away, letting Cane to deal with this annoyance trash. His mood had been very down lately, even Nala and Sabian didn’t know what to do. It didn’t look like him at all. 
"I have a way to take down Colter and get all the warriors of the Red Claw pack! You need to listen about this!" Koda hissed in low voice, he was afraid someone would hear what he said, because he could be marked as a traitor to talk about taking down his own alpha. 
Meanwhile, it was not that Cane didn’t have a plan for Colter and Red Claw pack, but he chose to push Koda to take the action himself. 
First, it would lessen the burden on his shoulder, second, whether his plan would work or not, the consequences would be on Koda to bear. 
"Speak," Cane said coldly. 
Only then, Koda looked relief, maybe he didn’t realize it yet, but Cane really played him well in his palm, he didn’t know how much he rallied on the alpha. 
Cane crippled his ability to make his own decision and run his own plan. His method was very subtly, his opponent wouldn’t realize it until it was too late. 
When they finally arrived at the Riverside pack, the first person, who dashed into through its gates was Redmond. He left them behind and disappeared in search of someone. 
"Who do you think he is looking for?" Eron asked Dyne, they watched the red hair warriors disappeared from their sight. 
"I think he is looking for that woman," Dyne replied, shrugging his shoulder. More and more people knew about the truth between Redmond and Sofia, since there was nothing to be hidden anymore. 
"Nah, he must be looking for his son," Ethan chimed in, which startled Dyne and Eron because they didn’t expect to see the gamma. 
Earlier, the Serafim managed to secure this place, but like usual, she needed time to recover before she could use her power again. 
The crows actually didn’t attack them, they only flew above their head, they were no longer as aggressive as before and this was questionable. Cane talked about this with Lou before and the merchant would look into it. 
Meanwhile, knowing the rescuer were here, all of the people immediately went out of their houses and cheered for their arrival, they chanted Cane’s name and the Serafim when they saw the holy knights and the Howling Wolf pack’s banner. 
Even though the two people were nowhere to be seen.
###Chapter 772: HER RADIANT SMILE
Chapter 772: HER RADIANT SMILE
The first thing that Redmond did was looking for his son. Of course, he was worried about his son and he immediately rushed toward the house, where Sofia lived in with Rye per Cane’s instruction. 
But, before he could reach the house, in the distance he already saw Sofia, holding their son in her arms, while talking to Trion. The man was holding a baby too, but Redmond didn’t think much about it. 
Sensing someone came toward them in full speed, Sofia and Trion were startled to see Redmond there. He looked disheveled and dirt still covered his body after a long journey, but his eyes lit up when he saw the baby. 
"Give him to me!" Redmond said enthusiastically, stretching out his arms like a child asking for a candy, but to his annoyance, Sofia didn’t hand him his child. 
At first, Sofia felt her heart swelled with happiness to see him rushing toward her, but his happiness died down pretty fast. "You are still dirty! Clean yourself first!" Sofia scolded him, how he could ask for their baby without even greeting her at all!? 
She felt like a fool for worrying and even praying for his safety all this time. She wasted her time! He didn’t even ask how she was doing! 
"Moreover, this is not Rye, that’s Rye." Sofia nodded to the baby in Trion’s arms. 
"Why he is holding my baby?" The question sounded more like a growl. 
The smile on Redmond’s face fell in an instant, it replaced with hostility in his eyes at Trion, which made the warrior hastily explained because it seemed Sofia wouldn’t explain this misunderstanding. 
"Don’t misunderstand me, this is because Sofia just breastfed Lucia, so I am holding your son when we were informed the alpha’s entourage was already here and the crows had disappeared." 
Yet, Redmond didn’t pay attention to the explanation, there was one thing that caught his attention. "Lucia?" his eyes directed to the baby in Sofia’s arms. "You gave birth to another baby when I was away?" 
Sofia wished someone could strangle this dense man for her. "You have been away for less than half a year, how can I conceive and then give birth in such short period of time?!" Sofia was fumed. 
As if sensing his father was in a lot of trouble with his mother, Rye opened his eyes and squealed. He made baby noises that diffused the situation. 
"You don’t need to be so mad, I only asked," Redmond grumbled. He took the baby in Sofia’s arms, careful not to dirt the little one. 
"What are you doing?" Sofia was alarmed when Redmond took the baby in her arms. "I told you that’s not my baby! I was only told to take care of her!" 
However, Redmond ignored Sofia and instructed for Trion to give his son back to his mother and then handed baby Lucia to the warrior. 
"I am going to clean myself up," Redmond said, but before he went inside the house, he glared at Trion. "You better not here." 
Trion shook his head. "Seriously... I am speechless." 
Redmond wanted his ’family’ time after he completed difficult task, so someone else was not welcomed. 
"Look, Sofia. Whatever is in your mind to get back to Redmond for ignoring you don’t count me in. I don’t want the drama," Trion said. After spending time together, it could be said that they were civil with each other, since he still refused to forget about how Sofia deceived them when she entered their pack. 
"I will not do anything, who cared about him!?" Sofia huffed and walked back into the house. 
And with that, they had a rather peaceful day until their preparation to battle their way to Crystal Moon pack, taking back the pack from the royal warriors. From Decratic... 
================================ 
The alpha went straight to the pack house and carried Iris by himself once the room was ready for them to occupy and rest. 
If he could, he wanted to sleep like this forever, while holding his mate close to him. 
"Should we wake them up for dinner?" Hanna asked Amee, she was holding tray of meal for the alpha and luna, but both of them were still sleeping. 
"No, let them rest. If the alpha or the luna were hungry, they would ask us," Amee replied. "They need this rest." 
Hanna nodded and the rest of the night, there was no one, who bothered them and when the morning came, the sunlight was rather warm, indicating the winter was going to end. 
Cane felt lethargic, even after a long night sleep, but he was woken up when someone touched his face and the first thing, he saw was Iris smiling at him. He furrowed his brows by the sight. 
"Why are you staring at me like that?" Iris giggled with her hoarse voice. "I am hungry, let’s eat something." She leaned over and kissed his lips. 
This was the first time Cane saw Iris was smiling, she looked rather pale and exhausted, but she was beautiful like usual and her eyes were no longer looked empty, as if the fire in her blue eyes had returned. 
However, how she could recover within a single night? Was this a dream? A dream where he wanted to see her smiling again and was freed from her pain. 
"Why are you staring at me like that?" Iris playfully kissed his lips and nibbled on his lower lip, but when Cane didn’t reciprocate her kiss, she lifted her head and stared at him with a sad face, this snapped Cane back to reality. He didn’t want to see such gloomy cloud on her eyes ever again. "What is it? Is there something in your mind?" Iris pushed herself from his chest and sat down, Cane followed her movement and held her hand, afraid she was going to vanish if he didn’t hold her. 
This was not a dream, her lips against his was real. Her sweet scent still lingered on his lips. 
"Iris?" 
"Yes?" Iris blinked her eyes. "Why you are so weird this morning? Are you sick?" She stretched out her hand and checked his forehead, but before she could touch him, Cane had grabbed her hand first. 
Now both of Iris’s hands were in his grip, while he stared at her. 
"Cane? You scared me, what happened?" 
Months ago, someone had pretended to be her. But, Cane knew for sure the woman before his eyes was his mate. This was absurd if the person pretended to be Iris and act like this. It was very stupid and would only blow their cover within a second. 
Cane didn’t say anything, but then he remembered something, he let go of her hands and immediately lifted her dress to see the wound on her thigh. It was the same wound that Iris had. 
"Cane!" Iris was shocked, but then when she realized what Cane was staring at, her eyes softened. "I am fine, Cane. You don’t need to worry." 
Yet, Cane still didn’t say anything. He stared at the wound for long time, he didn’t even hear what Iris was saying right now. 
Decratic and his worshippers could control one’s mind, was this one of their tricks or... 
Cane lifted his head and stared into Iris’s beautiful blue eyes, they filled with genuine concern, but then he couldn’t tell whether or not she was under some short of black magic.
He couldn’t even tell that Tatiana, Amara and Lando were under control. But, his mate was not in direct contact with Decratic or his worshippers, though if it was black magic, in her nature, Iris would immediately purify it, if it was the case, but she was not stable recently. 
"Cane, you scared me, say something please..." Iris cupped his face, it was very intoxicating to hear her voice after such a long time and saw how much she cared for him. 
"Iris, about our babies..." Cane didn’t finish his words, he stared at her intensely, not missing a slightest hint from his eyes. He watched closely her expression when he mentioned their babies. It almost like a taboo topic, no one ever mentioned this to Cane also, thinking it would help him to go through his grief. 
"Our babies?" Iris frowned. "What do you mean with our babies?" 
Cane fell the sky had collapsed. He immediately knew what was going on. He had this suspicion, but didn’t want to believe it. 
This was not a black magic, neither it was a mind controlling thing. It was way more than that... 
"Rora and Crystal..." This was the first time Cane’s voice was shaking when he mentioned both of their babies, but Iris didn’t seem to recall anything. 
This was not a trick. If this was another plot from Decratic, this was not the reaction that Iris would give to him. 
"Who is that?" Iris looked concern. She cupped his face and stared into his eyes, where Cane could see there was no pretention in hers. "What are you talking about, Cane? You scared me..." 
Cane clenched his fists. His claws stabbed his palms and drew blood, but thankfully Iris couldn’t see it. He didn’t know what was worst now. 
But then, tear streamed down her cheeks. "I am sorry for not being able to give you any child... I will..." Cane stopped her mid sentence and hugged her so tight, until Iris felt like he took her breathe away. "Cane, I can’t breathe..." 
However, Cane didn’t want to let go. 
"Let’s not talk about this anymore," Cane whispered.
###Chapter 773: I HAVE YOU AND THAT’S ENOUGH
Chapter 773: I HAVE YOU AND THAT’S ENOUGH
"You know the problem is with me, right?" Cane kissed her neck and her cheek, he kissed her earlobe and she squirmed, which only made his heart shattered even more with this familiarity. "Don’t blame yourself. Let’s not talk about this anymore." 
"But, what if I can’t give you an heir?" Iris felt so bad for him. She didn’t want to let him go to another woman’s arms, but she knew for sure how important an heir for someone like Cane. She tried to tell him that. 
"No matter how many women I am with, the problem is me, Iris. I don’t want someone else, but you. If we don’t have any child, so be it. I will love you for the rest of my life... we will spend this lifetime together." 
If Iris forgot about their children and it could help her to go through the severe grief she had to suffer, Cane would remember their babies alone... he would remember them on behalf of hers too. 
"That’s the first time, you said that you love me..." Iris caught the word and felt happy. 
Yet, actually, this was not the first time Cane had said it... 
However, both moments came from his shattered heart. 
=============================== 
"Yes, there is trace of black magic," Abby said when she checked on Iris’s thigh, since her wound didn’t want to heal even after days had passed. 
Cane didn’t think it was possible, since Iris would purify any black magic that came in contact with her, even without her realizing it, but in the end, he decided to make Abby checked on her. 
"How is that possible?" Iris asked, she frowned, because she had the same opinion like Cane. 
Abby looked uncomfortable, she glanced at the alpha, but he always had the same expression on his face. "I am not sure, maybe because there are a lot of things have been going on, so it exhausted yourself. Divine power connected to one’s mind and heart." 
It had been two weeks since they arrived in the Riverside pack and Cane had made people aware of Iris’s condition and emphasized to them not to mention anything about the babies. No one should bring the topic and remind her about their dead children. 
Their hearts were bleeding for the two of them and felt so bad every time they saw Iris was smiling to the orphan children or talking to pregnant women, whishing them to have a safe delivery. Though, it was not sadness and grief, but there was this long in her eyes. She really wanted to give Cane a family... 
Hanna, Amee and Aliana were the people, who struggled the most to see her finally cheerful again, but this was not the outcome they wished for. 
"That must be because I am too worry for the upcoming battle," Iris murmured to herself. She then lifted her head and looked at Abby. "Tell me, it’s possible for me to go to a battle with you, right?" Iris brought up this topic again. 
Iris had been following Cane to many meetings between her maate and people from the Holy Kingdom. She couldn’t remember clearly, her memories were rather blur, but the Abby and her people were more cooperative and their discussion was fruitful. 
They didn’t dodge their question again, but still there were some secrets of the Holy Kingdom that they didn’t explain in detail. 
However, Iris brushed it off and thought it was great for Cane because with their cooperation, it would help him with the battle. 
"We will not discuss this matter, Iris." Cane stretched out his hand and caressed her cheek. He had rejected her idea outright for her to be in the battlefield, though she would be with Abby at the rear. 
The alpha didn’t want his mate to be near the battlefield at all. 
Iris was not happy and tried to argue, but Cane immediately shut her attempt and kissed her forehead, he left to overlook the warrior training after he thanked Abby curtly. 
"I don’t think the alpha will budge in this matter," Abby said, once they were alone. 
They couldn’t be said as close, but they were in a civil term right now. It was possible for them to have a heavy discussion, as Iris learned more about divine power from Abby.
Of course, they kept this secret, only a handful of people, who knew Iris had divine power and the first Serafim’s life essence. 
People outside didn’t even have any idea about the help that Iris had provided 
Iris pursed her lips. She knew how stubborn Cane could be, but after that night when he told her how he loved her, he treated her extremely gentle, as if she made of glass, everything she wanted would be fulfilled, even when he didn’t have enough time to rest properly. He would spare every minute of his time to listen to what Iris told him about the children in this pack. 
There were so many children here, thanked to the previous alpha and his crazy idea. 
However, his decision was set on the stone about this matter. He didn’t want to budge, neither he wanted to compromise. 
Based on the current situation, the warriors and knights would march two days from now. They needed to get back Crystal Moon Pack, because without the harbor there, the reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom would meet trouble once they managed to cross the sea. Winter almost ended and the weather was not as cold. 
Later that night, Iris waited for Cane to return. He exceptionally came very late, thinking by doing so, he could skip the conversation that Iris would have with him. 
But, he could only accept his fate to have a stubborn Iris as his mate. He couldn’t imagine how that timid woman could turn very strong head like this, but he knew she would only do this to people she was comfortable with. 
"Why don’t you sleep?" Cane approached his mate and kissed her forehead. He peppered small kisses on the tip of her nose and her cheeks, which made her giggled. 
"I am waiting for you," Iris replied in a matter of fact tone, her eyes lit up every time she saw him. 
However, there was this nagging feeling that Iris felt recently. The way Cane stared at her bothered her. There was this conceal sadness in his black eyes, but Iris would brush it off, thinking she was only seeing thing and it was only him being tired after a long day. 
"You don’t need to," Cane crouched down in front of her and lifted her dress to see the wound on her thigh. "Is it still hurt?" 
"Not really," Iris replied and blushed when Cane leaned over to kiss her wound over the bandage. 
"I will rebandage it." Cane was about to stand up, but Iris pulled him back to sit down again. 
"I want to talk with you, Cane." 
"The answer is no, Iris." 
"I have not yet said anything." Iris pursed her lips. 
"I know what you are going to talk about." Cane twisted his hand so he could release her grip and peck her lips. "I am going to get the medicine for your wound." 
Iris was not happy with that, she looked sullen when Cane returned. She felt something was off with him and people around her, as if they were holding a secret. The way they were looking at her was unsettling. She didn’t like it... 
"Stay still," Cane said, as he started to skillfully, unraveled the bandage and applied the medicine gently. No matter how busy he was, he would take time to make sure she changed her bandage, or to simply check on her. 
"I think it will heal just fine. Abby has purified the black magic from it." Iris pursed her lips. "Why I can’t use my divine power? I will feel so weak whenever I tried it..." 
Cane listened to her, but he didn’t say anything. Iris became a little bit chatter now. She became herself, but more cheerful. 
Was she like this too when she forced herself to forget about what Kellan did to her? 
"Cane, why Grace has never given me concoction again?" Iris used to drink her concoction, but Grace said she was already healthy, so there was no need to drink it. 
"We have run out of the water magic stone," Cane replied. 
"Oh," Iris intoned, she looked down, feeling sad and Cane caught the sight of her. 
"You don’t need it again, you are already fine now. You only need to eat and rest well." Cane stood up and sat down next to her. "I told you, I changed my mind. I don’t really want a child. There are a lot of things that’s going on, having another life at time like this is not wise. It will be very dangerous." 
"What about after that?" Iris didn’t want to drop the subject. Cane wouldn’t change his mind all of sudden. He was not a fickle person. "Are we going to try?" 
Cane kissed the tip of her nose. "I have you and that’s enough." 
Iris liked what he said and wrapped her arms around his neck, as she deepened their kiss. She playfully pushed him to the bed and start to kiss his neck, but Cane avoided her. 
"I was outside for a whole day, I am dirty. I need to clean up first." Cane saw the hurt in Iris’s eyes and he felt like someone just stabbed him. "I will be right back, okay?" 
Iris looked away, it was obvious she was upset. "Is there someone else?"
###Chapter 774: I ALWAYS WANT YOU
Chapter 774: I ALWAYS WANT YOU
Iris averted her eyes, it was obvious she was upset. "Is there someone else?" she asked in small voice when Cane was about to push her away. 
"What?" Cane stopped his movement and let Iris laid against his chest. 
"Do you have another woman?"
"What kind of nonsense is that?" 
"You have been putting some distance from me. You subtly rejected me. Do you think I don’t know that?" Iris gritted her teeth to hold back her sadness. 
"There is no way I rejected you, Iris." Cane reassured her, he relaxed a bit and played with her hair. 
"You did." Iris got off his chest and was about to leave, but Cane pulled her back, flipped her body and pinned her down against the bed. "Am I not attractive anymore in your eyes?" she wanted to sound brave and nonchalant, but the voice came out so pitiful. 
In the past two weeks, Cane avoided her, not physically, but it seemed like he was holding back his affection toward her. He made sure they didn’t go astray from simply holding hand and sweet kisses, a cuddle or two if Iris was making a fuss because he treated her very carefully. 
"Did I do something wrong that upset you, which I was not aware of?" 
"Of course not, you have never done anything wrong to upset me, love..." Cane said. Recently, he always used that endearment to appease her. "I am sorry if you thought that way. Maybe because I am a little bit busy and tired." 
Iris blushed when she heard the way Cane called her. At the beginning, she also though that she was being irrational and overthinking, since Cane must be very busy lately, hence he was withdrawn emotionally, but there was something that kept bothering her heart and mind, yet she couldn’t put her fingers in it. 
What was that feeling? 
"I want to help," Iris said in small voice. 
Cane sighed deeply and kissed her forehead. His kiss lingered a little bit longer, as he cradled her head and caressed her cheek, made their body extremely close. Iris liked his weight on her, of course, he didn’t put it all, but it was enough to make Iris felt like his body cocooned her. 
"You are already helpful just by breathing," Cane said softly. "Keep smiling, Iris. I feel my days are easier when I saw your smile." 
Iris felt very giddy when she heard that. Recently, Cane had been very generous with his expression of love. He let Iris to see his vulnerable side and showed her how much she meant for him. She was not sure what changed, but she liked this. 
However, Iris still couldn’t shake off this nagging feeling, where she felt Cane was being emotionally withdrawn from her and the occasionally emptiness in his eyes, despite what he said and the way he treated her. 
"I feel disconnected from you recently, Cane. I feel like you are so far away from me," Iris confessed. She used to voice out what she felt and Cane learned how to slowly communicate his feeling from her. "Even now, I feel like there is this invisible wall that separate use, though you are kissing me now. I can’t understand why I feel this way, but I really feel it." 
Cane lifted his head slightly and stared into her eyes, while Iris stretched out her hand and ran her finger on his brows. "You have sadness look in your eyes. Why are you sad?" 
Cane didn’t answer that. He simply stared into her eyes deeply and for a moment, the room became very quiet, only the sound of their beating heart and breathing that could be heard, echoing loudly inside this bedroom. 
"This battle worn you out..." Iris said softly. "I wish I can bring a little bit happiness in your life." 
Cane closed his eyes, he felt her touch and savored this moment. "If there is happiness that I feel in this chaotic world, it must come from you, Iris. You are the happiness and joy in this wretched life." 
Iris couldn’t help, but teared up. 
Iris used to feel she was insignificant, often be a burden and had never done enough. But, Cane always said that she was beautiful. It took her long enough to believe it, but once she did, she believed every word that came from his lips. 
So, when Cane told her she was the happiness and joy in his life, she felt his love for her. Her heart burst with contentment. 
"I love you, Cane..." 
All of sudden there was this little light came from her and they illuminated the room, like fireflies that surrounded them. Maybe Iris needed to learn how to control her power more, but at this time, she couldn’t care less about it. 
For the first time, she felt this surge of power and the day ahead was not as bleak. As long as she had him, they would be able to go through all the adversity that was thrown at them. 
Right? 
"You are my world, Iris." Cane gave up. He leaned over and captured her lips. He kissed her painfully slow, as if he didn’t want to miss any second of it, while his hand caressed her arms, down to her stomach, where he stopped. 
However, Iris wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer, she mimicked what he did to her. She closed her eyes and hugged her even tighter. She liked his weight on top of her body. 
"Your wound," Cane said between their kisses. 
However, Iris didn’t want to care about her wound, she wanted to be close with him. She needed to be close with him, so she could get rid of this nagging feeling in her heart that told her there was distance between them. 
Like before, Cane tried to break their kisses, but Iris didn’t want to let him go, not now when she needed him the most to calm the restlessness in her heart. 
"Cane, I want you..." she called out despite herself, her voice soft enough to make one melt. 
Iris didn’t have to do anything beyond a single word to crush the last line of defense in his heart. Cane lowered his head again, but he didn’t linger on her lips this time. Instead, he traced downwards to follow along the line of her neck in a trail of kisses that alternated between sucking and light nibbling. 
The medicine from Grace helped Iris to heal faster after giving birth, now she was no longer bleeding or lactating, which made it believable there was nothing wrong with her body, neither there was any trace of her pregnancy. 
Cane was also at lost, he needed to be close with his mate. Seeing her smiling face was another kind of torture for him, but at the same time, he didn’t have a heart to send her back to her the lowest point in her life. 
He wanted to forget everything and let himself lost in her. 
Gradually, Cane pushed aside her robes. Lost beneath his kisses, while Iris closed her eyes and only felt her entire body grow hot as her thoughts and feelings hummed with excitement to get her mate back. 
And yet, it was then that Cane abruptly stopped, the disappointment sunk in Iris’s stomach, thinking this was when he would reject her again and as the space before her grew empty, she felt a sense of sadness. 
Where they went wrong? Why he rejected her? 
"Cane..." Iris opened her eyes and was surprised to watch Cane was currently immersing himself with her body! He hovered above her and stared at her naked body with his hooded eyes. 
His gaze fixated on her body, admiring every bit of loveliness from bottom to top without neglecting an inch. It seemed like he was checking to see if she was hurt, but also appreciating her beauty at the same time. He took all of her into his eyes. 
Iris was embarrassed by the way he was staring at her, causing her cool white skin to turn another shade of pink. She had no idea how alluring she looked right now. 
"Cane..." Iris couldn’t even finish her sentence, because Cane was kissing her stomach. 
He traced another line of kisses all the way up her breasts, while stripping her of her remaining night dress. In the end, Iris was left bare. 
Her face had long started flushing, her senses on full alert. 
At this moment, Cane was staring right into her eyes, his gaze was so deep that it was impossible to tell what he was thinking. 
"Cane, stop staring at me like that..." Iris felt a little bit awkward now. This was not the first time they did it, but why he was very serious? He looked like he was having a fight with himself. "It’s fine if you don’t want me, don’t force yourself," Iris felt stupid to say the last word. 
However, as the answer, Cane took off all his clothes and held her tighter, he buried his face on the crook of her shoulder. Without the fabric between them, they were truly touching skin to skin. Iris was perplexed with his reaction. She gripped his shoulders. 
"Cane, what’s wrong?" Iris asked softly, something bothered him greatly and she could sense it. 
Cane finally lifted his head and stared into her eyes again. His lust-filled eyes finally regained a trace of clarity. His gaze grew gentle and clear. "I always want you, Iris. Don’t ever think that I don’t want you." He used the gentlest voice to reassure her.
###Chapter 775: LEWD MIND AND NICE MORNING
Chapter 775: LEWD MIND AND NICE MORNING
Each and every moan that reached Cane’s ears drove him deeper into his deepest desire to have her. Even though they were joined as one, Cane still didn’t feel it was enough. He still needed to be close with her, he wanted there was nothing would separate them. 
Iris felt the same, she met with his every thrust and called his name between her cries, as they took pleasure from each other. This was a safe heaven and everything that they needed currently. 
"Just what should I do to have you utterly...?" Cane whispered desperately to her ear, as he let himself to lose in her. Her soft skin, her warmth breath and the way she bit his shoulder when she was so close, her breathing labored. 
He wanted to be with this woman until his last breath and didn’t want to let go even after that. He wanted to give her the world, but all he had given her was only pain. How he should make up to her? How he could give her the happiness she deserved? 
"Let it go, love..." Cane whispered to her, as he nibbled on her earlobe and made her shuddered even more. 
Cane’s tempo grew more and more intense, faster and faster. Sweat trickled slowly down his resolute face and Iris saw his soaked form and frantic pace, combined with the wildness in his eyes. 
This was what she wanted, she wanted him to let loose with her. 
"Hnn....mnnh..." Iris moaned, enjoying things immensely. Cane suddenly gave a vicious thrust that made her tremble. Her whole body shuddered as she exclaimed, "Cane... ah!" 
Before she could finish, the aftermath of his thrust had dissipated into wave after wave of crescendos within her body. 
Iris was loved until her mind shattered into pieces. In the end, she couldn’t help but exhale, "Cane... I really love you..." 
Cane replied with a deep kiss, as he came undone after her. Iris could feel the warmth between her legs, trickled down from her inner thigh and the smell of their sex filled the room. 
She felt fulfilled, satisfied and loved. 
This sex was not about pleasure alone, but it was something they desired, the connection and the bond they desperately needed to fill the void in their heart, to heal the wounds eyes couldn’t see. 
After four hours in the intense throes of passion. Iris finally fell asleep, she curled herself in Cane’s embrace and snuggled even closer when the chilly winter breeze went through the crack of the window. 
Cane pulled the blanket to cover her nakedness, as he got off the bed and added more firewood into the fireplace. The room was already very warm, but he knew it was not warm enough for his mate. 
Therefore, even though he knew it was too hot for him, he simply wiped his sweat and returned to the bed again. He hugged her over the blanket. Her little face looked so peaceful and Cane gave a little kiss on the tip of her nose. 
Outside, the moon shone dully and a chilly winter breeze swept through the silent of the night, morning would come in few hours. 
Finally, Cane got the rest that he needed the most, feeling satisfied and at peace. This feeling wouldn’t be permanent, because once the day came, there were boundless trouble he needed to face. 
However, he let his guard down for tonight and put aside his worry and restlessness to savor the presence of his mate. 
The next morning, Iris found herself was sprawling on Cane’s chest, listening to his heartbeat as he held her with one hand and played with her strands of hair in the other. For a moment, they forgot all else. 
Iris still felt very sleepy, she wanted to sleep again, especially when Cane played with her hair and how warm he was. Iris felt her body still remembered what happened last night and this made her blushed. Her lower body felt so sore, but he didn’t regret it. 
She was exhausted enough to fight against sleep, but forced herself to keep them open. She didn’t want to miss out on this soft and beautiful moment with him. 
"Hungry?" Cane asked. 
That was a simple question, but Iris felt the wall that barred them had vanished. She couldn’t explain it, but she felt the connection between them again, as if the distance grew closer. 
"Famish..." She said timidly. 
"I will get something for us to eat," Cane said, he kissed her forehead and was about to get off the bed when Iris grabbed his arm. 
"This is still early." Iris glanced at the sky that was still dark. "I don’t think someone have woken up to prepare meal." She felt bad if she had to wake someone up so early in the winter. 
Cane took her hand and kissed her palm. "I will cook something for you." 
Hearing that, Iris beamed excitedly and this put a small smile on the corner of Cane’s lips to see how her eyes lit up beautifully. 
"I want to go with you!" she said, she threw the blanket aside, forgetting the fact she was still naked. Once Iris realized it, she immediately covered herself with the blanket again. "Wait! I will put on my dress first!" Her face was very red, even her neck too. Her sleepiness had disappeared almost in an instant. 
However, Cane didn’t let her, as he scooped her up in his arms and carried her out of the room with only the blanket wrapped around her body. 
"Cane!" Iris could see this mischievousness in his eyes, something that she had been missing, since there was nothing good that happened recently. Thus, seeing her relaxed and teasing her like this made Iris felt in a really great mood. 
"No one will be in the kitchen," Cane said, as he lowered her body slightly for her to open the door, since he couldn’t use his arms. 
Iris giggled and opened it only to meet with three pair of eyes, staring at them dumbfoundedly. 
Once again, she forgot there were people outside of their bedroom and she was not sure whether or not they could hear them last night. 
"Ah!" Iris immediately buried her face against the crook of Cane’s shoulder, she tightened the blanket around her body, albeit knowing Cane wouldn’t have let her be naked in front of other people. 
"You don’t need to follow us," Cane said to Eron, Otis and Kian, who were dumbstruck and standing rooted in their place. The smell that came from their alpha and luna made them lowered their head and blushed. 
"Y- yes, alpha," they replied in unison. 
They didn’t want to go following them either! It was clear they would have it again somewhere, noticing how their luna was lacking of dress. 
However, seeing how their alpha and the luna got along so well and it seemed things had gone back to normal, as normal as it could be with everything that happened, it made them at ease as well. 
The two of them deserved to get a break from this crazy and chaotic world and they were rather happy for the two of them. 
"What are you going to cook?" Iris asked, after Cane sat her down on the kitchen table in the middle. She looked disheveled, her face looked so fresh and her scent was so sweet. 
"What do you want to eat?" Cane asked, he put his arms on the side of her body, trapped her, while his warm breath tickled her face. He was very close, as if he was teasing her again. 
"I want something spicy with egg..." Iris said after she was thinking about it for a while. "And meat and... I want that soup..." 
"What soup?" Cane asked, as he nibbled on her chin, distracting her. 
"That soup... you gave me before... the soup with Rosemary leaves... ah, but it will be hard to find it here..." Iris wanted to close her eyes and give in to the temptation. She was hungry and tired, okay? But, why her mind was so lewd? 
"We have it here. I asked someone to bring it three days ago," Cane said. He remembered, Iris liked this particular soup with this Rosemary leaves. He remembered everything about her and every inch of her skin. 
Cane kissed her neck now, as he cupped her face and nibbled on her collarbone, left Iris breathless and speechless. 
Iris completely forgot about her little mission to convince Cane to take her to the battle tomorrow. This big, bad alpha was very cunning! He knew exactly how to distract her mind even though he used the same method and Iris was well aware of that, but why would she fall for this over and over again? Ugh! 
"You did?" 
"Hm..." Cane’s hand became restless as he cupped her breast and it seemed, he was going to have his cake first before he fed his mate, but when Iris’s lewd mind started imagining thing, Cane stopped and simply kissed her forehead. "Wait for a while." 
And just like that, as if there was nothing happened, Cane turned around and started to cook two meals for both of them. He moved very swiftly, as if he had done this countless time before and despite her disappointment because things didn’t go further as she expected, Iris was giddy to eat Cane’s home cook meal. 
Occasionally, he would let her to taste it. 
"Hm, this is nice!" Iris beamed, but Cane kissed her lips and inserted his tongue before he pulled back and agreed. 
"Yes, this is nice."
###Chapter 776: DO YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW?
Chapter 776: DO YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW?
When Iris finally returned to their bedroom, she was well fed and happy, but when she looked her reflection on the bronze mirror, she shrieked. 
"Cane!" 
Her chest littered with small kissmark from her mate, it went up her neck. Iris looked terrified to see her own reflection. 
Currently, they were in the bathroom and Cane would ’help’ Iris to clean herself. 
Because there was no response, Iris turned around to saw the culprit was leaning his back against the wall of the bathroom, crossing his arms and staring at her, as if he was proud of what he had done. 
"Cane!" Iris shrieked once again, not because she was upset with him, but she was shock to see him naked. 
"What is it? You have called my name so many times this morning alone," Cane said, he approached Iris and hugged her from behind. 
Iris felt her face and body turned very hot, because she felt like there was double meaning in the way Cane was saying his sentence, more so, she could feel his hardness rested on her back. He seemed not to have enough and was unsatiable. 
Why would he hold himself back all this time when he was barely able to put his hands off her? 
"C- Cane... I am sore..." Iris whimpered pitifully when his hand rested against her stomach. He caressed her there and kissed her shoulder, hiding his expression for her to see. 
"Hm. I will only clean you up." 
That sounded so innocent... 
But true to his words, Cane didn’t do anything anymore to her and when he was done, he helped her to dry her hair. 
It felt like in the past. Even when they had never had a peaceful life, but at the very least, it was not as chaotic as right now. 
"I will see you tonight, okay?" Cane kissed her cheek after he was done styling her hair. He kissed her shoulders and crouched down in front of her. "Don’t walk around too much." 
Iris blushed. "I will only see the children..." she said. After all, aside from following Cane to a meeting or two with the Serafim and the people from the Holy Kingdom, she would spend her time with the children in this pack. 
She had grown fond of them. 
Cane balled his fists and then smiled gently at her. "Okay. Don’t be too tired." 
"Okay. Abby will be there too." 
Cane nodded. He needed to go for the last join training between the Howling Wolf pack’s warriors, Blue Moon pack’s warriors and the Holy Kingdom. 
The two packs had a bad blood, thus it was hard to make them coordinated with each other and Redmond currently got the backlash. 
For Blue Moon pack he was seen as a traitor, but after the a few altercations between the two packs during the training, Redmond and the warriors from the Howling Wolf pack’s relationship became a little bit awkward. 
Cane needed to be there to assert their priority, or else, the two packs would start killing each other even before they went to the battle tomorrow. 
After Cane left, Amee and Hanna went inside, the two of them were beaming to see her. Iris’s happiness must be radiated from her body and this was contagious, which made the two of them were smiling as well. 
"You look so beautiful, luna." Amee touched her hair. She knew Cane was really taking care of Iris and this made her very happy for the two of them. 
Moreover, Iris looked way cheerful than usual. 
The scent was still lingered inside the room, though Iris couldn’t smell it, but as shifter of course the two of them felt dizzy with the scent. 
Iris went out to see the children with them and the five warriors. Zale was there also the moment he heard the luna would come. 
They met with Sofia and Trion, who were holding the babies. 
Because of what happened, they concentrated to distribute the food in the orphanage, so people needed to come to get their food, unless you were warriors and knights, someone would distribute the food in the training ground. 
So, it was inevitable for Iris to meet with Sofia for a few times. They didn’t interact much, but Sofia would give Iris a second glance to see how normal she was. 
At first, she didn’t believe that she forgot about everything that happened. How could a mother forget about losing your children? But, after seeing her a few times, she was convinced that’s what happened. 
"Shouldn’t someone remind her about her babies? How could it fair to let her forget about her babies? If I were her, I want someone to remind me. No matter how bad it is, I will feel awful to forget about my babies." Sofia held baby Rye closed to him, while Trion got food for both of them. 
The two of them were on their way back to the house. 
Even though Redmond had voiced out his disliked to find Trion lingered around Sofia and his son, but the fact Sofia had to take care two babies and she still needed protection, just in case the Howling Wolf pack member did something awful to her, made Redmond relented. He himself couldn’t be there because he needed to keep Blue Moon pack’s warrior in check. 
"The alpha has made his own decision, you better stay away from this." Trion gave her a warning look, lest this woman wanted to try something funny. If that happened, no one would be able to save her ass from the alpha’s rage. "Alpha Cane has a lot to take care of, don’t add more trouble." 
Sofia rolled her eyes. "I only voice out my opinion, don’t be too sensitive. More so, how it is fair for her to forget and act normal, while your alpha is the one, who took the brunt. Grief needs to be shared, or else, your alpha will explode to shoulder it alone." 
Trion said nothing about what Sofia said, he glanced over his shoulder and watched how his luna interacted with children. She was really good with children, as if she was born with that instinct. 
On the other hand, Iris was with the children when she caught a sight of Lou. She was sure the merchant saw her, but he purposely turned around and tried to avoid her. 
Iris frowned. This was not the first time Lou acted like this. He clearly avoided her, but she didn’t know what was his problem. 
"Lou!" Iris rushed after him, before she realized it. She had been feeling something was wrong, but she couldn’t point her finger on what actually had gone wrong and Lou’s behavior was very obvious. "Lou! Stop right there!" 
Lou grunted, but he stopped walking away and turned around to smile brightly at her. "What? Do you miss me?" he grinned. 
This was the way he teased her all the time, but Iris could feel the sadness and agitation in his eyes. "Leave us alone," Iris said when Hanna approached her along with the other five warriors. 
"Missy, we need to go..." 
Iris narrowed her eyes, they acted weirdly and became unnecessarily uneasy. This only made Iris became even more suspicious. "I said I want to talk with him." 
"Sir Lou, I think the alpha is looking for you, come I will escort you to meet with him." Otis took the initiative. If they couldn’t make the luna to be away from Lou, then they needed to take the merchant from being too close with their luna. 
"I just met with your alpha, actually and I don’t need you to escort me to meet with him. I know exactly where he is." Lou crossed his arms. He looked at them smugly. 
He was one of the people, who was against Cane’s idea to conceal the truth from Iris, but he couldn’t do anything too, since he didn’t know what would happen if she was being reminded. He didn’t want to see her so depress like before either and couldn’t come up with another solution, which was very annoying. Couldn’t he bless with sharper brain? 
"Don’t follow us," Iris said to them sternly. "Come here, Lou." She walked away from them and asked Lou to come with her. 
Hanna and the rest of the warriors looked worried. 
"Sir, the alpha will not happy with this." Hanna tried to remind Lou about what the alpha had warned them not to do. 
Lou scoffed. "I would rather make your luna happy, even if I have to anger him." 
"Sir Lou!" Zephyr snarled at him, but the merchant had walked away and followed Iris happily. It was a rare occasion for her to choose him instead of those people. 
"What happened." Zale approached them, he saw the luna went away with that ugly merchant, so he immediately rushed here. "Why the luna went with him?" 
"No. Where are you going?" Zephyr immediately caught Zale and prevented him from approaching the luna and Lou. 
"Alpha Cane said not to allow that merchant to be close with the luna!" Zale struggled to get away from Zephyr’s grip. 
"You followed the alpha’s order only if you like it." Kian made a remark. 
With that, they didn’t follow Iris and Lou, since they couldn’t disobey their luna too, more so, it would only make her be more suspicious. 
"Tell me what is it, Lou?" Iris asked, once they had walked away from the crowd and no one could overhear their conversation. 
"Do you really want to know?" Lou tilted his head. 
"Yes."
###Chapter 777: ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT ME AWAY?
Chapter 777: ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT ME AWAY?
The moment Lou asked whether or not she wanted to know why he acted out of his character, Iris knew, there was something serious behind the reason of this nagging feeling. 
Iris was reassured when Cane finally opened up to her and did not reject her advance, he became affectionate with her again, but once Cane went away and the butterfly in her stomach stopped fluttering its wings, that weird feeling came again. 
Especially after she saw Lou. 
In the past, no matter how she tried to push him away, he would stick to her and never miss the opportunity to one up Cane. 
Therefore, when she saw Lou was acting weird toward her, she knew Cane was hiding something and for odd reason, Lou agreed with him, therefore he avoided her, since he couldn’t resist not to tell her. 
"That’s what happened, right?" Iris voiced out all of her suspicion. She couldn’t rely on Aliana and the other because they obeyed Cane blindly and even if Hanna couldn’t tell her, the only person whom she could get the answer was this merchant. "Cane has been hiding something and you agreed with his decision." 
Lou raised his brows. He was surprised that her guess was rather accurate. "Wow! You are smart!" 
Iris frowned, it didn’t sound like a praise at all. "And what is it that he has been hiding from me, until all of you agreed with him. Even you agreed with him." 
Lou raised both of his arms. He looked offended to be said he agreed with that alpha’s idea. "I did not. I do not agree with him." 
"Then, tell me what is it?" Iris looked calm and collected, it was so different from herself two weeks ago. 
Was it alright to tell her about what happened? She looked like she could handle it... Lou actually contemplated it. 
"Have something like this ever happened to you before?" He looked serious when he asked the question. 
"Something like what?" Now Iris was confused. 
"Have something really, really bad happened to you and you force yourself to forget about the event completely?" Lou looked at her more intensely and he could see the shock on her face. "So, it happened before. What is it? Who had hurt you before?" His voice when he asked this laced with subtle anger. 
Iris balled her fists, her face scrunched as she took a step back, but then her jaw hardened. "That’s none of your business," she said through her gritted teeth, her voice was dark and deep, a flicker of hatred crossed her eyes. 
Seeing that, Lou knew it was something serious. Suddenly, he felt this rage to think someone had hurt her until she forced herself to forget about it. 
That person had hurt her to the point the pain was equal to losing her babies? Who was that bastard!? 
============================= 
Kellan stared at Cezi, the son of alpha Derick looked very furious when he saw his sister’s condition. Arella was laying on the bed, she didn’t move and unable to speak. She was paralyzed! 
Kellan purposefully asked someone to bring Arella here in his campsite, because he heard Alpha Derick and Cezi would come as his reinforcement. It was almost a month, but Kellan still couldn’t penetrate Diandem pack, all of that thanked to a hundred dark magic users that alpha Colter had to defend the place. 
They had tried all method and right now, they could only wait until they ran out of their food. Eventually, they would come out on their own. That was the best strategy Kellan could come up with. 
"What happened with her?!" Cezi was furious, while his father couldn’t utter a single word, as he crouched down next to the bed and held Arella’s hand. His precious daughter was crying, but her body was paralyzed. She couldn’t even move a finger, neither she could talk. It was only her eyes that was still able to look around. Those eyes were very red, as tears streamed down her cheeks. 
Kellan gritted his teeth and then fell to his knees in front of alpha Derick and Cezi. He had his head hung so low. "I am sorry for causing this misery for your daughter!" he said. "This is my recklessness that cause her suffering." 
"What actually happened?!" Cezi didn’t want to hear him apologized, he wanted to hear explanation, while his father seemed disconnecting for the rest of the world. 
Alpha Derick had pledged his loyalty and put his whole pack in difficult position, only to preserve his daughter’s life and prove his loyalty to prince Kellan, but then how could his precious daughter end up like this? 
"What happened with her?!" Cezi snarled. He was enraged, you can see the madness in his eyes to learn how his younger sister in this devastated condition. 
"I don’t want to make an accusation, but it is alpha Cane," Kellan blurted out, he then stood up again. 
At first, alpha Derick and Cezi were shocked to see him being able to stand up, but Kellan told them this was because he found a really great healer and actually, what happened with his legs were the cause of black magic. 
His injuries were not really serious, but it was the black magic that prevented him from being able to use his legs all this time. 
Alpha Derick and Cezi couldn’t argue about that, they took his word as it was. More so, alpha Derick still had this blind loyalty toward the prince. He believed everything he said, just like right now. 
"What? What do you mean this is because of Cane?" alpha Derick finally shifted his attention from his daughter. 
"I don’t want you to make a hasty conclusion, but I have my own suspicion." Kellan then proceeded to tell alpha Derick and Cezi about the wine that Cane gave him months ago, where the alpha told him it would help him to sleep better. "...Arella has been homesick and I let her drank it to help her sleep, but she became like this after consuming the wine for a week." 
"What?" Alpha Derick narrowed his eyes. He didn’t believe that. 
"You can ask around, he gave me the wine openly. It’s not a secret." Kellan went to bed and kiss Arella’s forehead. "I am sorry, I have put you your life at risk..." he looked very remorseful. "I will take care of you for the rest of my life. I promise. I will never leave you alone." 
============================= 
That night, Sofia purposefully waited for Redmond to come home, she pretended she was woken up when he opened the door to her bedroom. 
This was Redmond’s routine now to check on her and the baby before he cleaned himself. He would do it again after he had cleaned himself and was ready to sleep. 
The red hair warrior didn’t sleep on the same bed with Sofia, he slept on the couch. As if there was this tacit understanding between them, because this was their sleeping arrangement the last time they were together. 
However tonight, when Redmond was about to check on his baby again for the second time, he found Sofia was awake, she was sitting on the edge of the bed. 
There were two cribs inside the bedroom, the other baby was Lucia. Sofia told her about how she ended up with the baby. 
"I will check on the babies, go back to sleep," Redmond said, as he checked on Rye and glanced at baby lucia. She was breathing, so it was fine, thus Redmond put his focus on his son. 
"Are you going tomorrow?" Sofia had been trying to come up with a random topic, but now she chose to ask him point blank. 
"Yes," Redmond replied, he was mesmerized by his own son and wanted to spend more time with him, but unfortunately, their situation didn’t allow him. In that case, he wanted to spend as much time he had with him. 
"Do you really have to go?" Sofia pressed her lips. 
"Do you want to go in place? I don’t mind to stay here and take care of the babies." Redmond really knew how to ruin a moment by running his mouth carelessly. 
"Fine! Go!" Sofia was upset, she laid down again and pulled the blanket over her head, but she still could hear Redmond’s movement. After a long silence that man actually approached her. 
"What is it? Are you worry about me?" Redmond asked, he sat down on the bed next to Sofia, which made her a little bit flustered because of his bluntness. 
"I am not, I don’t care even if you died." 
After she said that, she felt the blanket was yanked from her and Redmond trapped her between his arms, he hovered above her and his eyes were so intense. 
"Say that again to my face," Redmond said, he didn’t raise his voice, neither he said it with malicious tone. He simply challenged her. 
However, Sofia could only gulp down, her heart was beating so fast. She prayed Redmond wouldn’t be able to hear it. 
"Move away from me!" Sofia hissed. She was afraid the babies would wake up, but when her hands made a contact with his sturdy chest, he was stunned. She could feel the muscles under her palms and this made her blushed. 
Especially when she realized this man was actually pinning her down. 
Redmond smirked, he lowered his head and whispered to her ear. "Are you sure, you want me away?" His warmth breath tickled her skin. 
Tonight, would be the last night they were together before tomorrow battle.
###Chapter 778: THE NIGHT BEFORE THE BATTLE
Chapter 778: THE NIGHT BEFORE THE BATTLE
"Don’t go," Ethan said, he finally met Aliana’s eyes. "Don’t go. You are supposed to be with Iris. You don’t need to go. As long as you asked the alpha, he will not force you to go. He will let you stay with Iris." 
"Finally, you looked at me in the eyes." Aliana was surprised when Ethan came into her bedroom all of sudden, she just finished packing her things, which was not many. 
This room was small and it filled with her scent, which made Ethan became uneasy. She looked lovely tonight with her simple dark blue dress and her hair loose behind her back. He didn’t want to see her in the battlefield no matter how good of a fighter she was. 
Ethan agreed one hundred percent with Jace to not get Aliana involved, but the alpha gave the final decision to her, whether she wanted to stay or come with them, since he deemed Aliana was a grown up female shifter, who could make her own decision for her own life and it was not surprising when Aliana chose the latter. 
The gamma brushed off her remark and went to approach her. "Iris needs you here." 
"The luna has her five warriors, there is no need for me to stay here with her. There are Hanna and Amee too, who would accompany her. They are more than enough." Aliana sat down on a table. There was not many furniture inside this small bedroom and from the look of it, she didn’t sleep here very often. "More so, I can’t stay with her. Seeing her smiling, while not knowing a thing about her babies, as she forgot about them, doesn’t feel right for me. It’s difficult to see her. Don’t get me wrong, I love to see how she is being cheerful again, but I feel so wrong to let her forget about her babies, yet I don’t want to see her being so depressed either." 
Aliana knew the reason why Cane chose this decision. At the very least, seeing Iris could smile again put the alpha’s mind at ease a little. He could find his salvation in her bright side. 
"I don’t care what Cane’s decision for Iris, Aliana. He must have thought about it carefully before he made this decision." Especially when it came to Iris, there was no way he would make a decision lightly. "I only wanted you to be safe, Aliana. Please, what should I do to make you stay here?" 
Ethan knelt in front of her, which made Aliana immediately jumped from the table and knelt also. She didn’t like to see him in that position, because it reminded her on the day of their slavery. "What are you doing?!" 
Now, both of them were kneeling on the cold floor, but none of them cared how the coldness bit their skin. 
"Please, Aliana, stay." Ethan gritted his teeth. "I almost lost you once, I don’t want to experience that kind of hell anymore." 
Ethan still remembered how desperate and hopeless he was when he learned Aliana was stuck under the landslide. The nightmare kept replying in his head during the day and he had to relive it in his dream as well. 
"Ethan, I am not your mate," Aliana said. She held his hands. "One day, if you find your own mate, you will thank me for rejecting you." 
Ethan smiled bitterly. "I am already twenty six years old, I am passed the age to find my mate. Maybe I have none." Ethan twisted his hand and held hers instead. "I want you, Aliana. I love you." 
"I love my mate, Ethan." Tear trickled down Aliana’s eyes when she said that. Her heart ached when she talked about him. "I always do. I have no room in my heart to love you." 
Ethan knew that would be her answer, he knew how much Aliana loved her late mate and how devastated she was when the only reminder of her mate, their baby, didn’t make it. "Even if you don’t want me, I want you to be safe." 
I don’t want to be safe, Ethan... 
Aliana wanted to say it to him, but she chose to bite her tongue. 
Her mate, her baby, they were the only people that occupied her heart and even if she didn’t make it in the battle, she was not afraid, because it meant, she would join them. But, before that, she wanted to make the best of her life. 
"I am sorry, I can’t. I will go tomorrow." Aliana raised her hand and caressed his cheek. "Let’s do our best, okay?" 
============================= 
"I am going to meet with Kian," Nala said. She was on her wits end with Lou. This man had been ignoring her for days! He acted so miserable and became weirdly quiet, which made her uncomfortable. Not to mention his ability to make the atmosphere became so depressed with only his presence alone. "I will not return until tomorrow and I will choose to see him off." 
Nala was upset when Lou didn’t give any reaction, he was still sitting on the windowsill. There was no response at all to her information. 
Lou and Kian would go to the battle tomorrow and as Lou’s woman, Nala should be by his side, especially tonight. But, she chose to spend this last night with another man, while the merchant didn’t seem to care. 
"I am going now!" Nala raised her voice. She stabbed her palms with her claws, trying to hold back her feeling. There were no emotions whatsoever from Lou. He kept staring at the distance and didn’t even acknowledge her. 
However, before Nala stormed out of the bedroom, Lou finally spoke. "Do you really like him?" he asked, but his eyes were still on the pale moon in the sky. 
"What?" Nala stopped in her track, she turned around and looked at stared at this unpredictable merchant. "What do you mean?" 
"Do you like that man?" This time, Lou tilted his head and gave her his attention. "Do you want to be with him?" 
"What the meaning of your question?" Nala was upset. "I went to Kian because you told me to gather information from him, to fulfil your obsession for a certain luna," Nala sneered, but Lou didn’t seem affected by it. 
"Have you?" Lou got off from the spot where he had perched and approached Nala. "Have you gathered something important?" 
Nala pressed her lips. "I have tried, I swear I have tried, but he is very tight lips, I can’t get anything out of him! Don’t blame me!" 
"So, do you really want to go to him even though it is useless?" Lou asked again, he crossed his arms. His tall body towered above her. 
Nala lowered her eyes. She stared at the floor, couldn’t find the answer for the question. "You look like you don’t want me here." 
Lou clicked his tongue and then went to bed, but before that he gave her an order nonchalantly. "Stay. I need you to massage my feet." 
"What?!" Nala raised her head, her melancholic self vanished, now she was fuming. "Sure, I will massage you with fire poker!" 
============================= 
Cane was surprised to see Iris came to the training ground, she was wearing a thick cloak because it was rather cold tonight, even though the winter almost ended. 
"You don’t need to come," Cane said, as he approached Iris and put his palms on her cold cheeks, his brows furrowed, but his mate mewled because his rough skin felt so hot against her cheeks. 
"I miss you," Iris said, closing her eyes, while Cane took her hand to get her away from there. 
Iris came with the other warriors, but Hanna and Amee were still helping with the children in this pack. There were a lot of them. 
"Cane?" Iris called his name softly. 
"Hm?" Cane pulled her closer, so she wouldn’t be so cold. "What happened?" he asked when Iris didn’t say anything. 
Iris stared at him, until the alpha stopped walking and focused on her. 
"What is it?" 
"Do I hurt you?" Iris asked out of the blue. 
Lou was very vogue with his answer when she asked him about the thing that people had been hiding from her. He only said; if she remembered that, she would be hurt, but now she forgot about it, it left Cane to be hurt alone. 
And when Iris prodded, Lou didn’t want to give a definite answer. She needed to remember it on her own, but she saw scared. What had happened to her until she forced herself to forget about it? 
This thing was something as awful as with Kellan... 
================================ 
Decratic chuckled, he stared at a black crow as dark as the night with red eyes that perched on his finger. 
"Hmm... so like that..." he muttered to himself, as he clicked his tongue, but a smirk appeared on the corner of his lips. "You are very cunning Na... is this your way to prevent me from corrupting her heart further? Hmmm... Let’s see how long she will forget... should I come personally to remind her? It will be great... hm..."
Decratic then glanced at Zeke, who had been kneeling in front of him. He looked exhausted because Dexter had gone crazy after he heard what Cane had done to Aria. 
"Do you think your son will be ecstatic to see that alpha?" Decratic asked excitedly. If anything, he was the one, who had fabricated everything to fuel the anger within Dexter. 
He had told Zeke, Aria was still useful...
###Chapter 779: THE NIGHT BEFORE THE BATTLE (2)
Chapter 779: THE NIGHT BEFORE THE BATTLE (2)
"Dexter is not stable right now, he will not be able to cooperate with the other people," Zeke said and then lifted his head. "Let me go in his stead, my lord." 
Zeke looked upset for his son because Dexter was not mentally stable, but he didn’t even bat an eye when he learned his daughter was killed in such brutal way. He was vexed over the fact Cane had harmed that woman, whose Dexter had grown attached to. His plaything... 
Now his son didn’t even want to listen to him at all. This was truly upsetting. 
However, Decratic didn’t agree with his suggestion. "No. I don’t want him to cooperate with the other people. I want him to go wild. I want him to get his revenge and take down as many people as he could... don’t you think that’s what he needed right now? Hm?" 
Zeke lowered his head again solemnly. "If that’s what my lord deemed right, I agreed with it." Zeke’s loyalty to Decratic was unparalleled. It was proven countless times. 
And with that, Decratic resumed his focus on the perching crow on his finger. 
"Na... your interference will mean nothing..." Decratic muttered to himself. He caressed the crow’s head and smirked. "Keeping her heart pure, huh?" he cackled. "What a waste of energy..." 
================================ 
"Will you put this on again?" Will suddenly spoke, as he fished out something from his pocket. 
Hanna and Amee were helping with the children, there were a lot of them and their age ranged between four to twelve years old. 
However, there were a lot of infants too, because the pregnant women just gave birth within these few months. It was hard to track down who was the father of who. 
"Hanna?" Hanna turned her head to look at what Will meant and immediately she teared up. 
Both of them were sitting on a bench, drinking warm ginger because tonight was rather cold and it was a tiring day to say the least, only now they could have some alone time, though they were not really alone, since the children were running around them, being happy to have full stomach and was able to play. 
It seemed, the world in the children’s eyes was very simple. 
"Only if you put it on me again," Hanna replied. This was the same necklace that Will gave to her, it could be considered as his first gift. 
However, Hanna returned it to him when their relationship was having a really hard time, but now the two of them were having a better understanding for each other, Will wanted her to have it again. 
"It will be my pleasure." Will smiled, he felt very lucky to have this woman in his life, more so when she had never really given up on him, despite all the misery he put her through. She was an angel in his eyes and there was nothing could change that. 
Hanna raised her hair and turned her body around, showing her nape, making it easier for Will to put the necklace on her again. 
Carefully, Will put the necklace on her and then kissed her shoulder, which made Hanna blushed. 
"How is it?" Hanna asked, she turned around and saw Will’s eyes softened. 
"Beautiful like always," Will replied, he leaned over and kissed her cheek.
However apparently the children there had taken noticed on them and started to laugh when Will kissed her, they squealed and then cheered for them, which made Hanna’s face turned even redder. 
It was not the first time for Hanna to take care of the children, since she and Will used to be surrounded by the little one when they were in Howling Wolf pack orphanage. 
"What are you staring at?" Will asked, he stood up and started to playfully chase after all of them. 
Laughter filled the air, the crispy sound of their happy cries warmed everyone’s heart. Even when life was not so kind to them, these little angels still found happiness in little things. 
Their laughter also the right medicine to heal Will. That was the best decision alpha Cane had made when he decided to leave Will behind and have him helped Hanna with the children, because in their pure souls, he found his solace and was finally able to deal with himself. 
"Both Will and you will be a great parent," Amee said, as she sat down on the spot where Will was sitting earlier, watching him chasing after the children. "Children love you both." 
Hanna blushed even more, she stared at her man with so much adoration and her imagination ran so wild to think about having Will’s child. 
"I hope there is still happiness left after all this is over." Hanna smiled very gently, as she touched her necklace, while Amee squeezed her other hand. 
"I hope we will find our own happiness in the end," Amee replied softly. 
Once again, they prayed... 
================================= 
Kian looked around, but he couldn’t get a glimpse of her. She said, she would come to find him, but apparently with him here, it was not possible for her to fulfill what she promised him. 
Kian had a self deprecating smile on his face when he found himself wanting to believe what she said. He knew all she said was a big fat lie and she had her own mission to be close with him. He was not that stupid to not know what she wanted, but still... 
"Who are you looking for?" Otis asked Kian, as he walked beside him, it was very obvious something bothered his mind. 
"Nothing," Kian replied, he shook his head and stared at the distance, where the luna and the alpha were having a discussion. 
The merchant must have said something to the luna, but it seemed he didn’t reveal the whole truth, or else, the luna wouldn’t be this calm, while talking to their alpha. 
The sky had turned so dark and the warriors had returned to their quarter, having their last preparation for tomorrow long battle. 
Meanwhile, under the pale moon, the two of them looked so lonely, as they tried to understand each other once again... 
"Do I hurt you?" Iris asked Cane and this made a subtle change on Cane’s expression, but it only lasted for a mere second before she could notice anything. "Do I hurt you, Cane? Do I forget something and it hurt you?" 
"What do you mean?" Cane raised his hand and tucked strands of her hair behind her ear. "How can you hurt me when you are the only joy I have?" 
If she didn’t talk with Lou this afternoon, Iris would have flustered after hearing such sweet words from Cane. Somehow, he became more and more generous with his endearment, his words were sweeter than honey. 
However, Iris couldn’t shake this nagging feeling in her heart and what Lou said only added her restlessness. 
"You hide something from me, Cane," Iris stated. 
"Were you talking to Lou this afternoon and he told you something ridiculous?" Cane asked. His guess was on point and even though Iris didn’t admit it, her expression told him that he was right. 
Cane kissed her lips and then hugged her. He squeezed her small body until she melted in his arms. Of course, the first suspect was that merchant, who had been showing his disagreement for his decision, but the alpha should thank him too for not keeping his words and didn’t tell Iris, or else, his mate wouldn’t have questioned him like this and maybe, he would need to face the depressing Iris before he went to the battle tomorrow. 
"There is nothing for you to be worried about. There is a reason why you don’t remember it." Cane kissed her cheeks and pressed her head against his chest when she was about to protest. "Please, Iris. You don’t need to remember if you couldn’t." 
Iris bit her lips, she waited until Cane let her go, because if she said something right now, he would cut her off immediately. 
Meanwhile, the other five warriors stepped back, they gave their luna and alpha some distance for the two of them to have their moment together, before they had to be separated again tomorrow. 
It would be hard for the two of them, especially with their unusual circumstances. 
"Is it that bad?" Iris asked after Cane loosened up his embrace on her. "Is that so bad until I forget about it?" 
Kellan was the worst thing that had ever happened to her and she still remembered the moment all the memories of what happened to her flooded her mind. The fear, the disgust the feeling of unworthy and how the world crumbled on her feet. 
That kind of feeling was something she didn’t want to revisit again. She didn’t want to feel that agony and misery anymore. 
Called her coward, but if she had to go through that pain again, she would rather no to remember it. Perhaps, Cane was right, it would be better for her not to remember it. 
There was a reason why she forgot about it. 
"Yes," Cane replied. 
"You don’t want me to remember it?" Iris lifted her head, she saw that pain and sadness again in his eyes. "Do I hurt you when I couldn’t remember it?" 
"Yes, I don’t want you to remember it." But then Cane shook his head. "You would hurt me more if you did remember it." 
"I can share the pain with you, Cane." 
Cane knew she couldn’t. "It’s enough like this. Let it be like this."
###Chapter 780: THE DAY BEFORE THE BATTLE
Chapter 780: THE DAY BEFORE THE BATTLE
This was decision Cane had made. He knew what he could take or not. He would rather to shoulder it alone than to see Iris became someone he was barely able to recognize. 
If he had to be hurt, so be it. At the very least, he still could find comfort in her smile... oblivion was a bliss and he wanted her to have it when he couldn’t. 
"Okay..." Iris lifted her head, she raised her hand and touched his cheek. Cane closed his eyes and tilted his head to kiss her palm. "Is there something else I can help you with?" 
She became her former self again, the person that wanted to help Cane with whatever she could, but too afraid to face her own demon. 
Therefore, when Cane told her that she didn’t need to remember, somehow, she felt glad. A tiny part of her heart was relief, albeit the nagging feeling still plagued her mind. 
If she could, Iris didn’t want to remember about what happened with Kellan. It made her felt disgusted with herself and was helpless. She hated that little girl, who was being assaulted by him... 
"Don’t be sad, Iris." Cane opened his eyes and kissed the tip of her nose. "You hurt me so much when I saw you in pain." 
Maybe it was the night, maybe it was because they had gone through so much, or maybe he was already so tired and put their guard down for her, he was defenseless, bared his feeling without any scrupulous, where you talked how you were feeling, instead of what you were thinking... 
Cane had been very vulnerable with his feeling to Iris, despite everything that happened and how he hid the truth from her. 
Maybe because the hidden truth was too massive for him to have the energy to mask his feeling, so he poured his heart out in the open for her to see. He put his heart within her palms and exposed it for her to know, so if one day she learned the truth and she remembered everything, she would know he had done everything he could to protect her even if it costed himself... 
He wished, she could understand and was not very sad... 
Tonight was the last night before tomorrow, where their farewell could be perpetual. 
This night, everyone had their own story to tell, had their own sorrow to bear and a single goodbye that might be lasted forever to share before the inevitable battle. 
Some heart and mind, simply couldn’t rest... 
The next day, around twenty thousand warrior and knights gathered for the last briefing. They would be separated into four groups, the first group would be led by Cane, the second one would be led by Cedric, the third one would be led by Jace and the last one would be led by Redmond. 
The Serafim, Liam and her three personal knights would go with Redmond’s group, because she would be least expected to be in the group of shifters, more so, Redmond’s group was the safest one, since they brought up the rear. 
"She is not that pretty," Sofia muttered, she pursed her lips when she learned about that. 
Redmond didn’t even hear what she said, as he was holding on his son, his eyes lit up with adoration and was mesmerized by little thing that the baby did, even if he just hiccup or yawn. He would praise him, as if he had saved the world. 
"We need to make a lot more like this!" Redmond said, as he laughed to see Rye grabbed his forefinger and bit it, even though he was toothless. 
The red hair warriors looked very carefree, he didn’t seem like a person, who was going to lead his own people to a fierce battle that could lead to their own demise. 
He was happy enough to spend his time with his firstborn and didn’t have time to weep around and be dramatic and melancholic. 
"Did you even hear me?" Sofia grumbled, but she blushed when she heard Redmond’s comment. She was still sore because of last night and was slightly worried because Redmond didn’t have enough rest when he had to be in his best performance for today onward. 
"I hear you just fine," Redmond commented, but he didn’t take his eyes off his son. "All women are the same for me." 
Hearing that, Sofia was not happy, she scoffed. "I wonder how many women you have slept with when you were away, while you were on your so called ’mission’." 
Redmond glanced at Sofia briefly. "I slept with no one," he admitted. "The women I met was either someone, who supposed to be dead or that dark witch, neither of them could turn me on." 
Sofia was speechless. She considered herself to be good with her words, but this man always found a way to shut her up. "I think I am different then, I am sure you were really in good mood last night." 
After saying that, Sofia wanted to kick herself. What actually was she trying to say?! She only wanted to one up him, but she talked without thinking thoroughly and this sounded so lewd! 
Awkwardness engulfed the two of them. It almost like they had this tacit understanding when they woke up in the morning not to talk about what happened at night. 
But then, Redmond cleared his throat and spoke nonchalantly, or he intended it to be sounded like that. "Of course, you are different, you are the mother of my son." 
However, before Sofia could speak and they have more awkward moment, Ethan had come toward them and they immediately clamped their mouth. 
The gamma was not in a good mood, he didn’t have a good night. 
"Hi, Rye! Can you tell your father to start moving? People has gathered and he needs to work his ass off if he wanted to see tomorrow and stop being negligence," Ethan talked to the baby instead of Redmond directly, simply because he wanted to piss him off, since he didn’t want to be in a bad mood alone. 
"Stay away from my son, you bring bad influence!" Redmond growled. 
Ethan raised his brows and crossed his arms in front of his chest, a mischievous smile on the corner of his lips. "Sofia, do you know what he said when the first time he learned you were pregnant?" 
Redmond was alerted, he raised his leg, wanting to kick this gamma out of this realm! 
"Scram! Bother someone else!" Redmond chased Ethan away, while still carrying his son, who was laughing right now. 
"Hey! That’s dangerous!" Sofia followed behind him, chasing after her son, she was afraid the two of them would really start fighting and her son would be in danger. 
However, Ethan only laughed and talked garbage about random thing to piss Redmond off, which took him to his group and the other former warrior of Blue Moon pack saw his son for the first time. 
Of course, Redmond didn’t miss this opportunity to show off his first born to them. 
Sofia stopped chasing after him and then stared at the warriors, who congratulated him. Yes, Redmond was not the alpha of the pack, but the warriors from his pack gave him the utmost respect and because of the bad blood between the two pack, the Blue Moon warriors listened to Redmond more than they did to Ethan or Jace. 
"What are you doing there? Come here!" Redmond said, he waved his hand to Sofia to come closer. He then proceeded to introduce her as the mother of his son. 
This was the first time for Sofia to be introduced, since she became alpha Gallot’s mistress, aside for providing pleasure for him and eventually gave birth to his child if she stayed long enough there, there would never come a day, where she would be introduced to anyone and feel so happy to be acknowledged.
"Wow! She is beautiful, don’t you want to share, Commander?" One of them joked, this was a normal joke among warriors. 
"Touch her and I will eat your heart raw." 
After that, none of them dared to joke about it anymore. 
"Done, I brought him here," Ethan said to Jace. He was told to bring Redmond to his group by the beta, but not with this method. 
Jace could only shake his head. "Childish." 
Aliana approached her brother, she chuckled when she heard the way he grumbled. "You can say they are close," she said. 
Jace glanced at his sister and took a deep breath, but before he could speak what was in his mind, Aliana had cut him first. 
"Save your energy if you wanted to advise me to back down, because I will not," Aliana said. "This is my decision and my decision alone. I am going, whether I am in your group or in the alpha’s, or even with the knights, I am going." 
Aliana was with Jace’s group and the gamma and the beta were trying to convince her to go with Redmond, since his group was less dangerous, but the decision had been made by the alpha and Cedric. 
"At the very least, you got me, can’t you see how unhappy Ethan is when he knew Koda is within his group?" Aliana chuckled, her mood was very light. Snow piled up on her shoulders and Jace brushed it off. 
"He is unhappy because he is worried something bad might happen to you." Jace was not in the mood to joke around with her. "You know that too, Aliana."
###Chapter 781: THE DAY BEFORE THE BATTLE (2)
Chapter 781: THE DAY BEFORE THE BATTLE (2)
Eron and Dyne would stay behind, while Zephyr, Otis and Kian would join Jace’s group to go to the battle. They needed a lot of people to join them, or else, once they fell, everything would fall along with them, there was no one to be saved and everyone would fall into the pity of Decratic, where most of them still had not yet learned the truth and only saw him as King Alan. 
Joel, Finn and Trion would be in Cane’s group along with Dean and Pax and some more warriors and knights. 
Thousands of people gathered, shifters, knights and magic users alike. These faces were the faces they might not see after everything was done, whether they won or lose, there was no war without sacrifices and no one could tell, who was going to meet their demise. 
They were well aware of that fact, after all, you wouldn’t be a warrior or knights in the first place, if you were not ready to give your life to accomplish your task. 
Iris stared at Cane, who was talking to Cedric and Abby, she failed to convince him to let her come, she had told him that she would be a great help. With Na’s life essence within her, her divine power was stronger than Abby. 
Still, Cane didn’t want to listen to her. 
Iris was off limit, no matter how Cedric tried to convince him to let her come with them, since it would be a great help. 
However, Cane’s favorite line to throw it to their faces was; she is not the the Serafim. 
’But she has the first Serafim’s life essence.’ That was how Cedric would retort. This was considered as the top secret and even among Abby’s personal warriors, only Cedric and Liam, who knew about it. 
’Then let the world know she is the Serafim, instead of her.’ 
After that reply, none of them could come up with another argumentation. They had agreed to keep this as a secret, because if the news came out, Abby would be the person, who took the brunt. 
If worse came to worse and the Holy Kingdom forsake her, Abby would have nowhere to go. 
On the other hand, Cane didn’t want to have anything to do with Holy Kingdom. There would be another war, if they tried to take Iris away from him. 
Therefore, this arrangement was perfect for them. 
Cane’s decision about Iris not to come was absolute. He didn’t care whether it was right or wrong, but he would never put Iris in crossfire, even if it could raise his chance to win the war. 
Even if he lost this war, he already had another arrangement for her to escape this continent... 
"For a good luck," Iris said, as she kissed him on the lips when he finally finished talking with his warriors and approached her. 
Cane smiled and kissed her back. "I think I need a lot of it." 
"Can you stop it? I feel unwell to see this sight so early in the morning," Lou complained, he actually rushed here when he saw Iris was alone and wanted to have a conversation with her. 
After he told her some hints yesterday and he was less guilty because he helped Cane to hide the truth from her, he became more than happy to approach her again whenever he got the chance. 
But, why this alpha appeared all of sudden?! Lou only lost his sight on her less than thirty seconds because he had to go through the crowd of shifters, but now Cane was already here! 
And what they were doing in front of so many people!? 
Meanwhile, other people didn’t seem to be bothered, since they used to see something more intimate than this during party in the past. "Hey! Are you going to eat each other?!" Lou grumbled when he saw Cane didn’t have any intention to stop kissing his mate. "Whatever!" he grumbled under his breathe. 
"You can leave, you know, if you don’t want to see it," Zale commented and he startled the merchant. 
"Damn it! What are you doing here?!" he didn’t expect Zale to be there, but this young boy also stared at the alpha and the luna with impassive eyes, yet his sight turned black when the merchant closed his eyes. 
"This is not the sight that a boy in your age can consume," Lou said rightfully, as he held the young boy in his place. 
"Let me go! I told you, right? I have seen your woman kissed the luna’s personal warrior?" Zale wanted to bite his hand, but he only covered his eyes and it was hard to struggle against him. "Let me go!" 
And when Lou finally let him go, he pushed him to the side, as he marched toward Cane and Iris, fuming. They just finished gave each other their ’luck’. Yuck! 
"I want to have a moment with her," Lou said, he didn’t ask, but demanding it. He thought, Cane wouldn’t agree with that, knowing how jealous and insecure this alpha was whenever he approached his mate, at least that was what in Lou’s mind to justify his action. 
However, to his surprise, Cane nodded and then kissed Iris on the lips again briefly. "I will see you again before we set off." 
Cane then tilted his head and beckoned Zale to come with him. He had noticed the young boy’s presence earlier and wanted to have a small talk with him. 
Zale was not less surprise like Lou, he immediately bolted toward the alpha. Despite how often he spoke that he was unsatisfied with him and all the ’lesson’ he gave him with those stupid stones, he seemed very eager to talk with Cane. 
"He really left us alone?" Lou blinked his eyes in disbelief when he watched Cane and Zale walked away. 
Hearing that, Iris giggled. "Why are you very surprise? He is not as bad as you are thinking." 
"He is controlling." 
"That’s only in your mind." No matter what, Iris would come to defense her man, especially to those, who tried to badmouth him. "What do you want to talk about?" Iris changed the topic. She didn’t want to have argumentation with Lou before he went with the warriors and knights. 
Lou finally averted his gaze from Cane and grinned at Iris. He liked to see her smiling like this, which made him felt even more better because he knew had made the right call not to tell her the whole truth. 
"Nothing in particular, I only wanted to see you before I meet my demise." Lou said nonchalantly, he shrugged his shoulders. 
"Lou!" Iris was startled. "Don’t jinx!" No matter how annoying Lou was and how he used to give her more than headache than feeling happy, but she used to have him around and think of him as one of them. Iris didn’t want anything bad happened to him. 
Lou guffawed when he saw Iris’s expression. "I am just joking. I am not that easy to be killed." 
"I don’t like your joke." Iris didn’t laugh with him. 
Lou sighed and then fished out something from his pocket. "Here take this." Lou took her hand and put something on her palm. 
But, when Iris saw it, there was nothing there. It was empty, which made her frowned. "What do you mean with this?" She stared at him with confusion in her eyes. 
Lou chuckled. "If you kissed me, I will let you know." 
The light in her eyes vanished and she turned around without saying anything, which made Lou panicked and chased after her. "Wait! Wait! I am just joking, joking!" Lou stood in front of Iris and stopped her from walking away from him. "Come here, give me your hand." 
Lou didn’t wait for Iris to give him her hand, because she wouldn’t and took her hand instead. He pointed his forefinger on her palm and it showed a bright light, the color of blue. 
Iris immediately retracted her hand and stared at a small dot on the middle of her palm. "What is this?" 
"Magic," Lou said with a grin. "You can channel your power to that small dot if you felt like you were in danger." 
"And then what happened?" Iris lifted her head and looked at Lou. 
"This work like a portal. When you felt like you were in danger, use this and you will be taken to the first place that came to your mind." Lou looked so proud of himself when he explained that. "I wish you will never use it though." Because it meant, she would be in danger and he didn’t like the idea of it. 
"Thank you, Lou. I really appreciate it," Iris said. "I wish to see you again after everything is end." 
"I think I can use your ’good luck’ too," Lou suggested. Of course, what he meant was the way Iris wished Cane a good luck. 
"I don’t think you can even participate in the battle before you met your demise if Cane heard that." Iris took that as he was joking around again. He really had a bad sense of humor. 
Lou grumbled and clicked his tongue. 
"Well, you don’t need to worry about anything. I will keep my word too about your mate." Lou crossed his arms in front of his chest, he said that reluctantly, but Iris didn’t understand what he meant. 
"What is that?" Iris creased her brows. "Did you promise me something about Cane?" 
"You don’t remember?" Lou tilted his head, he looked confused when Iris shook her head.
###Chapter 782: THOSE WHO WERE LEFT BEHIND AND THOSE WHO LEFT
Chapter 782: THOSE WHO WERE LEFT BEHIND AND THOSE WHO LEFT
Lou frowned and a few second later it clicked in his mind. So, she forgot about that part as well. It did make sense, because that same day, she lost her baby and he didn’t want to dig too dip into it. 
With that the merchant simply waved his hand. "Never mind, it’s not anything important. You can just forget it." 
If she didn’t remember it, so it could count, as him was freed from his promise, right? 
After that, Iris went to see Redmond and he personally showed his baby to her, while Iris and Sofia were being cordial with each other. They didn’t interact much, but it seemed there was a tacit understanding between them that they would move on from what happened in the past. 
On the other hand, Zale thought when Cane wanted to talk to him, he expected the alpha to ask him to protect the luna, kept his eyes on her and made sure she was not alone and always accompanied her. 
He expected, he would be given an important task, but then he met with disappointment when the alpha wanted him to show his progress with the stupid stone. 
"Really? At time like this?!" Zale wanted to get angry, but he was still scared to act too outrageous in front of the alpha. "Alpha, can’t you give me a real task?!" Zale complained. 
"Unless you can suddenly control this attitude and emotion of yours, this will be your task." Cane stared at the young boy. "Or you can go ahead and do whatever you want." 
With that was being said, Cane turned around and was about to leave Zale, but he quickly blocked his way and stretched out both of his hands. "Which one?" he asked sullenly. He felt so stupid to play this game with the alpha at critical time like this. 
"Here." Cane tapped his left hand and his guess was right, the stone was there. Zale was pissed, but he couldn’t figure out how the alpha could always guess it. 
Cane took the stone and then this was his turn to let him guess. He stretched out both of his hands. 
Zale tried to sniff both of his hand and guess where the stone was, in the end, he went with his intuition, but his guess was wrong when he chose the left hand. 
"I should have chosen the right hand!" Zale said in frustration, but when Cane opened his right hand, the stone was not there too. "That’s not fair, the stone has never been there in the first place." 
"I have never said the stone will be in either hands," Cane replied, he fished out the stone from his pocket and handed it to Zale again. "You only focus on what you see, you need to see things in whole." Cane patted his shoulder. "Don’t play in someone else’s game, make your own rule." 
Zale blinked his eyes, staring at the stone in his hand. He seemed to grasp what Cane meant with what he said. It was not about the stone to begin with... 
The alpha tried to teach him something that he was lacking of, set his priority in the right path, where sacrificing himself for the luna was not a solution like he always thought he would do the first thing if he faced with such situation. 
Somehow, in weird way, everything related... 
Cane knew Zale was smart, but he was too hotheaded for his own good and he needed someone by Iris’s side, who could voice out their opinion and braved enough to defy him if he thought it was not good for his mate. 
Cane had a lot of people, who would drop everything and follow him blindly, thus he didn’t need Zale to be one of them. 
That afternoon, when winter almost over, Cane’s group set off first. 
After everything was set and they were ready to leave, Cane approached Iris again. He hugged her so tight, while she cried silently on his shoulder. They didn’t say anything, but maybe they didn’t need to, because this silence and the feeling of each other presence was all they needed right now. 
Cane kissed her forehead, her cheeks, the tip of her nose, her lips and her palms, when he saw that small dot.
"What is this?" Cane asked and Iris explained. He listened and only nodded at the explanation. As long as it was not a weird thing that Lou put on his mate, he wouldn’t mind another layer of protection for her when he was not around. 
"Come back to me, Cane. No matter how, you need to come back to me," Iris said. She paused for a while, because she felt familiar with the words she was saying, as if she had said the same thing before. "Even if you have to use the lycan power, just do it. As long as you are comeback, we will face everything together." Iris meant every word she said, but she got this feeling, as if she was having a déjà vu. 
"I will." Cane kissed her forehead and then left first with his group. 
The sky was clear, the weather was not so cold, but the silent that engulfed them was louder than the sound of their marching steps toward the battle. 
Those people, who were left behind could only watch those brave warriors, knights and magic users left the pack. They didn’t know when they would meet with each other again or what kind of news they would receive in the next few days. 
Those, who were left behind could only pray for their safety and wished for the best result. They wanted everything to come to end very soon. 
And for those who left, they knew death was right before their eyes and one wrong step could lead them to their death. 
Under the clear sky and warm sunlight, everyone tried to be strong, to be brave and keep their spirit high, but needless to say, there was nothing much they could do to predict the end of it... 
============================== 
"Are you ready, Dexter?" Decratic asked, he patted Dexter’s shoulder, his eyes lit up in the dark, as both of them stood in the mouth of a huge cave, where a pair of red eyes, as red as blood stared back at them. "I will give you this honor to have him." 
"Dexter, it will be an honor for you," Zeke said from behind his son, he was thrilled when he learned about what Decratic had planned for Dexter and felt so proud of him. 
However, Dexter didn’t say much, he simply stepped into the darkness, where the sound of the deafening roar of the monster shook the entire cave and ground. 
From the sound of it alone, you could tell this monster was massive. This was the monster that you didn’t even want to meet even in your dream. 
Something very vicious and malicious came from this monster alone, you could feel the presence of it even when you didn’t see the entirety of this living being. 
Even the monsters around this Untouched Land felt restless, as they could sense this certain monster became active lately. 
If even the monsters were scared of this certain creature, one could imagine the fear that it spread throughout the whole continent, if it really came out of its lair... 
"My lord, are you not going to ride it yourself to the battle?" Zeke gathered his courage to ask this question. Of course, he was proud of Dexter to be able to ride the monster first, but then he couldn’t help, but became curious what Decratic would do. 
"There is another thing more important than the battle," Decratic replied vaguely and Zeke didn’t dare to ask about it any further. "What about them? When they would arrive?" 
Zeke knew immediately what Decratic meant with ’them’. "The word had spread and all the worshipers have gotten our message about how your return, the moment they could sail, they will head here from the east, they will arrive within a month after the winter ended." 
The east harbor was in Winter Moon pack, unfortunately its alpha fell into Cane’s hand, but Decratic didn’t mind it at all, because Nolan was not his precious piece, he was only a pawn in his chessboard. 
============================== 
It took Cane’s group a day and half when they finally arrived. Night had fallen and the sky was dark with the light from the moon was hiding behind the gloomy cloud. 
Cane only brought three thousand warriors with him and a thousand knights along with three magic users, including Lou, who stood on his right side and Ethan assumed his position as the gamma on his left side. 
The first thing they saw when they had crossed the border of the Riverside pack to the Crystal Moon pack was Jax. He was alpha Nolan’s beta. He looked furious when he heard the alpha was being taken as a hostage and was tortured badly, especially when he heard Cane had killed Lando, the future alpha of their pack. 
Therefore, here he was with Xo, the beta of alpha Gallot, leading ten thousand warriors to face Cane. They outnumbered Cane’s force in double and felt very confident to be able to kill them all within less than a day. 
"CANE! HAND OVER ALPHA NOLAN!" Jax roared. 
However, it was not Cane, who answered that, but Ethan. He beckoned a warrior to bring something and then dropped it to the ground, before he kicked it as hard as he could. 
"THERE! YOUR ALPHA!" Ethan shouted.
###Chapter 783: THOSE WHO WERE LEFT BEHIND AND THOSE WHO LEFT (2)
Chapter 783: THOSE WHO WERE LEFT BEHIND AND THOSE WHO LEFT (2)
Just like the other pack, Crystal Moon pack was also surrounded by the crows. These crows were not as vicious as the one that had attacked Howling Wolf pack, thus Abby didn’t really have a hard time to kill them off. 
She had the salamander with her and killed them all from afar. She managed to do that with the help of the Sylph, but she needed to get extra rest after. That was why, she was placed within Redmond’s group that brought up the rear, instead of the frontline. 
Meanwhile, in the battle ground... 
Jax was the beta that happened had altercation with Ethan in the past, he had this ugly scar on his face thanked to the gamma and ever since then, he swore, he would make him paid for what he had done, since he could leave unscathed at that time, but not anymore! 
His anger fueled even more when he watched a head rolled on the ground, no matter how hard Ethan kicked it, the distance between them was too vast and the head couldn’t reach the other party, but still Jax could see whose head was that. 
There was this uproar among the warriors. The beasts growled viciously and the curses were thrown after they witnessed how their alpha was being humiliated and met his demise in such tragic way. 
"SORRY! ONLY HIS HEAD! HIS BODY HAS BEEN MAULED BY DOGS!" Ethan shouted again. He seemed to enjoy this moment the most despite the tension in the air, especially when he saw how his words riled them up and Jax’s ugly face turned even uglier. 
Not only Cane killed the heir for their pack and put his head on the stake along with his two older sisters, but he also killed their alpha after he tortured him and degraded his body in the most horrendous way possible. 
Meanwhile, Lou glanced at the gamma and felt bored. He stared at the bleak sky and wondered why he was here... 
The merchant was having a question for his whole existence at this moment, because he was utterly disbelief he would get involved too deep with Iris and Cane to the point, he had to stand in the frontline of the battle, risking his precious life. 
Dang... 
Where it started going wrong for him...? 
"I am going to kill you! I AM GOING TO RIP YOU APART!" Jax growled, he then signaled with his hand for a thousand beasts to charge forward. 
However, Xo had different idea. He watched those thousand beasts moved closer and closer toward Cane’s people, but there was something wrong with the way they responded to this attack. To be precise, they didn’t respond at all. They let them moved closer to the point, there were only three hundred meters apart before the collision happened, still they didn’t move. 
"It’s a trap..." Xo muttered, he looked around him and roared. "It’s a trap!" 
However, his warning was too late, because a second later, there was a massive wall of fire that spread from the north to east, separating the two parties. 
However, there was something abominable about this fire, because it was the color of black and the heat alone could burn their fur, once it happened, gradually you would be burned. The process would be slow and painful. 
Because the other party didn’t have any magic user, no one knew how to put off the fire. 
And with that, a thousand beasts died. Their painful howls filled the vast land and you could smell the burning flesh in the air. 
"I don’t know you will be this powerful," Ethan tilted his head and looked at Lou. The merchant had this smug smile on his lips. 
"What can you do without me, huh?" Lou folded his arms in front of his chest arrogantly. 
"Forget I ever said anything." 
=============================== 
"There are two routes to reach the Chrystal Moon pack, the first route is the normal route that everyone already knew about and the second route is the route that alpha Gill built, it’s a tunnel that connected the Riverside pack and the Chrystal Moon pack." 
This was the tunnel that required heavy casualties to be built because of the monster attack and also gave alpha Gill crazy idea to procreate as many children as possible for them to work in the tunnel, only after Cane took over and Lou helped with the monster, they could build the secret tunnel to the harbor in the Chrystal Moon pack safely. 
"Redmond took that route, while alpha Cane, beta Jace and Cedric took the common route to concentrate the attack there, while Redmond led his warriors to take over the harbor. The harbor is very crucial because without it, we will not be able to receive a reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom in the end of the winter," Will explained things to Amee and Hanna, because the two of them were curious of how the battle would go. "That’s the gist of the alpha’s strategy, but I don’t know in more detail." 
Will didn’t know because he was not part of the warriors, who went to the battle, but the alpha entrusted the safety of the Riverside pack, especially the luna to him. Eron and Dyne were here too to be with Iris, who spent most of her time with the children and the women in this pack. 
The luna seemed to be more comfortable here than when she was in the Howling Wolf pack, but it was understandable after what she had gone through with them. No one could blame her. 
It had been a week and the battle still continued because the other party received another reinforcement to keep alpha Cane’s warriors in stalemate. 
Meanwhile, life in the Riverside pack was pretty dull. There was nothing much that was going on. Everything seemed peaceful, though every second of it, they were ill at ease when the hawk messenger came to deliver the progress in the battlefield. 
Ever since all the warriors and knights left to go to the battlefield, Will closed the gates of the pack and opened the pack house to gather together, just in case something happened, the pack member would be easier coordinated if they were placed in the same spot. 
Sofia spent the time in the pack house too with her two babies and the other women, she still looked arrogant and didn’t want to mingle with a mere pack member, thus the only person who she deemed deserved to be recognized was only Iris, but unfortunately for her, the luna didn’t seem to care with her existence. 
Iris acknowledged baby Lucia and Rye, whose now could walk, but she didn’t exchange a word with Sofia, which made the latter rather depressed because she had no one to talk to. 
"It is very peaceful here, who would have thought miles away from here, there is a fierce battle that is going on," Hanna said in small voice, as she watched her missy talked with a pregnant woman and they laughed about something. 
There was a mixture of sadness and happiness in the way Hanna stared at her missy. Iris looked like she found her place here among the member of the Riverside pack, but to see the love in her eyes for these children made her unable not to imagine how a wonderful mother she would be if her babies were still alive... 
"Luna! You received a letter from Della!" Zale said, he literally bounced when he approached Iris, while waving a letter in his hand and a hawk perched on his shoulder. 
Iris had been exchanging letter with Della in the past few days, asking about the situation in the Howling Wolf pack. Della was there with Aderan and Sofia and her baby too. 
Iris beamed when she heard that. She immediately opened the letter and read the contain. Mostly they would talk about the crisis with the food and whether it was possible for the Howling Wolf pack to spare some, because there were a lot of children here and these little one couldn’t hold their hunger well not like the grown up. 
"Thank you, Zale," Iris said, she ruffled his hair and then stopped for a while when she noticed something. "You grow taller," she remarked. 
Zale lowered his head timidly when he heard that, but Eron chimed in. "Nah, he is still a child, luna." 
"I am not! I have grown up now! In a few years, I will be taller than you!" Zale growled at him. 
"If you are taller than me, you will be a monster, boy!" Eron could be considered very tall among all the warriors, thus if Zale was taller than him, it would look a little bit scary. 
Iris laughed at their banter and then went to sit on a bench to read her letter. 
There was nothing significant in the letter that Della wrote to her, she said the pack could spare some of the food and they would deliver it to Riverside pack within the next day. 
Aside from Della, Iris exchanged letter with Clad, who were in charge for the Blue Moon pack, everything was fine there. The spy was too old to participate in a battle, thus Cane assigned him there. 
But, the letter Iris had been waiting for came five days later. It was the letter from the battlefield and everyone had been waiting for this for ages, they were holding their breath when Iris read the contain in one afternoon when the sky was so clear and the wind was not so cold.
###Chapter 784: THOSE WHO WERE LEFT BEHIND AND THOSE WHO LEFT (3)
Chapter 784: THOSE WHO WERE LEFT BEHIND AND THOSE WHO LEFT (3)
"We managed to take over the harbor in the Chrystal Moon pack!" Iris said with cheerful voice. That was the gist of the letter Cane wrote for her. 
Within fifteen days, there were only two letters from the Battlefield and the first letters literally only listed the warriors that had fallen during the battle, informing their family to stop waiting. Their bodies would be buried on site, since it would be too risky to send them back. 
At that time, Iris could only sigh in relief because none of the warriors she was close with, who made it in the list, though her heart went to those warriors, who didn’t make it. 
Therefore, the second letter that mentioned the progress of the battle made them really happy, because their main goal was to get back the harbor. 
"Right now, they will concentrate their defense in the Harbor, while making their way to conquer Chrystal Moon pack." Iris smiled so bright in the end of the letter. 
She was a little bit disappointed because there was no special letter for her from Cane, but she couldn’t complain. Yet, she felt this was not the first time for Cane to not send her any letter, though she was not able to put her finger on when this kind of situation ever happened. 
Her memories jumbled up in her mind. She always felt like she forgot something important... 
"See? That’s my man!" Sofia exclaimed proudly, but when dozen pairs of eyes directed to her, she cleared her throat, blushing and focused on Rye, who demanded her attention. 
Iris smiled when she heard that. At the very least, Sofia had accepted Redmond and she would tone down her crush on her mate. Needless to say, Iris was also proud of Redmond. She wished nothing happened to all of them and only good news that they would receive. 
Thankfully, their prays were heard and a week later, they heard Cane and Cedric managed to lead their warriors and knights to eliminate the warriors in the Chrystal Moon pack and claimed the pack back. 
Of course, this news sent happiness to all of them. 
However, even after the winter ended, Iris still couldn’t meet with Cane. He was far in the frontline. It would be impossible for her to meet him under this circumstance. 
Even when the new moon came and went, Cane didn’t come. She thought, he would visit her in secret with the help of Lou like before, but Iris stayed all night and there was nothing happened. Cane didn’t come. 
Probably because he could control the lycan extremely well now he didn’t need her to be by his side. 
In her annoyance, Iris wished Lu would make a fuss and send her mate to her, yet it was only her wishful thinking... 
Iris was sad. She missed him like crazy, but felt so bad if she wanted his attention, since this was not the right time to be selfish. 
"But, why he didn’t write a letter for me?" Iris sulked to Hanna one afternoon. She buried her face on the pillow, while Hanna tried to comfort her. Unfortunately, no matter what she said, it could calm her missy down. "He can write a letter to me, asking about how am I doing, is that too hard?" 
All the letter from the battlefield only contain about important information for them to learn, nothing less nothing more and Iris felt like she was forgotten.
She tried not to be bothered by this, but she couldn’t. 
And when Iris was about to cry, Amee came with her lunch. Hanna immediately told her what happened because she didn’t have any idea what else to say to comfort Iris. 
"What about I tell you a story when alpha Cane was little?" Amee sat down on a chair near the bed. 
Hearing what she offered, Iris lifted her head from the pillow, she stared at the old lady, pursing her lips, but her curiosity got the best of her. "What story?" she asked timidly. 
Amee smiled softly when she caught the luna’s interest. "I will tell you only if you finished your meal." 
"Amee, I am not a child!" Iris protested, but in the end, she ate her meal, while listening to a story about when Cane was still young. 
It happened when he was only seventeen years old. Amee told Iris that Cane had shown his leadership in such young age in her previous story and now she told her about how he loved his twin siblings and accompanied them out of the pack house to watch festivities in the middle of the night. 
And they had a blast, since this was the first time Rora and Edgar were away from the pack house without any warriors that followed their every steps. At that time, the pack was very safe, so it was not dangerous for them to go out. 
However, of course, when they returned, alpha Josh had been waiting for them and the three of them got punishment. 
But, the night of the festival would forever be the twin’s core memory. 
"Tell me more," Iris said. Hearing story about Cane and knew a little thing about him could relieve a little of her disappointment because Cane neglected her. 
Amee then told her about the story when Cane went away for his training when he was eighteen years old. The training in the capital city should last for two years, but Cane accomplished it within a year. 
"During that one year, he almost never sent any letter aside from informing luna Crystal and alpha Josh that he was alive and fine." Amee took Iris’s hand and smiled softly at her. "This habit of his is really annoying, I know, but this is his way to accomplish his task ahead of time, so he can return quickly. In his word, if he told them how much he missed them and then they replied with the same thing, it would disturb his concentration and he would only want to exchange the letters and focus on that. I know this is weird, but I hope you can understand. This is the alpha’s way to wrap everything up quickly and return to you, luna." 
Iris lowered her head. Amee told her that it happened ever since he was so young, an annoying habit that made Iris wanted to bite him the moment she saw him. 
"It doesn’t mean the alpha forgetting about you or neglecting you, but he wanted to see the end of it, so he can be with you again." 
"I miss him, Amee..." Iris said pitifully, a single tear fell on her cheek. 
"I know, he must miss you too, luna. Believe me." Amee came closer and then hugged her. She patted her back and caressed her head. Her hug felt like a mother’s hug and this was comforting. 
A week later, there was a letter came from the battlefield, this time, it mentioned Iris and a few people were expected to move to Chrystal Moon pack, because Cane, Jace and Cedric’s group would move to Bloody Wolf pack, where they would have a face off with the royal warriors and warriors from the Celestial Moon pack, alpha Derick. 
The reason why Cane planned for Iris to move to the Chrystal Moon pack was because Redmond would be there and if something happened, she would have her escape through the harbor. More so, even though they didn’t meet and it didn’t change anything, but knowing Iris was only a pack away from him made Cane felt a little bit better. 
Of course, Iris was thrilled to move to Chrystal Moon pack. She also felt a pack away from him was better than two. It was silly, she knew. 
"Can I come with you to Chrystal Moon pack?" Sofia asked when she heard about it and requested to meet with Iris. "I heard, Redmond will be there too." 
This must be the first time for Sofia to try to talk with Iris after more than a month they were in the same pack and within the same area. 
Iris wanted to be petty, because this woman only talked to her when she had a hidden agenda, but then she curbed it down, thinking Redmond wanted to see his baby. Since, Cane was allowed her to come to the Chrystal Moon pack, the place must be safe enough. 
"Okay. We will move early in the morning," Iris replied curtly and then that was the only time when they spoke with each other. 
The next morning, Iris only took Amee with her because she didn’t want Hanna to be separated from Will, since she knew how it felt to be away from your love one. 
At first, Hanna disagreed, but Iris insisted, saying Amee was enough to accompany her, only then she relented. 
Before she left, Will approached her when she was alone. Iris exited her bedroom and found Will was waiting for her. He was smiling and greeted her politely. 
"I will escort you to the carriage, luna. Everyone has been waiting for you," Will said and then they walked together in the corridor. "Luna, thank you for letting Hanna stay here with me." 
Iris tilted her head. This must be the first time for both of them to have this kind of conversation. "If you felt grateful, I hope you will treat her well. Don’t ignore her again." 
"Of course," Will replied timidly, but then he caught Iris’s movement. "Luna, is the wound still hurt?" he asked about the wound on her thigh. 
"Sometime." Iris rubbed her thigh over her dress.
###Chapter 785: THEY HAVE GONE MISSING
Chapter 785: THEY HAVE GONE MISSING
The wound on her thigh had been healed and only left a very small scar, which you wouldn’t notice if you didn’t see it closely, but then this tiny scar was nothing compared to all the scar on her body. Therefore, Iris didn’t seem to care about it. 
However, from that scar, she would feel this occasional pain, it felt like someone accidentally touched your wound. The pain didn’t last for long, but it was enough to make Iris uncomfortable and people around her would notice that. 
"Should I write to Grace and ask her to concoct something for you, luna?" Will asked with concern. Hanna was very concern about Iris and this rubbed on him as well. 
Currently, Grace was with the knights, she was with Cedric’s group, since the knight needed her assistance more than the shifter. She didn’t need to stay with Iris too, because the luna was fine and even so, her power didn’t really help with her. 
"You don’t need to, this is not something worth to mention," Iris brushed it off. "It will heal eventually. It must be the remaining pain only." 
Iris was still wondering why her body didn’t purify the black magic immediately. But, she and Abby made an assumption the reason was because this was the power of Decratic, though in Iris’s opinion, it still didn’t make sense. 
Abby might not know in detail about her power, but Iris knew what she could do with black magic. 
"I think I need to write to Haco," Iris muttered to herself. "Let’s see if he has lucid mind to reply to my letter..." 
Hearing that, Will turned stiff. Aside from forgetting about her babies, Iris also forgot small random things that didn’t relate to the babies at all. It almost felt like there were a lot of holes in her memories, but she didn’t seem to notice it yet. 
More so, the death of Haco happened only a day before they moved to the Blue Moon pack and during those period of times, the luna was at her lowest. The alpha didn’t have heart to mention anything about him, so did all the people. 
Even if Iris wrote for him, it must Della, who would receive the letter and he could give Iris a head up about what happened. 
However, Will decided to clamp his mouth. He feared Iris’s reaction if he told her that Haco had gone... 
With that, they arrived at the carriage and Hanna and Will escorted them out until the gates, waving their hands and wished them a safe journey. 
"Do you know where is Zale? I have not yet seen him since this morning," Hanna asked Will, once the carriage disappeared from their sight. 
Iris had told that young boy sternly that he had to stay in the Riverside pack, but Hanna doubted he would listen obediently. All of them already knew that boy’s attitude and his obstinate nature. 
"I saw him in the kitchen earlier, he was sulking there." Will told her, as he helped her to enter the carriage that would take them to the pack house, while the main gates were closed again. 
"Oh, it’s good then... I am worried, he will go to follow the luna..." Hanna said in relief. 
However, hours later when he looked for the young boy, they couldn’t find him anywhere and when they realized Zale was no longer in the pack, a day had passed. 
However, Zale was not the only one, who had gone missing today, because at the same time, at the Howling Wolf pack, Ezra was crying because he couldn’t find Lil Thing. 
He used to carry Lil Thing everywhere like a doll, but the little creature was nowhere to be seen. He took a nap this afternoon and when he opened his eyes, the little white bear had gone. 
Grilla tried to console him, but to no avail. Ezra was disheartened, he wanted to keep searching for it, but Grilla didn’t allow him to go out, because he kept producing diamond when he cried. The alpha had told her about his unique ability and said sternly not to let anyone saw it. 
However, as if luck was not on their side, Kaz entered the room and witnessed how Ezra produced diamond whenever he was crying. 
"What is that?!" Kaz was dumbstruck to see a lot of diamond. 
His voice startled the little white diamond and he stopped crying, Ezra hid behind Grilla. He looked terrified, as unpleasant memories flooded his mind. 
"Is this... is this... is he the one, who produced this?" Kaz widened his eyes to see diamond. "There are so many of this! How can you do that?!" 
The first thing that came in Kaz’s mind was these diamonds could help them survive for another month once the ships could sail again and they could buy a lot of things from the merchant. 
"Is he really able to produce diamond?!" Kaz had ever heard about White Diamond Tiger, but he had never seen one in his entire life, thus when he witnessed what this young boy could do, he was flabbergasted. 
However, after his initial shock worn off, he felt incredulously excited. After all, diamond was a gem! Not like magic stone that was restricted to magic user and healer only, though the price was still bellow magic stone, but still diamond could be bought by anyone. 
"Is he the White Diamond Tiger?" Kaz asked, he moved closer to take a better look on Ezra. He had noticed him ever since he arrived in this pack because of his white hair, but he didn’t pay attention because he thought this little boy was not important enough. 
But, who would have thought... 
Grilla could feel Ezra was trembling behind her body and she could feel the fear that thrummed within this poor little creature. "Kaz, drop it." Her voice was stern, though she didn’t raise it. 
"What?" Kaz blinked his eyes, he still tried to get a better look on Ezra.
"Whatever you are thinking, drop it," Grilla’s voice became even more firm. "The alpha said not to let anyone learn about him." 
Finally, Kaz regarded Grilla. "I will not let anyone know about him if that’s what the alpha wanted," he replied. He didn’t need to tell anyone about Ezra, all he needed was the diamond. 
"No." Grilla seemed to understand what was going through Kaz’s mind. "You will taste the alpha’s wrath if you kept trying to go through with your plan." Grilla kept bringing the alpha’s name. 
Kaz didn’t seem to like it, but he agreed. "Fine. I will not do anything, but what are you going to do with these diamonds?" 
"I will keep it." 
After that, Grilla told Kaz to leave and search for Lil Thing, since they lost the creature. 
"I am sorry," Ezra apologized through his tears, he tried to stop crying, but her whole body was still shaking. "I lost Lil Thing, luna must be very sad. The alpha must be very angry because now Kaz knew I am White Diamond Tiger. I am sorry..." 
"It’s okay, it’s okay... the alpha will not be mad at you. You don’t need to worry. Let’s look for Lil Thing, okay? But, you need to stop crying." Grilla hugged him. 
Ezra nodded and wiped his tears before both of them went out of the room. Grilla stored away the diamond and would give them to the alpha and luna once they returned. 
============================= 
They went through the tunnel that had been built, which connected the Riverside pack and Chrystal Moon pack and shortened their travel time between both packs. 
There, Iris met with Redmond, but she didn’t see Abby, because the Serafim had gone with Cedric’s group to Bloody Moon pack. 
"You look skinny," Redmond said when he saw Iris got off the carriage. 
A smile on Iris’s face dropped upon hearing the way he greeted her, but then what else she should expect from him? 
"It’s nice to see you too, Redmond," Iris emphasized her every word, but Redmond didn’t seem to bother by her remark. 
"I will take you to your house, come. I need to take care of something," he said, while Amee complained that this warrior didn’t show any respect toward Iris. 
"She is your luna, show some respect," Amee reprimanded him. 
"Life in the battlefield is hard, you know, so pardon for my roughness," Redmond retorted nonchalantly and walked away, but Iris stopped him. 
Actually, she didn’t mind with the way Redmond talked to her, because she felt the familiarity in his rudeness and this comforting in a way she couldn’t describe. 
"Wait, I think you need to greet someone too," Iris said, she nodded at the second carriage. 
"Who?" Redmond frowned. There were a lot of people here, so he couldn’t pick certain scents in the air immediately. 
"Go there and look, I think they are sleeping right now. I will go with the other warrior." Iris waved her hand to order the nearby warrior to escort her. 
"Why should I go?" Redmond frowned. 
"Because I told you so," Iris replied in a matter of fact tone. After all, Redmond pledged his loyalty to her, thus he needed to oblige her. 
Begrudgingly, Redmond dragged his feet toward the second carriage, but the close he got, he quickened his step and once he was standing in front of the carriage door, he opened it impatiently. 
A smile bloomed on his lips when he saw Sofia and her two babies were sleeping peacefully inside, while Iris was also smiling happily to see this hotheaded man’s happiness.
###Chapter 786: WALK WITH ME
Chapter 786: WALK WITH ME
Ethan rushed toward Aliana’s tent, from the look of it, once could tell there was storm that was ragging inside of him that he couldn’t control. 
He opened the curtain that covered inside of the tent and immediately entered against the protest from Jace. He shoved the beta aside and the latter could only sigh deeply. 
"The Serafim is taking care of her," Jace said helplessly. He went straight to the tent when he heard Aliana was hurt during the last battle. There was an ambush and she couldn’t heal quickly because of the black magic from their opponent. Those bastards really knew how to utilize their magic and now, it was no longer taboo to use it even in the presence of the Serafim. 
It seemed, Decratic didn’t care anymore whether the whole world knew about the black magic user under him. This was pretty concerning because the only person in their side, who could dispel all the black magic effectively was only the Serafim, but she was not that strong to be able to have a face off against Decratic. 
But, to get Iris involved in this matter... 
They couldn’t even have a discussion about it, since Cane would let out a murderous aura every time the topic about Iris was brought up and they could understand, but with that they met with this stalemate situation. 
"How is she?" Ethan asked, his voice was raspy, his eyes were ablaze with concern and anger. "How is her wound?" He asked through his gritted teeth, scaring Abby. 
"She will be fine," Abby replied. "I have purified the black magic and her healing ability will pick up from there. She will be fine by tomorrow," she said to calm the gamma down. 
"Are you sure?" Ethan was being sceptic. If it was Iris, he wouldn’t question it, but since it was Abby, he didn’t think this Serafim was care enough to double check on Aliana, since both of them were not close and she was here only out of obligation. 
But, his question hurt her, though she didn’t show it. 
"I am sure, you can be at ease," Abby replied. She didn’t want this negative feeling affected her. "Let her rest and she will be fine," she said in small voice and then excused herself. 
After Abby left, Aliana gave Ethan a look. "You don’t need to be rude with her," she chided him lightly, but the gamma didn’t seem to care. 
Right now, Aliana had to face two men, who overly worried about her and she couldn’t help, but sighed deeply. 
"Both of you can calm down, you know. It’s not like I am going to die because of this scratch." Aliana nodded at the wound on her left shoulder. 
They were ambushed and because of that, Aliana didn’t have time to react when a beast lunged at her and bit her shoulder. The beast was clearly infused by dark magic, as they were crazily strong and was hard to kill. 
But, it was not a surprise anymore for them, because they had seen a lot of them during the battle in order to take over Chrystal Moon pack. 
"Don’t jinx!" Ethan scolded her, he looked even scarier right now. 
Meanwhile, Jace, who had tired for having the same argument with Aliana approached the two of them and draped a cloak over her shoulder, so the gamma could stop staring at his almost half naked sister. 
They were no longer teenager and had grown up, but still, Jace was not comfortable for another man to stare at Aliana in that way. 
"I will talk to Cane not to include you until you are fully recovered," Ethan said grimly. If he could, he would beg Cane not to involve her at all after this. 
"You don’t need to bother to do that, I have done it and she will stay in the campsite," Jace said, he had done it the moment he heard Aliana was hurt. 
"He agreed?" 
"Yes." 
"Great." 
Aliana scrunched her nose in disgust to see the banter between the two of them. They really tried their hardest to confine her in her tent and didn’t let her fight. 
"Why don’t you check on the alpha?" Aliana tried to distract their attention from her, because she felt tired to receive their constant nagging when her shoulder was still in pain. "The alpha must be devastated to know he has to go all out to fight alpha Derick, after all, he saw him as his second father." 
Because alpha Derick was very close with alpha Josh, thus it was not weird for Cane to look up to the alpha from the Celestial Moon pack as well. 
However, after a decade had passed and the had survived the slavery, the first time they met, it would be in the battlefield and as enemy. 
It must be very disturbing for Cane. 
"He is fine," Ethan said. He met with Cane when he learned Aliana was hurt. 
The gamma was also having his own concern about the fact alpha Derick led the warriors to defend Bloody Wolf pack and their meeting in the battlefield was inevitable. 
"Or, at least, that’s how I saw him. He didn’t seem to be bothered by their meeting later." Ethan sat down on the makeshift bed, but then he chose to lay down, ignoring a sharp glaring from Jace, who seemed was very close kicking him out of this tent. 
"Actually, when he is being so calm like that, it’s really concerning," Aliana stated and Ethan agreed. 
"Yeah, you are right." Ethan nodded, he used his arms as pillow behind his head, as he conversed with Aliana. 
Watching the two of them interacted with each other made Jace felt this difficult feeling and chose to leave the two of them to look for Cane. 
It would be nice if Aliana could reciprocate Ethan’s feeling and with that, he could go all out as an overprotective older brother, but seeing how Ethan only had one sided love for his little sister put him in awkward situation. 
Ethan and Aliana didn’t even know when Jace had left them alone, as they were having their own conversation, forgetting about time and how tired they were. 
But when Aliana didn’t get any respond from the gamma, she looked at him and found him already fell asleep. He had one arm cover his eyes, but from the way he was breathing she knew he had fallen deep into his slumber.
"Seriously, I am the one, who is injured here, but you occupied my bed. How can I sleep now?" Aliana clicked her tongue, but in the end, she put a blanket over him and laid down as well. She was also tired, okay? And this tent supposedly belonged to her. 
So, if there was one of them had to go out, it must be Ethan. 
However, seeing how Ethan was sleeping peacefully made her sleepy as well and she couldn’t help, but closed her eyes, as sleep came so easy to her. 
The night was rather calm, thankfully, there was no more sudden attack tonight, but early in the morning, there was a secret message from Cezi for Cane. 
"Who is Cezi?" Cedric asked. He was only familiar with the alpha in each pack. 
"Alpha Derick’s son," Jace replied. He then stared at Cane. Who looked deep in his thought. "He is the next in line for the title of the alpha from Celestial Moon pack." 
There was silent that stretched out in the main tent, where they were discussing their next move. All of them waited for Cane’s reaction. 
But when Cane still didn’t talk, it was Ethan, who broke the silence. "Are you going to meet with him? I thought this must be a trap. Why did he want to meet with you in private?" 
Ethan’s suspicion was not baseless, at time like this, it was critical for them to take precaution over everything. 
"I am going to meet with him," Cane finally decided after he thought about this. 
"Cane, I don’t think that’s a good idea," Jace voiced out his disagreement. "It has been so long since the two of you met with each other." 
In the past, Cane and Cezi underwent the same training together in the capital city and they were pretty close, but it was years ago. A lot of things had changed now. 
"He can be under Decratic’s mind control," Abby chimed in. She looked lethargic because their enemy used black magic very often. She looked like she was going to fall at any moment, still, she refused to back down. 
However, Cane didn’t budge with his decision. There was something he wanted to confirm with him and more so, why instead of alpha Derick, it was Cezi, who requested to meet with him in person secretly. He needed to get a grasp the power flow within his enemy. 
"Where is Lou?" Cane asked, cutting off their suggestion. 
"Sir Lou must be late again, I saw him still sleeping inside his tent," Aderan replied. 
Speaking of the devil, all of them smelled his scent came closer before his figure appeared in the entrance of the tent. 
His hair was disheveled and he was still wearing his proud red robe. "Sory, overslept," he apologized without an ounce of sincerity at all. 
However, before Lou could join them and ask what they were discussing, Cane had ordered him to come with him. 
"Walk with me, Lou." Cane stood up and walked out. 
"What? Where? I don’t want to go alone with you!" Lou was suspicious Cane was up to no good.
###Chapter 787: AMBIGOUS STATEMENT
Chapter 787: AMBIGOUS STATEMENT
Because Cane had tricked him countless times and lured him into his trap without him even noticing it, and it was too late when he wanted to back away, Lou became very cautious with this creature. 
It could be said, he had Cane’s weak card within his palm, but for some reason, he couldn’t even use it for his own benefit, neither he could think of a way to harm him without implicating Iris. His infatuation to her became the death of him. 
This was so wrong in so many levels, but for some reason, he couldn’t find a way to make it right. 
"Where are you going?! I don’t want to go alone with you!" 
Regardless of what he said, Lou walked out of the tent and chased after him, leaving Ethan shook his head, thinking the merchant had a hidden crush on the alpha too, despite his denial. 
But, in all honesty, Lou simply couldn’t stand the people from the Holy Kingdom and chose to deal with Cane instead of that Serafim and her lackeys. 
Especially when he learned about the deal between her and Iris. How could that Serafim claim all of Iris’s hardwork and her energy for her own? If you didn’t have the power, you shouldn’t act all might and powerful. It was very shameless of her to bask in people’s adoration when in truth she was nothing compared to his red haired girl! 
How fake she was! 
"Alpha!" Dean and Pax chased after Cane too. This time, the alpha stopped and Lou had to skid in order not to bump onto him. "Please, think thrice before you go meeting him." Dean looked a little bit concern. 
"At the very least, you need to bring more people with you," Pax chimed in. 
However, instead of bringing more people with him, Cane told them not to come with him. "You can leave, no need to follow me." 
Dean and Pax immediately raised a ruckus, which made Lou picked on his ear. 
"Alpha! You can’t do that! If something happened to you, it will cause more trouble! You can’t act recklessly, especially at time like this!" Dean looked panic. 
"Alpha! Let’s discuss this with beta Jace and Gamma Ethan again and find a safest solution how to approach this." Pax tried to coax him. 
However, Cane used his alpha’s voice to command order. "Stay!" 
And with that, the two of them couldn’t do much. They were bounded to oblige a direct order from his alpha. 
"What is going on? Are you going to become suicidal or what?" Lou frowned to see Dean and Pax’s strongly against whatever Cane was going to do. 
"You, come with me," Cane said to Lou. 
"No. I don’t want. This must be something dangerous, right? Don’t count me in!" Lou immediately refused and the two warriors threw a nasty look at him. "What? My life is also precious, you know. If you don’t want your alpha to go, what right do you have to expect me to come with him?" 
At this rate, Cane wouldn’t get this chatter merchant to move his ass and followed him willingly, unless he dragged him to come with him. 
And that’s what Cane did. He used the black wisp and made the merchant started moving. This, of course, gave Lou a fright, after all it was still fresh in his memories when Cane used the black wisp on him. 
He gave him ’trauma’, okay! 
"Cane! You bastard! What are you going to do to me now?!" Lou wailed like a little girl. "Don’t you dare to touch me! I am warning you! I will tell Iris if you did something inappropriate to me like the last time! Hmph!!!" 
Cane silenced him by covering his mouth with the dark wisp because the noise he made hurt his ears. 
However, as the spectators, Dean and Pax were stunned. Lou’s last words were rather ambiguous... it made their imagination was running wild, but then they shook their head, because the thought of it alone was very impossible to happen! 
But... 
"What happened between them the last time?" Dean asked to no one in particular. 
"No idea..." Pax replied, half wondering the question too. 
But then they snapped back to reality. "We need to report this to the beta and the gamma!" 
While the two of them told Jace and Ethan about their alpha’s decision, Cane and Lou had reached the outer side of their campsite. 
Many people saw the black wisp, but the explanation from it was; this was the power that came from the merchant, now everyone knew he was also a magic user, though the Serafim and people from the Holy Kingdom knew it was not the truth, they couldn’t say otherwise, because Cane always had something to say to counter their demand for his honest explanation about the dark wisp, in which they couldn’t give. 
However, people looked confused, because if the black wisp came from the merchant, but why he looked struggled when it wrapped his body? He looked very angry. 
"Alpha..." Trion came to him, he wanted to ask where he would go. He was going to prepare a few warriors to accompany him if he wanted to scour the area. 
Yet, Cane turned his over down. "You don’t need to come." And with that, Cane and the struggling Lou left the campsite. 
The secret meeting was a little bit faraway from the campsite, it was at the cliff that separated the two parties. 
Only when they were alone in the open area, walking on the rough gravels beneath their feet with the night sky above their head and the warm wind of spring breezed through them, Cane released the black wisp that covered Lou’s mouth. 
"Damn you, Cane!" That was the first thing that Lou shouted at him. "Let me go! Where are you going to take me?!" 
"I am going to meet with Cezi." Cane actually replied to his question, but he still didn’t let the merchant freed from the black wisp. 
Unfortunately for Lou, he found himself was unable to teleport when he was within the black wisp grasp, but he wouldn’t let Cane knew about it, lest the alpha would take advantage of this knowledge. 
"Who the fuck this Cezi?!" He cursed without holding back at all, his feet were hurt because Cane walked so fast and he couldn’t not to follow him. "You have a lot of people, who offered to come with you, why the hell did you take me?! What now? Do you fancy me now?" 
Cane gave Lou a nasty look and the merchant felt like he was going to vomit to think what he just said. The image alone was very unsettling.
"Cezi is alpha Derick’s firstborn, he sent a secret letter to meet him at the cliff," Cane generously explained thing to Lou, though his explanation was very brief. 
"And then you willingly come to meet with him? In the middle of the night? With only me? Instead of taking a bunch of your warriors?" Lou’s jaw dropped. "Wow! I must feel honor for you to entrust your life to me..." He clicked his tongue sarcastically. "For your information, I am not going to cover your ass if we were attacked! I thought you were smart! How could you walk into the enemy’s territory without thinking twice? Seriously, all it takes is to summon you with a secret letter and you will come?" 
Lou couldn’t hold back is tongue, as he kept talking along the way, now he forgot about the rough grovel that entered his shoes. 
"What is this? Are you missing Iris so much, your brain is not working? I told you, right? I am willing to take you to her! You only need to ask. Why are you very stubborn? I am already very generous with you!" Of course, he had his own motive to give him this offer, since he missed his red haired girl too. The last time he saw her was more than a month ago. 
Cane suddenly stopped, he closed his eyes and sniffed the air, but Lou thought he would finally snap, having enough of his rambles. 
However, when Cane didn’t say anything, Lou tilted his head. "What? Do you sense any danger? Are we being surrounded?" Lou tried to look around, but he couldn’t move freely thanked to the black wisp. "Hey! At least, let me go from this creepy thing." 
After he said that, the black wisp dispersed and he finally could move his body. Lou immediately came closer to Cane. If they were going to be attacked, they would have a better chance if they teamed up. Of course, Lou wouldn’t forget about the way Cane treated him like this twice! He would get back at him one day! 
"What is it now?" Lou tried to sniff the air, but he was not a shifter, so all he could smell was the earthy scent mixed with another fragrance that he couldn’t tell. "Are we in danger?" 
"Do you bring magic stone with you?" Cane asked, he opened his eyes. His expression remained impassive. 
"Yeah, I bring some with me," Lou replied, he checked on his pocket and counted the magic stone with him. Five magic stones. It would be enough for him to create a portal and escape from this place. 
"Good." 
After that, Cane walked away again, which made Lou upset. 
"Hey! Are you going to die if you explained our situation now?" Lou rushed to follow the alpha. 
"Be quiet," Cane said. 
"Why?" Lou asked in whispery tone.
###Chapter 788: WHAT HE WAS TRYING TO SAY
Chapter 788: WHAT HE WAS TRYING TO SAY
Lou had been in a few battles alongside with Cane and the other, thus he knew the brutality and how hard it was to kill those creatures, who were infused by dark magic. They were so vicious and would get on your nerves, because no matter how you hurt them, they wouldn’t feel pain and even when you cut off one of their limbs, they would act like nothing happened, unless you severed their heads. 
Therefore, Lou didn’t want to fight against them, especially if they were being outnumbered now if they were really going to be attacked. 
For heaven’s sake! He was not a fighter! He was a merchant! 
"Be quiet and follow me," Cane said, as he continued to walk again, but then he took off his cloak, which made Lou was on alert. 
"What?! What now? Why are you taking off your cloak?!" Lou stopped following him. "Put it on again!" 
However, Cane threw his cloak to his face and gave him a disdainful look. "Wear that to conceal your scent," he said grimly. "And stop making a weird remark." 
"Why should I put this on?" Lou sniffed himself. He was not smelly, he took good care of himself even in the battlefield. It could be said, he had the best fragrance among those beasts. "My scent is fine." 
"I am going to meet with Cezi, you need to hide and watch if there is someone around." Cane was not really reckless. He gave Cezi a benefit of doubt, since he asked to meet him in secret. Yet, it would be stupid of him if he trusted that man blindly for the sake of their friendship more than a decade ago. 
He had his own reason why he didn’t take the warrior with him and only took Lou, just in case, something went wrong, the merchant would be more effective for an escape. Cane didn’t have any intention to have a fight here. 
The alpha explained that to Lou briefly and thankfully, the merchant could grasp the gist of it and begrudgingly followed him again. 
He hated it when he was in the position he couldn’t resist Cane’s order and recently, he had been in that spot very often. 
"Stay here," Cane said, he stopped walking and told Lou to hide behind a big rock, while he walked in the open area, only a few steps away from him. 
From the position he was in, Lou’s scent wouldn’t be carried with the wind and Cane’s cloak helped him to cover his scent, at the very least, a shifter wouldn’t be able to notice his presence right away. 
Thus, even though Lou hated to wear Cane’s cloak and smell like him, his curiosity got the best of him, because he wanted to listen to what Cane would talk about with this man named Cezi. 
The wind howled through the gap between the rock and this cliff looked so dangerous and creepy at night. One would choose to hide under the warm blanket, instead of being here. 
However, this place was perfect place to meet in secret, since this spot was located between Cane’s campsite and the Bloody Wolf pack territory. 
Cane knew this place, since he had been here before. 
In the distance, you could see a huge wolf stalked closer, the creature looked cautious with its surrounding and occasionally sniffed the air to make sure it was only the man before him, who was around this area. 
Only then, the wolf shifted into its human form, since the other party didn’t even come in his beast form, so it was safe to say, his message was well received and the other alpha was open for a discussion. 
"Cane, long time no see," Cezi greeted him. "Or should I call you, alpha Cane?" 
The man was having black, shoulder length hair that was tied on his nape. His eyes were as clear as the river and as deep as the sea, while his scent was like a winter breeze, cold and mysterious. He was only a half head shorter than Cane, but he had a lean body that was wrapped in simple shirt. He didn’t have cloak with him. 
Growing up in the north, where it was very cold every, his resistance to coldness was really great, though the weather couldn’t be said already warm, but he seemed to be fine without extra cover. 
"I received your message," Cane said. He skipped all the pleasantries and went straight to the point. He could address him as he liked, since they met as themselves, not as the representative of their pack. 
"Straightforward like usual," Cezi noted. He then nodded. "Alright. I want to know what you have done to prince Kellan." 
Cezi was not as carefree as Cane remembered years ago, he had grown up and knew how to carry himself well as the future alpha of the pack. 
"I wish I can tell you something horrendous that I have done, but unfortunately, I still need to wait for the right time until I can get my hand on him." Cane didn’t even hide his hostility toward that man. 
Now the situation had turned out very different, he didn’t need to put up with pretense and maintain a good cooperation with that living garbage. 
On the other hand, Cane’s reply startled Cezi, because as far as he knew, Cane had a good relationship with the prince, as both his father and his were the supporter of prince Kellan in the past when he was still the crown prince. 
"What do you mean with that, Cane?" Cezi furrowed his brows. 
Not only him, who was confused, a certain merchant, who was in a hiding place also creased his brows because he could sense a deep hatred from the way Cane was talking, even though he was not there to see the expression on the alpha’s face. 
However, Cane’s next word made them flabbergasted, because he was being blunt with his intention. 
"I am going to kill him. I am going to give him the most miserable death." Cane could tell that Cezi was coming alone. There was no sign of another people here. "And I am going to kill anyone, who tried to stop me." 
Cezi widened his eyes. Cane’s message was clear and simple. He didn’t mind to kill him or his father if he stood on his way to get to Kellan. 
But, what the cause of this? Cezi thought, they had a good relationship. Was it because prince Kellan decided to pledge his loyalty to king Alan? And now they were in the opposite party? 
However, it didn’t explain about the wine... 
"You wanted to poison prince Kellan with the wine," Cezi stated. Based on what Kellan told him and his father. Cane gave the wine when he answered king Aeon’s summon to enter the capital city, which meant, Cane had the intention for murdering Kellan for a long time ago. 
"Yes." Cane didn’t even try deflecting the answer. 
"Why?" 
Cane’s gaze turned murderous, which startled Cezi and put his guard up, after all. This was the man, who had gone through hell and survived. He heard about what kind of torture Cane and his people had to go through for a decade and Cezi couldn’t even imagine how they could survive. 
More so, he was a shifter and every shifter could sense if their opponent was stronger than them and by any meant, if they were about to fight, Cezi’s best option was to escape this place as soon as possible, instead of engaging in a fight with Cane. There was something very lethal about this alpha... 
Cezi didn’t tell Cane about Arella’s condition because he thought, he would bring it up if the alpha denied the accusation, but now he was at lost for word. 
"Why do you want to kill him?" Cezi narrowed his eyes, his shoulders were slightly hunched, as if he was ready to shift. 
Cane didn’t answer the question immediately, he crossed his arms and relaxed his shoulders, which made calmed Cezi down slightly, because this was not an aggressive gesture. 
In this case, Cane indirectly told him that he was not going to attack him. 
"Did you still see little children around him?" Instead of answering his question, Cane posted question on his own. "Is he still very kind with those little girls?" 
Cezi narrowed his eyes. He didn’t understand, where this conversation would go. But, he indeed remember there were three little girls around prince Kellan that he saved from the pack when he conquered that said pack. 
However, there was nothing weird about it. Prince Kellan was known as the people’s prince, he captured people’s heart with his kindness and how well he treated those poor little one. He even had his own orphanage in the capital city to accommodate those children. 
"What do you mean with that?" 
"How old Arella? Sixteen? Seventeen?" Cane didn’t say it bluntly, but he led the conversation there. "Can you imagined, someone in his age to have sex with a girl so young?" 
Cezi furrowed his brows with Cane’s choice of word. 
"Imagine, you, yourself, having an intimacy with a sixteen years old girl. Can you tell me if that’s not disgusting?" Cane spat the word. 
Kellan was older than Cezi, but then even he himself couldn’t imagine to have such relationship with a girl around his sister’s age. 
However, Cezi was not the only person, who grasped the gist of what Cane’s words. Lou was listening too and he felt ill when he understood what Cane was trying to say.
###Chapter 789: DAGGER IN THEIR HEARTS
Chapter 789: DAGGER IN THEIR HEARTS
"They are mate!" Cezi retorted, but even himself, the reason was very weak, it didn’t hold the water. 
Prince Kellan and Arella were not mate by destiny, his sister was mate to the prince by choice, which mean there was not a mate bond between them that could justify how prince Kellan could be attracted to a girl half of his age. 
Cezi had voiced this to his father, but alpha Derick’s devotion to the prince was unparallel, it was inconceivable. 
"That’s your best argument?" Cane tilted his head and Cezi could feel his face turned so red. 
Cezi could feel his head was spinning to discern the meaning behind it, though he already knew the answer. 
"What do you want?" Cane left the topic open and let his imagination deciphered what he meant, as he jumped into another topic. He didn’t want to disclose too much, because it involved his mate too and more so, there was another pair of ears that was listening to them right now. "You asked to meet me here for a reason. You didn’t even tell your father about this meeting, I assumed?" 
However, the way Cane said it and how abruptly he cut the topic off, surely it would leave Cezi with more question, after all, you might not realize what kind of information you had, until you thought about it again. 
And right now, it was enough to put a seed of doubt in Cezi’s heart and questioned Kellan. He would be more alerted on whatever he was doing. 
On the other hand, Cezi painfully needed to stop thinking about that. 
"I came here to ask about why did you want to kill prince Kellan," Cezi replied. "It didn’t make sense for me, since you two have a good relationship only a few months ago." 
Cane said nothing and waited for him to speak again. 
"And I want you to surrender. This is a battle that you couldn’t win," Cezi said bluntly. "Prince Kellan and father will give you the option tomorrow. You better take it, for the sake of our old friendship and our father’s." 
"I don’t make friend here, Cezi." Cane’s eyes gleamed dangerously and once again, Cezi felt like he was being a prey. 
Cezi cleared his throat. "King Alan will pardon you if you pledged your loyalty to him." 
"The same king, who killed my children?" Cane scoffed. 
Cezi seemed to remember something and he looked apologetic. "I am sorry for your lost, Cane, but that’s the consequences of our current situation, if you surrendered earlier and agreed to pledge your loyalty, you don’t need to go extra length to fight the royal." 
"Do you believe that as easy as that?" 
"What are you fighting for, Cane? A baby to be the king? You and I both knew very well, who actually will sit on the throne and rule the kingdom, if you kept supporting Red Claw pack and their baby king." Cezi was vexed by this conversation now. Cane was not stupid to understand that, but why he still chose this path? 
"I could care less, who is sitting on the throne. I want my revenge." 
"You already got your revenge. Alpha Gallot had died, you own the Blue Moon pack. Surrender and everything will return to normal." Cezi knew it was very na?ve of him to say everything would return to normal. The information about Kellan that he just heard kept nagging on the back of his mind. "Father feels very torn to fight you." 
Decratic, Kellan, Dexter, Osana and Zeke. These people were his current aim. 
"Goodnight, Cezi. It’s a pleasure to meet you," Cane said, he turned around and was about to leave, but Cezi immediately stopped him. He actually blocked his path. 
"Give me the antidote," Cezi said, he stretched out his hand. "Give me the antidote for the poison that you put inside the wine," he explained when Cane didn’t budge. 
"There is no antidote for that," Cane replied coldly. 
Cezi pressed his lips. He didn’t believe that. "Who had concocted the poison? Is that your healer? Let me see her." 
"The person, who concocted the poison had died." The image of Haco’s last moment fleeted in his mind, but he shut down the emotion and remained expressionless. "Even if I have it right now, you will never get it." 
"Cane!" Cezi couldn’t help it anymore. "It’s my sister! My sister is the one, who had drunk the wine! She is paralyzed right now! Give me the antidote now!" he demanded viciously. 
This was Cezi’s main reason to meet with Cane, because he knew his father couldn’t do it. He was bound to his duty as the alpha and to prince Kellan and the king, but Cezi was different. 
"She is paralyzed now! She is going to die!" Cezi became very emotional to think his little sister had to endure such pain and meet her death tragically, while he watched her dying. 
Cane smirked. "I am sorry for your lost, but that’s the consequence of our current situation. Why don’t you surrender and I can think of a way to find an antidote for that?" 
Cezi’s face turned red, because that word was what he said to Cane less than five minutes ago when he felt sorry for the death of his children. 
However, he couldn’t leave without the antidote or a way how to cure his sister. 
"Cane!" Cezi roared, since he didn’t have anything to retort to his statement. He swung his arm, wanted to punch Cane squared on the face. 
Unfortunately for him, Cane had a good reflex and he could see this was coming. Cezi couldn’t curb his temper after the provocation from Cane. 
Cane stepped aside and kicked him instead, so hard Cezi fell to the ground and curl his body in pain. 
"Do you really think Kellan gave the wine accidentally?" Cane approached Cezi, his body towered above him. "Don’t be so na?ve, Cezi. He knew the wine was poisoned, but he still gave it to your sister." 
"He will never do that!" Cezi coughed blood. He could feel a few ribs were broken. 
"Just like how he will never touch those children?" Cane straightened his back and crossed his arms. "Why he has the need to keep the children with him when he could send them away? What the reason to keep the children during our current situation?" 
Redmond had told Cane about this, how Kellan kept three or so little girl after they took over a pack. What made Cane even more sick was the fact one of the children had curly hair. It didn’t take a genius to see what that bastard imagined! 
"Don’t you question why he can walk now?" Cane’s voice echoed in this quiet cliff. 
"It’s because black magic! Someone cursed him, so he couldn’t heal from his wound!" Cezi blurted out. He panted, as he tried to stand up again, but the pain on his ribs were hard to ignore. 
"And who had cursed him?" Cane narrowed his eyes. "You are not that stupid enough to think someone from my side had done it years ago, right? The people from the Holy Kingdom wouldn’t fight you, if that’s the case." 
This was another thing Cezi needed to think of. It was great if he could come to his sense and see things more clearly. 
But even if he didn’t, it didn’t make any different for Cane. 
After saying his pieces, Cane left and Lou followed behind him. The merchant looked extremely quiet on their way back to the campsite. 
Cane actually left Cezi alone in the cliff, didn’t even care about his safety. He only felt annoyed because Kellan managed to escape the wine. 
"Cane." Lou suddenly stopped walking, but Cane didn’t, which created a distance between them before Lou spoke again and this managed to make the alpha halted his step. "Back then, are you trying to say Kellan preferred little girl?" 
Lou’s eyes were extremely sharp under the moonlight, he looked like someone else, as he tried to control his own emotion. 
"Is that what you are trying to say?" Lou asked again in firmer tone. He watched how Cane turned his body and faced him. The dept of his eyes confirmed what he guessed. 
It was crazy to draw such conclusion, but then when Lou thought about it, it took him to this final outcome. He hoped he was wrong. 
"Yes. That’s what I was trying to say." Cane waited for his next question, as if he knew this merchant had realized something. He had connected the dot, but too afraid to confirm it. 
Both of them were waiting, until finally Lou blurted it out. "Was that..." He balled his fists tightly beside his body. "Was that what happened to Iris when she forgot a certain event in her life?" 
This was very wild, but judging of how infatuated Lou to Iris, of course, he dug about her past too. He knew Kellan visited the Blue Moon pack frequently in the past before the affair between him and alpha Gallot’s woman was revealed. 
Now, Lou was sure, there was no affair at all between them with Kellan’s preferences, of course, Mason’s mother wouldn’t be so attractive in his eyes. 
In that case, the reason he visited the Blue Moon pack very often... 
"Something happened between her and Kellan?" The question was akin to a dagger for both of them. 
Lou remembered his conversation with Iris. It happened in the past. The pain that was equal to losing both of her babies...
###Chapter 790: I HAVE A THEORY, DO YOU WANT TO HEAR?
Chapter 790: I HAVE A THEORY, DO YOU WANT TO HEAR?
The silent stretched between the alpha and the merchant, leaving the question hung in the air without the answer from Cane. 
However, the more he didn’t say it, the more convinced Lou that he was right and the more he was in denial something that horrendous had happened to Iris. 
That couldn’t happen, right? Little Iris had gone through torture from her father and her older brother, but she also had to go through this? 
Lou was not sure how far the torture that little Iris got from her father, but the thought of it alone sent his blood boiling. He felt like he wanted that man to be revived again, so he could kill him in the most brutal way. 
But now, what? 
Kellan had assaulted her when she was little? 
Lou knew he was not the upright person, neither he had compassion to little children. It was proven by how he made those children worked in his mines back in the Black Market, but it disgusted him completely to think someone had any desire to those little ones. 
To think Iris had to go through that... 
What kind of thing Kellan had done to her? 
"Is that... true?" Lou asked through his gritted teeth, extremely upset because Cane didn’t answer his question. 
"That’s not my story to tell," Cane replied and then turned his body around to leave. 
"He is mine! I am the one, who is going to kill him!" Lou roared. He couldn’t do anything to control the rage he felt within. He felt like his inside was being burned with anger. It was akin to flame that couldn’t be put off, just like the black fire he created back then to kill their enemy. 
A lick from the fire and it would burn your entire body eventually, it was a slow torture and this was how Lou felt when he imagined what Iris had gone through in the hand of Kellan. 
"No." Cane stopped walking and turned to face him again. "He is mine." 
"I am not going to let you kill him just like that!" Death was a sweet escape for a vile creature like Kellan. There was no amount of torture that could absolve what he had done to Iris. 
"I never plan to just kill him." Cane narrowed his eyes, as he observed the way Lou was angry on behalf of Iris. The way he was very overprotective over his mate and how he didn’t seem to be able to get his mate off his mind. 
"Good." Lou’s face looked very grim. The air around him shifted, as if he used his power without him noticing that. 
"Lou." Cane took a few steps closer to the merchant to close the distance between them. "Why do you care about Iris so much?" He asked him point blank. 
The question didn’t come from his jealousy, since he knew Iris wouldn’t leave him for this merchant, more so no matter how annoying Lou’s infatuation toward Iris, he had never crossed the line, even if he could and respect his mate to a certain level. 
Of course, if Lou dared to lay his hand on his mate, he wouldn’t be standing in front of Cane right now, yet didn’t do such thing. 
As time went by, Lou’s existence and his obsession toward Iris felt like an annoying thing, instead of a threat. 
Facing with the question, Lou glared at Cane. "Is this the right time to ask something like that?" He dodged the question, but before he could blabber more to justify his action, Cane had cut his crap. 
"I have a theory why are you very drawn to my mate. Do you want to hear about this?" Cane asked and this efficiently shut him up. 
Lou didn’t say he wanted to hear it, but his silence was enough to tell that he was listening right now. 
"Do you even realize the birthmark on your body is the same like the crest on those Holy Knights’ swords, who protected the Serafim?" Cane watched Lou’s expression closely, wanted to figure out, whether this merchant had realized it beforehand, but Lou simply scrunched his nose in disgust. 
"What do you mean with that?" Lou didn’t care about those knights and he didn’t pay attention to something he didn’t care about. Let alone the crest on their swords, he only learned about the shape of his birthmark recently. "What are you trying to say?" 
"Every Serafim has a birthmark on their back, this was one thing that let people knew she was the next Serafim. Therefore, thus five knights, who were assigned to protect the Serafim had it crafted on their swords." Cane learned about this from Cedric when he asked about the crest casually. He said nothing about the birthmark on Lou. 
"And then?" Lou crossed his arms, he didn’t have any interest to talk about this with Cane. He was still seething because he just learned what Kellan had done to his red haired girl. "Your point is?" 
Cane could tell Lou was too lazy to think and connect the dot, he wanted to be spoon fed with a lengthy explanation and the alpha didn’t have a patient to do that. 
He wouldn’t play in his lazy game. 
"Cane! Wait! Where are you going?!" Lou widened his eyes, he was waiting for explanation, but Cane turned around and left. What the meaning of that?! "Hey! Don’t you need to explain what do you mean with that?! Hey!" 
Now Lou was furious with him. He was completely wrong when he thought he was already immune with Cane’s antics, but this alpha took it to another level. 
While running after Cane, Lou had to rack his brain about what Cane just told him. 
The merchant became even more exasperated when Cane shifted into his beast and left him behind. Well, they were already so close to campsite and he had magic stone with him, there wouldn’t be anything major happened to him. 
"Damn you, Cane! Get back here!" Lou was mad. He ordered the beast to wait for him, but obviously it didn’t work, as if the alpha would listen to anyone, especially him. "Damn it!" 
Lou was grumbling and seething when he finally arrived at the campsite and met with Ethan, who was frowning to see him. 
"Is that Cane’s cloak? Why are you wearing his cloak?" Ethan asked in confusion. 
Only then Lou realized he had not yet taken off the cloak from him, since Cane told him to wear this to mask his scent during his meeting with Cezi. His mind was distracted enough not to notice it until now Ethan pointed it out. 
Lou completely forgot about the cloak. 
The gamma leaned over and sniffed him. "Now you smell like Cane." 
Arrgghhh!!! 
This was humiliation! He needed to rub his skin off to get rid of Cane’s scent! He didn’t want to smell like him! 
============================ 
There was nothing much Iris could do here in the Chrystal Moon pack. She kept waiting for Cane to come and even wished for Lu to throw a fit and force her stubborn mate to visit her for a few moment. 
However, Iris really needed to curb her desire to see Cane anytime soon. She had gone so many emotions while waiting for some news from Cane, aside from occasional report from the battlefield, but to no avail. 
Now she had given up hope and wished for a miracle to happen. There was no amount of story from Amee could lighten her longing for him. 
"You are very cruel and mean..." Iris grumbled, as she dipped her body into the water and then hissed when the pain on her thigh comeback again. 
This time, the pain came very often, but when she thought the wound reopened again, it was actually only this little scar on her skin. 
But why she felt this abrupt pain all of sudden randomly? 
Iris rubbed her thigh and then closed her eyes, she let her long, curly hair wet, as she leaned her head against the wooden tub. The water turned cold and she added more flame stone to make it warm again. 
Iris closed her eyes to calm her racing mind. 
However, she startled when she heard a shrill scream and a loud commotion around her, the noise was very deafening, she felt like she was in the middle of a war. 
And when she opened her eyes, she was no longer inside the bathroom, indulging herself in a hot water, but in the middle of chaos. 
Beasts and knights were fighting and monsters were everywhere, but what left Iris dumbstruck and even forgot to question this weird situation or why she was here all of sudden was a massive shadow that crossed the sky. 
A shadow of it was very massive, it could cover a whole territory of a pack! The monster was a very ancient monster that everyone thought it had long extinct and no one would be able to see this living creature. 
It was a dragon! 
The creature breathed fire and burned everything in its wake into ashes. 
However, when Iris’s initial shock worn off a little bit, she realized the shadow that covered the land was not completely from the dragon alone, she recognized this black wisp and immediately looked around to see the lycan gathered the black wisp to protect all the survivor from the dragon’s fire breath. 
The lycan’s red eyes filled murderous intention and its roar shook the ground, as he used the black wisp to cut off the dragon’s wings!
###Chapter 791: THE LUNA’S ORDER
Chapter 791: THE LUNA’S ORDER
Iris was hyperventilating when she opened her eyes again and found herself back in the bathroom, where her body was still dipping into the warm water, yet she was trembling, as if the water had turned into ice. 
"Amee! Amee!" Iris screamed, she was mortified by the images she just saw. 
That was not a dream, that was real. For some reason, she knew that was something that might happen in the future, the feeling was the same like when she lived in Na’s memories. Iris knew it was not only mere images that popped in her mind. It was a warning... 
Meanwhile, Amee immediately entered the room when she heard how Iris screamed, she rushed in with Dyne and Eron, but all of them waited in front of the door, as Amee stepped in. 
"What is it, Amee?! Everything is alright?" Dyne asked, concern in his voice. 
"Yes, yes...!" Amee was confused to see Iris was crying silently, tears streamed down her face, but there was no sound coming out of her mouth. "Don’t come! Don’t come! Wait there!" 
Amee looked around and got a towel to cover her body, as she helped her to get out of the tub. Iris was trembling. She looked like she was going to faint and this scared Amee. 
What actually happened? She just entered the bathroom less than half an hour ago when she suddenly screamed on the top of her lungs. 
"Call a healer! Find a healer!" Amee shouted to the door and he heard one of them dashed away to look for one. "Luna, what is going on? What happened? Are you hurt somewhere?" 
Iris stared into the wall, her face was pale, but tears kept streaming down her face. This mortified Amee so much, she thought Iris got back her memories about her babies. If that was what happened, she didn’t know how to handle her. 
"Luna, you scared me, please talk to me..." Amee pleaded with her, as she dried her body and helped her to put on some dress. Her wet hair drenched her back, but Iris couldn’t care less about it. 
Amee helped Iris to go out of the bedroom when she had done putting her dress on and helped her to lay down on the bed. 
However, when Iris saw Eron there, she looked like she was snapped back to reality. She grabbed the warrior’s arm tightly, which startled him. 
"Luna? Are you, okay?" Eron was very concern to see Iris’s current state. 
"Take me to Cane." Iris’s voice sounded a little raspy after her cry, but in her second attempt, it sounded more stable and powerful. "Take me to Cane." 
"Luna, I can write a letter to the alpha and tell him if you wanted to see him," Eron tried to bargain, since he knew the luna missed her mate so bad and he could understand her frustration. 
But, right now it was not that case anymore. 
Hearing what Eron said, Iris’s blue eyes turned very cold and hard, which made the warrior flinched and actually took a step back, he would take another step back if it was not for the fact Iris was clutching onto his arm right now. 
"Take me to Cane right now, or I am going there alone!" Iris barked her order, once she snapped back to reality, she realized the dire situation they were in and Cane and the other might not realize it yet. 
"I can write a letter..." Eron didn’t get a chance to finish his sentence when Iris growled at him in frustration. 
"That ridiculous man will ignore the letter! Damn it, Cane!" Iris cursed at him for the first time and this shocked Eron and Amee. 
Their sweet luna was cursing. She was actually cursing at the alpha... was she really, alright? 
"This is not the situation where I can explain in a letter!" Iris gritted her teeth. "Go and prepare a horse for me, we are leaving after I changed my dress!" 
The order came very natural to her and it left Eron with no other choice, but to oblige her. Iris used her luna’s voice without her even realizing it, in her haste to go to see Cane. 
Eron swallowed his words and rushed out of the bedroom, leaving Amee to coax Iris to come to her sense, but no amount of words that she said could convince Iris to stay. She was determined to leave and she would leave right away.
"At least, wait until tomorrow, luna. Let’s wait until tomorrow, okay? This is almost night," Amee said with a great concern, she didn’t know what was going on that caused Iris wanted to go immediately to the campsite. "Until then, let’s write to the alpha, okay?" 
Yet, Iris didn’t want to listen another word about writing a letter to Cane, because she knew how wasteful of an effort that was. 
More so, this was not something she could write, she needed to face the man and talk to the Holy Kingdom people directly to explain what she saw and get a better understanding of their current situation. 
"Luna..." Amee helped Iris to pack her dress, but she kept persuading her to stay, if anything she should leave tomorrow morning. 
"Amee." Iris stopped what she was doing and looked at the old lady, she hugged her tightly. "Thank you, but I need to go. This is very urgent. This is something important, please stopped persuading me to stay, because this matter could put Cane and the rest of us in danger too." 
Amee wanted to speak again, but Iris left no room for negotiation. In the end, Amee could only pack her things quickly and followed her out of the bedroom. 
In the front yard, Eron, Dyne and Redmond had been waiting for her. 
The red hair warrior looked at her with confusion. "Where do you think you are going? You need to stay here," he said sternly. "This is the alpha’s order." 
Iris scrunched her nose at him when she heard. "And this is my order, I am going to leave now, so open the gates." 
"I can’t let you go without explanation, Iris," Redmond was being stubborn with her, but this was simply not the right time to give Iris such attitude. "The alpha said for you to stay here." 
"You pledged your loyalty to me Redmond, you must obey me. My order is above Cane’s in your case," Iris said firmly, she said those words confidently like the luna she was. She knew how to use her status to get what she wanted and in a way, she was right. 
Redmond pledged his loyalty to her and whatever Cane’s order was, it would be nullified once Iris disagreed with it, if it came to Redmond. 
He was stunned, but then a smirk tugged on the corner of Redmond’s lips. "Is this an order from my luna?" he was surprised, but also elated because Iris could decide her own affair and what she wanted to do without relying so much on the alpha. 
Redmond didn’t realize it, but he seemed to give up his hope for Iris to rule their pack, until now he saw the determination in her clear blue eyes. 
"Yes." Iris gave him a firm reply. "Open the gate." Iris then turned to face Eron and Dyne. "If the two of you refused to take me to Cane, you can stay here, Redmond can escort me there." 
Eron and Dyne wanted to cry now to face this stern luna. Where was their timid luna had gone? 
"We will go with you, luna." Eron immediately came to his sense. "The alpha ordered us to protect you, this is our duty to be with you," he said hastily. 
At this point, there would be no amount of persuasion that would work, thus it would be better for them to go with her and faced the alpha’s wrath for taking the luna to the battlefield than to stay and if something happened to Iris, it went without saying, they would lose their head the next thing they knew. 
At the very least, if they came with the luna, she could curb the alpha’s wrath and there was a high chance, they could escape punishment all together, since this was the luna’s order. 
"We will go with you," Dyne chimed in defeated voice. 
And with that, Iris went to the campsite, where Cane and the rest were only with Dyne and Eron, because Redmond needed to stay in the Chrystal Moon pack, guarding the harbor. 
=============================== 
Early in the morning, Cane received another letter, but it was an official letter that asked him to meet in person before they went clawing each other’s throat. 
The letter came from alpha Derick. 
This would be the first time for Cane to meet with the alpha again. He used to look up to him when he was young, but right now he felt nothing for the old man. 
Currently, the two of them were facing each other. 
There were five steps distance between Cane and alpha Derick, but the former felt like he was seeing a stranger. There was no familiarity that he could feel from him. 
"Cane, it has been so long since the last time we met," alpha Derick started the conversation. He was actually stunned by how much Cane had grown. Despite that, alpha Derick was still be able to see the young man, who didn’t like to talk much. "You are as quiet as I remember." 
"Are you going to surrender?" Cane asked bluntly.
###Chapter 792: I DID WANT TO KILL HIM
Chapter 792: I DID WANT TO KILL HIM
Cane thought he would feel something when he finally met with alpha Derick, some kind of nostalgic feeling when he met the person, who once close to him and his family. 
However, that feeling didn’t come, because when he saw alpha Derick again, he felt nothing but unfamiliarity. 
He remembered him, but the closeness was nowhere to be found, yet he was glad he didn’t need to deal with that unnecessary feeling. He had a lot on his plate to deal with and the state he was in right now made thing easier for him. 
"Cane, we don’t need to go further with this unnecessary fight, we can work together and take down Alan. Prince Kellan has a plan for this." Alpha Derick moved closer to Cane. He still saw him as a young man that he met years ago, though physically he noticed a lot had changed. "Right now, we can work together. Josh will be so proud of you to continue what he was fighting for. What we were fighting for." 
Cane let out murderous intention. 
Kellan wanted to take down Alan? Was that the garbage he fed alpha Derick, so he was still blindly loyal to him, thinking Alan was still the same stupid crown prince in the past? 
It didn’t take a genius to tell that Kellan already knew who was the true ’current Alan’. Decratic must be the one, who healed his legs and now, he wanted to feed him with the same narration that he gave to alpha Derick? 
"That’s your fight alone, alpha Derick, I am not on your side." Cane wanted to kill someone when he heard the mention of Kellan’s name. "Where is Kellan?" 
Alpha Derick didn’t seem to be impressed with the way Cane addressed Kellan without his title. It was rude and impolite in his opinion. 
"What changed you, Cane? What narration that alpha Colter said that made you take his side?" The warmth on alpha Derick’s face faded away, as he looked at Cane with sharp eyes. "Choose your side wisely, Cane. You are treading a dangerous path. Your father will not like this." 
"My father is dead, you don’t need to worry about him." Cane had said the same thing when someone kept trying to make him walked the same path and chose the same decision like his father. 
"Cane!" alpha Derick roared, but there was nothing that he said after, because what Cane said was simply a brutal truth that he needed to deal with. 
There were only the two of them there, while a little bit further, Cane could see Cezi, while he took Jace with him, who kept a safe distance, enough for the beta not to hear the conversation between Cane and alpha Derick. 
"If there is nothing else do you want to say, you can go back to your warriors and prepared to meet your demise, or you can come with me and I will show you what kind of vile person the prince you adore so much." 
It would be hard to fight the warrior from Celestial Moon pack, because all of them were born to fight. With the position of their pack and there was constant monster attack, their strength and prowess in a battlefield were top notch. 
However, for Cane there was no way back, it was whether they won this war or they died. 
Alpha Derick narrowed his eyes and now Cane could feel the anger rolled off his body after what he said. He was not at all happy with the fact that Cane degraded his loyalty to prince Kellan. "At first, I thought prince Kellan made a mistake when he had this suspicious that you wanted to kill him by giving him a poisonous wine, but now..." 
"I did it," Cane admitted readily, without even waiting for him to finish his words. "I did want to kill him." Now the situation had changed so much, there was no need to hide his intention. 
Alpha Derick’s expression went from anger to shock and then enraged. "CANE!" he barked so loud, Jace and Cezi could hear him and this put the two of them on alert. Whatever the conversation they were in, it didn’t go well. "How dare you to do that to the prince?!" 
"Derick," Cane addressed him without his title. "If your intention to come and see me is only to get me to your side, you can get lose and if you want to get the antidote for your daughter, I don’t have it." Cane tilted his head and nodded at Cezi. "I thought I have made it clear last night with Cezi." 
Alpha Derick didn’t have any idea that Cezi was having a meeting with Cane last night. He turned his head and glared at Cezi, who could feel his father’s wrath was directed at him, but he didn’t have any idea why. 
"I will see you in the battlefield tomorrow, Derick." Cane held a little bit hope that he could talk to alpha Derick and convince him for the sake of his friendship with his father, but now when he saw him in person, he knew the alpha had succumbed to deep to believe whatever he said about Kellan. It would only waste his time and energy to explain things to him and he didn’t even want to start it when alpha Derick was very riled up when he didn’t even address Kellan properly. 
He was a lost cause. 
At the very least, with this meeting, Cane knew he had tried and he had nothing to regret or was being bothered by the question ’what if’ when he really met him in the battlefield. 
"CANE!" Derick screamed, he charged forward, wanting to grab him and stop him from leaving. He had been torn to fight Cane in the first place, thus suggested this meeting in order to convince him to surrender. It was not they were going to let Alan ruled the kingdom, but prince Kellan had a plan to snatch what belonged to him in the first place. 
Prince Kellan would have all the support he needed to usurp the throne if Cane agreed to cooperate, more so, there were people from Holy Kingdom and also Red Claw pack behind his back. These forces were enough to take down Alan without him being able to do anything major. It would be an easy battle to put prince Kellan as the sovereign. 
However, who would have thought Cane would openly reject the idea, he didn’t even think twice when he disagreed with it. 
"CANE! STOP RIGHT THERE!" Alpha Derick barked his order, he used his alpha’s voice against Cane, which unfortunately didn’t work at all, thus he needed to stop him from leaving physically. 
Alpha Derick grabbed his arm, but Cane had a great reflex, as he twisted his hand and pushed him away, which caused the old alpha stumbled and Cezi immediately rushed to get his father and Jace did the same. 
The tension was very thick in the air when both men reached their respective alphas and growled at each other. 
"Cane! This is supposed to be a civil discussion!" Cezi snarled at him. 
"Take your father back to your campsite, Cezi." Cane’s voice was very powerful, his eyes were very sharp and dark when he spoke. There was a glimmer of hatred and anger in those golden eyes. "Unless you hand over Kellan, I will not cease the attack." 
And after saying that, Cane turned around and left with Jace, leaving the father and son alone. 
Alpha Derick shrugged off Cezi’s hand from him and then glared at his son. "Did you meet with Cane in secret last night?" he asked in stern voice. 
Cezi was startled when he met with his father’s rage, but he knew he couldn’t escape from this, thus he faced him directly. 
"Yes, father. There is something I need to tell you." 
==================================== 
It took them a day and half to be out of the territory of Chrystal Moon pack, but they still needed another two days to reach the Cane’s campsite. 
Right now, this was the first night Iris was out in the open area with Eron and Dyne. The two of them just finished built a small tent for their luna, despite her insistence to sleep on a simple sleeping bag, the two of them didn’t allow her, since the wind was still cold and the ground was still wet. 
The winter just over, but the weather was rather cold for Iris, who had low tolerance for coldness. 
They moved only the three of them because it would be easier and faster. More so, the monsters were reported had moved to the north, they had never seen a monster again around the south, even in Goffa mountain, at least that was what the report told them. 
This weird phenomenal was pale in comparison to what was happening, thus it didn’t bother them so much. 
When Dyne explained to Iris about the route they would take, they heard a commotion and Eron’s loud voice, who was cursing at something, or... someone. 
"What is that?" Iris stood up and Dyne immediately jumped in front of her in protective position. 
"Eron?! What happened?" Dyne shouted, they could hear the ruffling sound of leaves and hasty footsteps. There was another voice now. 
And before their figures could be seen, Dyne was already growling in annoyance. 
"I found him following us, luna!" Eron grumbled, as he showed Zale when he emerged from the dark. He carried him by the hood of his cloak, leaving the young boy hanging.
###Chapter 793: BIRTHMARK
Chapter 793: BIRTHMARK
"From the look of it, I don’t think the alpha managed to convince alpha Derick to take our side," Aliana said to Ethan, both of them were talking about the ration and saw Cane and Jace just returned from his meeting with alpha Derick. The two of them went to the main tent and Cedric came inside not long after. 
"I think I have guessed it," Ethan replied. He glanced at Aliana. She looked a lot better now her shoulder was healed, but she needed to stay in the campsite, instead of going to the frontline like before, which made Ethan and Jace felt a little bit relief. At the very least, she could stay away from danger for the meantime. "The alpha is very stubborn to say the least and from what I remember, he adored the prince so much." 
Aliana nodded, agreeing with him. "If you were with the alpha, tell him to take some rest. I am afraid he will collapse," she said in worried tone. 
Ethan clicked his tongue. "I told him that so many time, I think Cane and I got so bored to hear that, but he didn’t heed any of my word." He touched his chin, contemplating. "Do you think the lycan in him is the reason why he has a lot of energy to deal with a lot of things without any rest?" 
There was some point where Ethan had explained this to her, of course with the permission from Cane, since she would be around very often. Aliana remembered how they could fight back the Blue Moon pack and got their revenge within six months. 
"Yes, I think that can be the reason how the alpha can have an abundant energy." Aliana felt worried for the alpha. After all, if he went down, everything would go down with him too. Cane was the only pillar they had to support them and lead them through this whole thing. 
================================== 
"Zale?" Iris was surprised to see the young shifter here. 
"I caught him sneaking around the area when I looked for game!" Eron looked beyond annoyed when he found him. 
"I look for something to eat too!" Zale flailed his arms and legs, trying to get away from Eron’s grip on the hood of his cloak. "Let me go!" 
"What are you doing here?" Iris came closer to them and saw how disheveled Zale was. He looked as messy as the first time she met him. "Eron, put him down." 
Upset, Eron simply let out of his grip on Zale’s hood, caused him to fall on the ground. 
"Eron!" Iris immediately approached Zale to check whether he was fine. The road here was not easy and because he didn’t come riding horse, he must have shifted into his beast to be able to catch up with them. 
"Sorry, luna," Eron apologized, but he didn’t sound apologetic at all. 
"What are you doing here, Zale?" It would be too late if they sent him back and it would be dangerous for him to go back alone, even though he came here without them knowing it. "Are you hurt somewhere?" Iris looked worried. 
"I am fine, luna," Zale replied in small voice. 
"Luna, you spoiled him too much," Dyne said. "You need to reprimand him because he didn’t listen to your order." 
Zale growled at Dyne, but Iris called his name sternly, which made him lowered his head timidly. "Answer me, why are you here?" 
"I want to go with you," Zale said. A simple answer that Iris should have guessed already. 
"I gave you an order to stay, why didn’t you listen to me?" Iris didn’t raise her voice, but you could tell she was a little bit angry right now and this made Zale lowered his head even more. 
Just like Dyne and Eron, Iris was also upset because Zale didn’t listen to her and put himself in dangerous situation. What if something happened to him and they didn’t even have any idea that he was in danger, because they didn’t know he came to follow them? 
Yet, Iris needed to curb her anger when he saw how pitiful he was and how his head hung so low, especially when she heard how his stomach was growling. He was hungry and this ached her heart. 
"Have you eaten?" Iris asked, this time her voice was gentler.
Zale shook his head. "I was looking for game when he caught me," Zale said, he glanced at Eron, but didn’t dare to look at the warrior a second longer. Eron was nice to be around, but he could look very scary when he was angry, he was a warrior after all. 
Iris sighed deeply. Now it came to this, they didn’t have any other choice, but to take him with them. 
"Eron, can you find extra game for him too?" Iris asked, which she knew there was no way Eron would refuse her request. 
"I will," Eron replied tersely, he threw a dagger look at Zale before he left, while Dyne would be with them. 
"Now, you need to clean yourself first before you ate something," Iris said, she helped Zale to stand up, but he flinched. "What is it? Are you hurt?" 
"I am fine, luna. I think I twisted my ankle only," Zale replied in small voice. 
"Let me, luna," Dyne said quickly when he saw Iris was about to bend her body and check on Zale’s legs. He had witnessed how Iris healed Joel’s leg and his luna didn’t even have any scrupulous to touch someone, who was lower in status than her at all. "You need to save your energy, luna. It’s a long journey, it must be so tiring for you to use your power to heal him. If he twisted his ankle, I can do it. Warriors twisted their ankle all the time, we know how to fix this." 
Iris wanted to say that she was not tired and she could heal him faster, but Dyne gave Zale a look, prompting him not to let luna waste her power on him. 
"It’s okay, luna. Dyne can do it! It will be fine. I twisted my ankle before and he fixed it!" Zale quickly said. He was not lying, but that was not a good experience. He would rather to have the luna’s healing power, but his guilty conscience didn’t allow him to do so. 
"Okay, I will be inside the tent," Iris said. She wanted to lay down for a while before their dinner, her back was killing her because she rode horse for a whole day. 
"Okay." Both of them replied in unison. 
But the moment Iris was out of their sight, Dyne glared at Zale. "Here, stuff it into your mouth and don’t scream." 
Zale took the fabric and stuffed it into his mouth, as he willed his strength not to make a peep when Dyne started to ’fix’ him. 
It was painful!!! This warrior was going to kill him! 
Half an hour later, they finally enjoyed their dinner. Eron brought back a stag and this was enough for them to eat until they reached their destination, which would save them time. 
After eating, they would take rest. Eron and Dyne would take turn to watch. 
"Zale, you need to clean yourself first, you can’t sleep like that." Iris pointed his wet cloak and dirty clothes. "Eron, can you lend him your clothes?" 
"His clothes must be very big for me, luna," Zale protested. He didn’t like to smell other people’s scent on him. "I used to sleep like this before, I will be fine." 
"It looks uncomfortable." 
"No, this is comfortable," Zale said. 
"Zale, go and clean yourself in the river and change your clothes," Iris said sternly this time, because this young boy kept denying her order. 
"Yes, luna," Zale finally agreed timidly. 
As much as possible, if they had to spend the night in the open area like this in their travel, they would stay near the source of water, because it would make things easier for them. 
After finishing his meal, Zale went to the river and dipped himself there, he rubbed his dirty skin because he thought the luna didn’t like to see something dirty, that’s why she insisted for him to clean himself. 
The water was very cold at first, but then when he had adjusted with the temperature, it was actually pretty nice, it was refreshing. The sky was clear and the moon was shining and his stomach was full, it was a good night to say the least. 
After Zale finished, he went out of the water and found Iris was waiting for him at the riverbank, she was holding clean clothes for him. 
Zale was only wearing his pants, leaving his upper body exposed, but he felt shy when the luna saw him. 
"Luna, you don’t need to..." Zale said in small voice. 
However, Iris gestured for him to sit on the rock and check on his ankle. "Is it still hurt?" she asked with concern. 
"No." His ankle was hurt because Dyne pressed it so hard, but he knew he would be fine tomorrow. 
Yet, Iris still used her power to heal it faster, making it felt very comfortable, though Zale told her not to do that. 
"Now, put on this clothes," Iris said, as he handed the clean clothes to him. 
"Yes, luna," Zale said obediently, he put on his clothes and Iris was about to leave, but then she caught something on his back. 
"Do you have birthmark?" Iris asked, coming closer.
###Chapter 794: I HOPE YOU DIED A MISERABLE DEATH
Chapter 794: I HOPE YOU DIED A MISERABLE DEATH
"You have birthmark," Iris stated when she came closer to see Zale’s birthmark because the shape of it was pretty interesting. She saw this shape before and was curious how he could get the same exact shape of the Holy Knight’s crest. 
No, she saw this crest inside that hut too... 
The mark was right on the middle of his shoulder blades, so unless you saw it yourself on the mirror or someone told you, you wouldn’t be able to know it was there. 
"Am I?" Zale asked, he tried to look over his shoulder, but it didn’t work. 
"Yes, you have it." Just like Iris thought, he didn’t have any idea that it was there. "Here." She pointed at his birthmark and it shone. 
The birthmark on Zale’s back gleamed with golden light, as if there was fire that emphasized the line of his birthmark, making it even more clear to see. The line of his birthmark became very apparent, as if you just inked the shape of it to make it more precise. 
Zale yelped and Iris immediately retracted her hand and crouched down too. "What happened? Are you hurt?" 
Iris was confused why Zale suddenly fell to his knees and whimpered. The sound of him drew attention from Eron and Dyne, the two of them came closer to see what happened. 
"Luna? Everything is alright? What happened?" Dyne came to check on Iris, while Eron looked around their surroundings to look for a threat. "What happened with you?" Dyne asked Zale, who was kneeling on the ground. 
"Zale, what happened? Did I hurt you?" Iris asked again, she was afraid to touch him. Did she hurt him accidentally? She didn’t think she used her power, but then she couldn’t say for sure about that. 
Suddenly, Zale stopped whimpering, he blinked his eyes as if he was confused why he was wailing in the first place. "I am fine," he said. 
"What is this?" Eron came to see him as well when he was sure there was no danger around them. "Are you trying to joke around?" he flicked his forehead. "You make the luna worried!" 
"Aw! I am not!" Zale growled at him. 
"Zale, tell me, what happened." Iris dismissed their banter. She saw the gleam on his birthmark, but was not sure what happened. 
Zale then told her about the sudden pain when he touched his birthmark, as if he was being stabbed by hot rod, but then the pain suddenly disappeared, as if it was only in his head. 
"You have birthmark?" Dyne turned his body around easily and the two of them saw his birthmark. "It doesn’t look like birthmark, it looks like you just got your skin tattooed with red ink." 
Iris tilted her head to look at it as well and was sure the shape became even more glaring than before. It’s weird. 
However, this incident soon was pushed to the back of her mind, as they needed to rest and had to go on the road early in the morning. 
Zale would need to ride with Dyne or Eron, even though he said he didn’t want to be a burden and could simply shifted into his beast and ran following them. 
Yet, Iris didn’t agree with the idea, because based on what she learned, maintaining your wolf form required a lot of energy, that was why when you were badly injured and you couldn’t preserve that form, you would shift back into your human form. 
Most shifters died in their human form, unless it was a quick death in your other form. 
With that, the four of them continued their journey to Cane’s campsite. The weather was no longer cold and the seeds take root and vegetation begins to grow. 
The spring was finally here... 
================================ 
"Cane, tell me what is it with my birthmark!" Lou had been hunting Cane down with this whenever they were alone, even now when they were in the middle of the preparation to battle their way to get Bloody Wolf pack, he kept pestering the alpha about this. 
He couldn’t ask this when there was other people around, because he didn’t want anyone to learn more about him. What if this was something he didn’t want other to learn? He had suffered a great lost because he had laid his secret in the open about him being a sorcerer. 
"Seriously! I don’t know that you are so petty like this!" Lou scoffed. "What if I died in the battlefield? I will make sure my ghost will hunt you for the rest of your life, so you will have another soul to be worried about aside from the lycan within you." Lou knew this threat was petty and childish and more like Cane wouldn’t fall for this, he didn’t believe, he would stoop this low. 
"I will tell you if you survived this battle," Cane said and then walked away to check on the warriors, but the merchant wouldn’t let him leave without giving him a clear explanation. 
"Wait!" Lou blocked his path and glared at him. "What if I didn’t survive? Do you want me to die without having a proper rest?" 
"What the point of telling you if you died?" Cane challenged him, which made the merchant was tongued tied. 
Lou really hated Cane’s guts! 
On the other hand, Ethan was currently telling Aliana about what to do with their war prisoners, since she wouldn’t go with them to the battlefield. 
"You must already know them," Ethan started. 
Aliana raised her brows. "What are you doing with their faces?" 
"I don’t like their expression, so I ruined their faces." Ethan nudged the closer man to him. "I ruined this one’s face before. He is ugly, so I didn’t make any different actually." He shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly and Aliana was speechless. 
There were three people there. Jax, alpha Gallot and his beta, Xo, while the rest of the warriors were put in different area. They didn’t kill them yet, because they still could use them if they agreed to pledge their loyalty to Cane. 
For the warriors, they only starved them. It was an efficient method, since they needed to be careful with their ration and there was no need to feed their enemy, while the three main people here, took the brunt of Ethan’s brutality. 
After all, the gamma was the one, who had the idea to castrate Mason in the past, so one could tell how cruel this easy going man could be when he put his mind in it. 
"I have tortured them and tried to squeeze all the information from their mouth, but they didn’t have anything important." Ethan crossed his arms, contemplating. "Maybe you have different method." 
"BITCH! If I have my hand on you, I will fuck... Ah!" Jax didn’t even finish his words when Ethan’s leg made a contact with his mouth. 
"It’s a pity I can’t cut his tongue, because we still need him to speak." Ethan clicked his tongue. "But, we can still gauge his eyes and cut his limbs..." 
Aliana rolled her eyes. "Leave them to me, I will think a way to get something from them." She patted his arm. "Go. You don’t need to worry about it and comeback safely." Ethan had a battle to fight of. 
Ethan nodded, but then he stared at her, his gaze was so deep, as if he wanted to ask about something. 
"What is it?" Aliana asked because she could feel his eyes on her lingered a little bit longer. 
"Can I have a kiss? For a good luck?" Okay, he was being cheesy here, but he heard Lou grumbled about this when Iris gave Cane a ’good luck’ with a kiss. 
Aliana was stunned, but then she gave him a little kick on his shin, so he could return to his sense. "There is no such thing!" 
"I hope you died a miserable death!" Jax cursed him. "Let those beasts mauled your body to pieces!" 
Ethan didn’t have time to react when Aliana had whacked him with a big rock that she could reach in a very short time. She whacked his head twice before she kicked him as hard as he could. 
On the other hand, Ethan was stunned, so did alpha Gallot and his beta. They thought, Aliana would be easy to deal with. 
However, after his shock, the gamma was actually happy enough to see Aliana was angry on his behalf. 
"I think you killed him," Ethan said with amusement. 
"I did this world a great favor then!" Aliana was panting angrily. Her heart beat so fast. 
=============================== 
On their way to the campsite, they received great news about how Cane managed to corner alpha Derick and his warriors to the Silver River pack. 
Though they had not yet fully in control over Bloody Wolf pack, but this progress was indeed a breath of fresh air. Eron and Dyne basked in happiness when they stayed inside a cheap inn in the town. This place was really in poor state, where you needed to watch your back, since there were many thieves from shifters to magic users. They were the people, who managed to survive harsh winter with very little food and also the attack of crows. 
Iris was also elated. If they managed to make this progress, it meant they didn’t suffer many loses and Cane was safe. 
However, now alpha Derick brought his warriors to Silver River pack. That pack was the pack Cane abandoned because it didn’t give them any benefit. 
Not to mention the Silver Warrior...
###Chapter 795: THE LUNA IS HERE!
Chapter 795: THE LUNA IS HERE!
"I don’t care, who will be the king, as long as they give us food and feed our children, I am willing to give my life," said a man in the table next to Iris, he was talking with his friend. 
"Why would alpha Cane fight the royal in the first place?" The other man talked. 
"I am not sure, but I think he supported the Red Claw pack, the baby from prince Vemion was the crown prince before King Aeon died." 
"Yes, but this caused the alpha fought against alpha Derick from Celestial Moon pack. Alpha Josh was a good friend of alpha Derick in the past and everyone knew the two alphas supported prince Kellan back then." 
"Hh... If I could choose, I would rather have alpha Cane to sit on the throne. He was the only one, who gave us food during winter, though it was not much, but without the distribution of food from him, I don’t think we can survive here." 
The other men agreed with him. They shared the same sentiment and then talked about Cane’s birthright before they talked about Iris. 
"I heard his luna taught lowborn children how to read and write and now all the Howling Wolf pack warriors are able to read and write." 
"Yeah, I heard the same thing too." 
"Can you imagine someone like her wanted to take her time to teach lowborn like us?" 
"Unfortunately, she is a runt." 
The other man didn’t agree. "I heard she can use healing power. Do you think her mother cheated on alpha Gerald? She has red hair, both of her parents didn’t have that color of hair from what I knew." 
"There is a possibility..." 
"Rumor said the Serafim looks like her." 
"I have never seen the Serafim, but I think that’s a coincident." 
When these men kept talking about Iris and the topic about her only became more heated with a lot of speculation about her birth, Eron took the initiative to get them leave, because he was afraid there was a certain topic that would come up to the surface. 
Meanwhile, Zale basked in glory when they praised his luna, he kept staring at her with adoration. Currently, Iris was having her hair hid under her hoodie and half of her face was barely seen, but one could tell that she was uncomfortable with how open they were talking about her, though it was on positive note. 
"We need to leave now," Eron said, as he stood up. He decided not to make a stop in the town again, because he was afraid they would encounter another situation like this. 
"Yes, yes," Iris said hastily, as she stood up. 
However, they didn’t move quick enough when those men finally came to the topic Eron dreaded the most. 
"Unfortunately, she lost her babies..." the man sighed. 
"Yeah. It’s very devastating news. It can be said the alpha had lost three babies now. He didn’t have firstborn yet. If he wanted to usurp the throne the problem with heir will be his biggest obstacle. What kind of king without an heir?" 
Eron and Dyne felt like their heart dropped to the floor when they heard that, they immediately checked on Iris and she had her brows furrowed.
It was Zale, who took her hand and got them out of this cheap tavern. 
They walked toward, where they put their horses and Dyne tossed a coin to a young, who guarded them. That young boy, who looked like the same age like Zale, looked happy to see the silver coin and then thanked them before he dashed away. 
"What they meant with... I lost my babies?" Iris finally broke the silent, she pulled down the shawl that covered half of her face, her blue eyes met Eron’s and Dyne’s, she demanded an explanation. "What babies?" 
Out of instinct, Iris touched her stomach. It was flat. She lost all of her baby’s fat when she succumbed into a deep depression, one could tell there was no trace of her pregnancy whatsoever right now, even though she just gave birth a little bit more than three months ago. 
Eron and Dyne didn’t know what to say, they were trying to find a way to get out of this situation, but their brain didn’t work properly and couldn’t come up with something that could convince her that they were not lying, because obviously, it was the only way they could explain thing to her. 
However, no matter how hard they were trying, their mind went blank instead. Thankfully, the little boy came for their rescue. 
"What babies?" Zale questioned Eron and Dyne too. This little devil actually looked very innocent when he spoke. "Was that the rumor that alpha spread around?" he scrunched his brows, looked confused and he looked very convincing. 
"Cane?" Iris furrowed her brows. But, it was not weird for Cane to spread rumor, since it was not a new method when it came to him. Yet, why it had to be her pregnancy? She didn’t have one, right? 
"Why don’t we go to the alpha right away and you can ask about it, luna?" Zale suggested. 
Iris nodded. She would get the right answer if she came to the right source, more so there wouldn’t be such rumor if no one started it and right now, the only culprit in her mind was Cane. That man was very unpredictable and she could only sigh with all the scheme under his sleeves. 
"Okay..." Iris nodded. A little bit reluctant, she stared at the tavern again and had this impulsiveness to go back inside and asked those men about the rumor, but then she decided to go. They couldn’t waste their time and what Iris needed to tell Cane was way more urgent than rumor. 
Finally, they could breathe in relief when Iris agreed to leave. They immediately mounted their horses and Zale was with Eron. He spoke at him in low voice, which only allowed the two of them to hear that. 
"You owe me for this one," Zale said tersely. "And don’t flick my head again, I don’t like it." 
Eron opened his mouth, but then he clamped it again. He felt grievances, but he couldn’t complain because indeed, Zale had saved them earlier. 
That was really a close call to say the least. 
And with that, they continued their journey and because Eron avoided the towns, they spent the night in the open area for the rest of it. 
Iris didn’t realize it, since she didn’t have any idea the route they must to take, but Dyne and Zale could tell. 
In the end, they had to spend another two days for them to be able to reach Cane’s campsite, 
By the time they were there it was early in the morning and it was because Iris insisted for them to ride through the night, since Dyne said Cane’s campsite was already so close. 
By the time they arrived there, it was already a week since Iris got that vision and Cane had moved his campsite twice. Right now, they were still trying to corner alpha Derick and his warriors even more, while Cane’s warrior tried to take control over the Bloody Wolf pack. 
It was not that hard, since they were willing to let Cane and his people to rule them, not to mention with the Serafim and people from Holy Kingdom were here, there was no significant resistance against them. 
Celestial Moon pack warriors were indeed a great fighter, even though they were not infused by dark magic, but they were born to fight monsters in the north. 
However, this place was a disadvantage for them, since alpha Derick and Cezi were not familiar with this terrain. It could be said, the land in the south was Cane’s turf. 
During this period of time, Cedric had his knights to besiege Silver River pack’s fortress after their last battle, they needed to stand guard, especially when Silver Warrior sneaked around and ruined their ration. 
Some of the warriors and knights were being poisoned because of that and they needed to think of a way to get out of this situation. 
And that was the first thing that Iris heard when she came to the campsite and fortunately, it was Zephyr and Trion, who were in charge to be there and saw their luna’s small group first. 
The two of them were shocked to see their luna. 
"Luna! How can you..." Trion was dumbstruck. He and Zephyr directed their attention toward Eron and Dyne, as if asking for their explanation. 
However, Iris cut them off before they could interrogate the two of them. 
Zephyr got another shock when he saw Zale was coming with them too. "Why I am not surprise to see you here?" he clicked his tongue and crossed his arms, as he stared down at the young boy, whom he had been training for the past few months. 
Zale moved closer to Iris to avoid Zephyr’s stern glare. 
"Where is Cane?" Iris asked them, she entered the campsite and just like the Zephyr and Trion, they were surprised to see their luna here, especially those from Howling Wolf pack. 
Of course, the words travelled to Cane so fast and Iris barely entered the campsite when Cane already rushed toward her. 
He stopped running when the report was actually true. His mate was here. His luna... and the expression Cane had currently was priceless. 
Jace and Aliana came second after their alpha. 
"Heaven! Luna, you are here!" Aliana exclaimed, while Cane and Iris kept staring at each other.
###Chapter 796: WE ARE LEAVING!
Chapter 796: WE ARE LEAVING!
Cane felt like he got a heart attack when he saw Iris was standing right in front of him. His mate was here. 
On the other hand, because Cane stood there without moving, Iris didn’t dare to take a step closer too, because she was afraid of his reaction. 
What he would say? Would he be angry at her? Yelled at her? Would he send her back to Chrystal Moon pack? 
When Iris rushed here, the only thing in her mind was to tell Cane about the vision she saw a week ago, more so, she missed him like crazy. She was also angry at him for ignoring her. 
But now, when they were already in front of each other, Iris was not sure what to say, especially when Cane didn’t move. He said nothing and kept staring at her. 
It was Aliana, who came to approach Iris first and took her to the campsite area. 
"Luna, you must be very tired, come. I will take you to the alpha’s tent." Aliana grabbed Iris’s hand and glanced at the alpha, who still stood in the same place. 
"Oh, okay..." Iris looked a little bit awkward because not this silent from Cane that she expected. It would be easier for her if she said something. 
Cane only moved along when Aliana took Iris with him and walked past the alpha. He followed the two women from behind. 
Meanwhile, Jace had his eyes on Zale. He stared at the young boy with an incredulous expression, as he crossed his arms in front of the young boy. 
Zale immediately turned around and wanted to scurry away, but Jace already put his hand on his shoulder, rendered him unable to escape. 
"Don’t give a bullshit about luna took you with her," Jace started. "You were the one, who followed her here, right?" Jace guessed it correctly. After all, this was not the first time Zale did this. 
With that Eron and Dyne chimed in, they reported to the beta about what happened and this made Jace became even more upset. 
"I told you that I will follow the luna!" Zale shouted before Jace could even say anything. "I told you I will follow the luna! I told you that, right?! You can’t kick me out! I will come back again if you did!" 
Jace said nothing, but he dragged Zale into the campsite, while the other warriors followed him. 
At the same time, inside the alpha’s tent, Iris felt really awkward when Cane kept staring at her, while crossing his arms in front of his chest, his expression was unreadable... it was hard to concentrate what Aliana told her when her mind was solely on Cane. 
After realizing the tension between them too, Aliana smiled at the luna and told her that she would come back with food for her. 
Iris didn’t think she could stomach anything, but she nodded anyway when Aliana went out of the tent and left the two of them alone. 
"Th- there is something important I need to tell you," Iris said, she prayed her voice wouldn’t be this shaking, because she didn’t want to feel intimidated when Cane literally didn’t do anything. Probably, this was because of her guilty conscience for rushing here, knowing he didn’t want her to be in the battlefield and had a high risk to be harmed... 
"Speak." Cane’s voice came out so cold and dark. This was not the tone that he used to use when he talked to her, but she could understand why he was very frustrated with her right now. She couldn’t help, but felt a little bit hurt. 
Iris opened her mouth, she was about to tell him everything. Her first instinct was to obey him, because that was how she was raised. She needed to obey, though not all the time she would do that. 
However, before she could explain, there was this sudden rush of anger that caught up in her throat, as she remembered how miserable she was when he ignored her letters. She wrote for him many times, but not even once he wrote back, not specifically for her. 
She knew this was his habit, but it didn’t mean she couldn’t be mad because she was being treated unfairly. She didn’t ask him to write a novel for her, a simple ’I am fine, how are you?’ would do to curb her worry. 
But, no. She didn’t even get that. 
Therefore, when Iris spoke to explain what she saw in her vision, her voice was as cold as his, her blue eyes dimmed and she balled her fists under her sleeves. She was very angry with this bad alpha of hers! 
Iris spoke through her gritted teeth, she met Cane’s eyes squarely and didn’t even blink when she told him what she saw. About the dragon, about the catastrophe and how she felt that was a warning. She knew it was not a simple thing as she fell asleep when she took a bath. It felt like when she lived Na’s memories. The image was surreal and lucid enough to say it was real. 
"That’s the only thing I want to tell you!" Iris ended her long rambles, people could tell she was enraged, but trying her best to control her emotions, as she gnashed on her molars. "Now you know about it, I will leave!" 
Iris then wanted to exit the tent, but Cane grabbed her hand. During her rambles, not even once Cane intervened, neither he asked nor gave any comments about what she told him, making Iris doubted whether he listened to her or not. 
"Eat first," Cane said. His voice softened to see the anger and hurt in Iris’s blue eyes, but she swatted his hand away. 
"I. don’t. want. to. eat." Iris enunciated every word clearly. She was not going to accept the way he treated her. She was the one, who made this effort here, after the way he ignored her for weeks, but when she was here, he gave her a cold shoulder and even attempted to ignore her again without even hearing her out first. 
Gone Iris’s timid self, as her annoyance toward Cane reached the threshold. She loved him, but it didn’t mean she couldn’t be mad at him. 
"Iris," Cane called her name gently. He tried to stop her again, but then stopped in his track when he felt this pain. 
No way! 
No way she did this to him! 
Cane widened his eyes when he realized Iris indeed did it, because if he tried to stop her, she wouldn’t stand a chance to reject him physically. 
"I said, I am going to leave," Iris said through her gritted teeth. Yes. She used her power to squeeze Cane’s wolf spirit in order to stop him from blocking her way. 
Not like in the past, now Iris got a better control on her power. This wouldn’t put Cane in harm way, but it was enough to render him unable to move, making him lose his strength and dropped to his knees and the lycan happily tried to crawl his way out. 
Now Cane knew what would happen if he pissed his little mate off! He shouldn’t have tried it in the first place though... 
Cane staggered, but finally he was subdued, as he clutched his chest and knelt down. Iris used this moment to step aside and walk out of the tent. 
"Eron! Dyne! Zale!" Iris shouted their names and the three of them rushed toward her with panic expression, because they could sense her anger when she called them. 
It was so rare to see her angry, but when she did, to be honest, it sent chill down to their bones. She felt taller and bigger in their eyes, though in reality, she was only two heads taller than Zale, who was currently twelve years old. 
"Yes, luna?" They asked in unison, being very alerted with her foul mood. 
"We are leaving now!" Iris said tersely, as she walked toward where they put away her horse. Her steps were quick, but with her short legs, the three of them easily caught up with her. 
"Leaving? Now?" Eron asked. "But, you need to rest, luna. You didn’t even sleep a wink last night." They could go for another night without asleep, but their luna was different. She could become sick if they went away right now without her resting first. 
"Luna, let’s leave after you well rested." Dyne also tried to coax her, but Iris didn’t budge. She stopped walking and turned around to give them a dagger look and this very efficient to shut them up. 
Zale actually hid behind Eron when Iris did this, he was afraid of the luna now. He would think twice before he upset her in the future by not listening to what she said. 
"We are leaving." Iris made it final and didn’t leave any room for negotiation. 
"Y- yes, luna..." The three of them had nothing more to say. Their luna was pissed beyond words. 
Now, since Cane didn’t want her to be here and he didn’t seem to be worried nor he was happy to see her here, she would leave as soon as possible, so he could continue with whatever he was doing and Iris would wait in the Chrystal Moon pack, drinking her hot chocolate that Hanna gave to her, while playing with the children. 
She would wait for Cane’s glorious return. 
See? Life was easy, why should she make things difficult for herself to make a wasteful effort?
###Chapter 797: THE LUNA’S GRIEVANCES
Chapter 797: THE LUNA’S GRIEVANCES
Iris mounted her horse when Aliana came to her, she was bringing plates full of meal, but when she saw the luna was about to leave, she handed the tray to the nearby warrior and then rushed toward her. 
There was no way she was going to leave very soon like this, did she have a fight with the alpha? Even from afar, Aliana could feel the luna’s anger rolled off her body. 
How much Cane had pissed her off to make her like this? 
Aliana knew about the letter and this was not the first time Cane did this to Iris, thus it would be a futile attempt to remind the alpha that the luna was really miserable when he didn’t write to her at all. 
"Luna! Luna Iris, where are you going?" Aliana quickly approached Iris, she looked around, but she couldn’t see the alpha anywhere. 
What? Did the alpha let the luna leave just like this? He didn’t even come out to see her? Little did Aliana knew, Cane was currently struggling when Iris’s rage finally bit him back. 
The alpha was still alive, of course, but now he finally felt the pain that he inflicted on her. 
"I am leaving," Iris replied in a matter of fact tone. She tried to avoid Aliana, but she stood in front of her and tried to talk to her. 
"Luna, I have prepared meal for you, at least, you can eat first before you left. You just arrived." Aliana was scared of her luna now. 
"Move aside, Aliana," Iris said sternly, she made the horse to move aside to avoid Aliana, but she was persistence and blocked her way again. 
Meanwhile, Eron and Dyne couldn’t do anything, even when Aliana tried to make an eye contact with them to help her persuaded the luna. The two of them didn’t want to taste Iris’s wrath.
The anger of a kind and gentle person was too scary! 
"My luna, please, have a rest first, you can leave tomorrow morning. I heard you have not yet slept at all last night..." Aliana tried to persuade Iris even more, she didn’t dare to bring Cane’s name because she could tell the alpha was the problem here. 
"Aliana, I told you to move aside." Iris used her luna’s voice when she gave her this order, which made Aliana stunned, she was speechless and was not able to do anything when she watched Iris rode the horse away from the campsite. 
But, soon after Aliana could see from the corner of her eyes a black beast dashed away from the tent and chased after Iris’s little group. 
Seeing that, Aliana prayed everything would end up well with the alpha and the luna. 
"Aliana, you need to check on Ethan." Trion approached her and he looked worried, which made Aliana snapped back and rushed toward the gamma’s tent. 
Because of the food poison accident not long ago, Grace had been very busy with the sick warriors and knights and she tried her best to relief the stress, the Serafim also did the same thing, but there were not much she could do since her power was limited. 
She had been very exhausted to deal with the crows alone and to heal the sick people, it wouldn’t be recommended, since they didn’t know when their enemy would use dark magic and it would leave only her to deal with it. 
Actually, Aliana was happy enough to see Iris was here, since they really needed her, but it would be very selfish if they welcomed her at time like this when they had ignored her for weeks. 
On the other hand, the black beast managed to catch up with his angry little mate, not too far from the campsite. 
The black beast ran beside the horse, but Iris simply glanced at him and ignored him. Iris tempted to use her power again, but it seemed, she still didn’t have a heart to see him in pain again. 
There was this guilty feeling when she saw Cane was in pain, but her anger pushed it back down. 
Meanwhile, didn’t get the reaction he wanted, the black beast snarled, which scared the horse and startled it, rendered the horse to stop running and became panic. 
"Luna!" Eron and Dyne stopped their horses too, they immediately dismounted their horses and was about to help their luna, just in case, she fell from her horse. 
But, they didn’t need to do that, because their alpha was already there. Cane had shifted into his human form and took the reign of Iris’s horse. 
"Let it go!" Iris screamed at Cane. She glared at him viciously, but the alpha looked as calm as ever, which upset her even more. 
"Get down, okay?" Cane spoke softly. 
"No! I want to go!" Iris exclaimed. Tears threatened to fall on her face and she hated it when she had to cry whenever she was overwhelmed and angry. 
"Where are you going?" Cane asked again, but his grip on the horse reign was firm. He looked up to see Iris’s little face and her sharp blue eyes. To be honest, he liked the sight of her being angry like this. She looked lovely and full of life. 
This sight was better than the one that still engraved in Cane’s heart. 
"I am going away from you! I don’t want to be here!" 
"I thought you come here to see me," Cane retorted. 
"No! I don’t want to see you!" Iris growled. Her curls stuck on her face and her auburn hair made her looked like she was on fire under the sunlight. "Let me go now! Or else..." 
"Or else?" Cane raised his brows. Now, his mate was really threatening him. He wanted to know what she would do if he didn’t listen to her. "Or else? What are you going to do?" 
"I will... squeezed your wolf spirit!" 
By this time, Eron and Dyne had moved away, dragging the horses and Zale with them to give the alpha and luna space they needed to sort their problem. 
"Do it," Cane said without even thinking twice about his answer and this pissed her off even more. He knew she wouldn’t do it for the second time, because if she really wanted to do so, she would have done it like what she did to him earlier without any warning. 
The fact she didn’t, it meant she wouldn’t do it. Cane knew her this much. 
"Do it, or let’s go back to the campsite and talk." Cane stood there like a guard, waiting for a decision that his master would make. 
"I don’t want to talk with you!" Iris snapped. She was angry because Cane acted as if there was nothing happened. He didn’t address the matter properly. 
Seeing this argumentation would go nowhere, Cane lifted his body and sat on the horse, behind Iris with ease. He did that very swiftly. 
A moment ago, Cane was still standing beside the horse, holding the reign to prevent Iris from running away and now he was sitting behind her, trapping her small figure between his strong arms and made the horse went back to the campsite. 
"I told you I don’t want to go with you! I don’t want to talk with you!" Iris was throwing a tantrum now, she tried to snatch the reign from Cane, which was a dangerous move to do, but the alpha could stop her by hugging her from behind with one arm and the other still held onto the reign. 
"If you don’t want to talk with me, you don’t need to. You still can eat and rest without talking to me." Cane kissed her head, but Iris was not happy with the gesture. 
"I don’t want you to be near me!" Iris said again. She felt like she had said the same thing before, but she couldn’t remember when or in what occasion she didn’t want Cane to be near her. 
"It’s okay. I will stay in different tent," Cane replied patiently. 
"For what? You don’t want to see me anyway, I will do you a favor and leave, so let me go!" Now a single upsetting tear rolled down her cheek. 
"I am sorry, Iris if that’s the impression I gave to you." Cane squeezed her small body. He still felt the pain from what Iris did to him, but he was not going to mention about it. He deserved her anger. "I just couldn’t imagine you came here all of sudden and no one told me about this." 
Iris was silent for a while. She indeed didn’t tell Redmond to write a letter to Cane, informing him that he was coming, but apparently, Redmond didn’t do that to see how shocked Cane was. 
"That’s not even an excuse for the way you treated me." 
"I know and I am sorry for that." 
"I have been waiting for your letter, I know you are busy, I don’t even ask for you to write to me every day, but I have never received a single letter from you. I feel like you abandon me. You forgot about me and you know how hurt I am to think that I am only a nuisance for you?!" Iris let out her grievances, while Cane slowed down the horse and the other three people followed behind them, keeping their distance away from the two. "And now I came here, but you looked at me very coldly! You don’t want me to be here, I can understand, but what with your coldness?!"
###Chapter 798: EXPLAIN YOURSELF!
Chapter 798: EXPLAIN YOURSELF!
"You make me think that I am only a dead weigh for you, a nuisance and someone that you don’t need to share your burden and responsibility with. I feel so small and useless and you know how much I hated that feeling, but you made me feel that way with the way you treated me in the past few weeks. You forgot about me, it feels like you even forgot about my existence. What am I to you, Cane? Am I that useless until you can’t even share anything with me?" iris was crying now, not because she was sad, but because she was upset. "Now, you don’t need to bother with me again, because I am going back to the place you wanted me to be!" 
"The only place I want you to be is by my side, Iris," Cane replied in soft voice that could melt her heart, but his mate was too upset to listen to that. 
"But, you don’t act like you want me to be with you." 
"I only want you to be safe."
"Bullshit!" Iris hissed. She wasn’t used to cursing, but she was very frustrated right now. "You don’t even care when I have been on the road for days and all I got was your cold eyes stared at me. You don’t even ask how I am and whether I am fine or not, all you gave me was that glaring look! You didn’t even ask why I came to look for you." 
That was the part where Iris was hurt the most. She didn’t think Cane would be thrilled to see her, neither he would be happy, she expected him to be angry, but then he ignored her again. 
"You didn’t seem to be worried at all!" Iris turned her head to glare at Cane, who was now speechless. 
"I am sorry that I gave you that impression," Cane apologized to her again. It was a great deal for someone like Cane to keep apologizing, but then this little woman was always be his exception. "I didn’t mean it in that way." 
This time, Iris managed to snatch the reign, she stopped the horse and the two horses behind her also stopped in a safe distance. 
"Explain yourself!" Iris demanded. 
If Ethan and Jace saw this, they would learn another side of Iris. The look on their faces must be priceless to have someone actually managed to demand the alpha to explain himself and he actually did. 
Let alone explaining himself, Cane was actually too lazy to even give a lengthy explanation if it was not necessary. 
"There is a food poison in the campsite, many people have fallen sick because Silver Warrior managed to sneak into our food storage and spoiled the food there. It’s not safe in the campsite and no one told me that you will come. I was stunned to think you were on the road only with two warriors by your side. It could be very dangerous for you." Cane tucked strands of her hair behind her ear and it was a good sign when Iris didn’t swat his hand away. 
"You don’t look worry at all, you looked angry. Very upset." 
"Yes. Maybe I was. There are a lot of things that made me upset and angry recently with the progress of the battle and I have been trying to keep it together, but when I saw you, I thought I lost my self control. I lost it there. I can keep my cool if those warriors and knights were poisoned and they were sick, I can still think of a solution how to get us out of this situation, but when the situation involved you too, I don’t think I can keep my calm, Iris." 
The campsite was not safe and the thought of Iris went on this journey with only two warriors and a young boy, added to more problem that was already on Cane’s plate, the alpha simply couldn’t think straight. He let his emotions out, overruled his logic. 
"I realized that I was completely wrong to think that you are defenseless, iris. Because you could kill me as easy as you are breathing." 
Iris didn’t know whether Cane was trying to tease her or he was trying to lighten the tension between them, but it worked. Her anger dissipated a little bit. 
Iris swatted his hand away from her earlobe. "You know that I will not do that." 
"It felt like it," Cane retorted. Swiftly, he took the reign from Iris’s hand and made their way back to the campsite again. 
Iris was silent, she said nothing, until they were close to the campsite. "About the vision..." 
"I heard you. Let’s talk about it when you well rested and ate something." Cane heard how she didn’t sleep at all last night because she rushed to the campsite. He could see how tired she was, but this stubborn woman still wanted to go back on the road. She would really go back to the Chrystal Moon pack if Cane didn’t stop her. "Have I been forgiven?" 
"No." Iris pursed her lips. "Do you really think it’s easy to forgive you when you keep repeating the same thing again? I still couldn’t understand why you couldn’t write a single letter for me. Would it kill you to not make me worry?" 
"Old habit died hard," Cane said, as he dismounted the horse and helped Iris to get down when they were already in front of his tent. "I will try to fix that." 
Now they were already talking about it and at the very least, fixed half of their miscommunication, she felt tired and hungry. They were right when they told her that she needed to rest. 
Cane took her inside and asked someone to bring food for Iris. 
However, he tried all the food first before Iris could eat them to make sure, there was nothing wrong with it. He became extra careful with what she was going to eat and drink. 
"Let’s wait for five minutes," Cane said when Iris was about to eat, after he tasted all the food in front of her. 
"Why?" Iris complained, she was hungry. 
"Some poison will not react immediately," Cane said. He caressed her cheek. "Don’t eat and drink carelessly. If I am not with you, ask someone to taste it first and then wait for five minutes." That was what Grace told them to do as a first measure of prevention. 
"I will harm that person if I did that." 
"We shifter built differently, a poison like this can make us fell sick, but it will have a great effect on your body. The knights took it rather harsh." Cane pushed the plate to her when five minutes had passed and he felt fine. It was safe for her to eat these foods then. 
He also tasted the water she was going to drink and tell her not to drink from another waterskin aside from the one he prepared for her. There were a few things that Cane told Iris not to do and she listened while munching on her food. 
Once she was full, Iris felt sleepy. Cane tucked her in and kissed her forehead and with that she succumbed into a deep slumber. 
She was very tired and only woke up early the next morning and found Cane was still sleeping by her side. she slept throughout noon and night, now she felt a little bit sluggish. 
It had been a while, since she could see him up close like this and she smiled for the first time when she remembered their argumentation yesterday. 
Carefully, Iris shifted her body and snuggled closer to him, as Cane unconsciously tightened his his arm around her waist, pulling her closer to him, while burying his face in her curls. 
The alpha looked very tired and it ached her heart. She regretted it when she hurt him yesterday. She did it out of impulse. She shouldn’t have done that no matter how angry she was to him. 
"I am sorry," Iris said softly, as she kissed his lips gently. 
"Hm," Cane intoned. He opened his eyes sleepily. 
"Was that hurt?" Iris was surprised to see him awake, but then she realized, she couldn’t do anything sneakily with him. 
Cane seemed to know what she was talking about. "Yes." 
Iris furrowed her brows, she was racked with guilty feeling and Cane took advantage of that. He still looked very sleepy when he flipped her body and let her sat on top of him. "Make it up to me," he said and this made Iris blushed. 
"Cane! You haven’t even really woken up yet!" Despite that, Iris could feel how hard he was, she was really sitting on his bone and this made her face turned even ruddier. 
"I am," Cane said sleepily. 
It was a quiet morning, in the distance, Iris could hear people started with their morning activity and here she was having their own world. 
Iris chuckled, she felt like everything would be fine and there was nothing could disturb this peaceful morning between them. 
"I am still angry with you," Iris said with a low voice. She looked at him with sullen expression now. 
"Okay." Cane caressed her thighs. 
However, Iris screeched when Jace’s voice traveled into the tent. She immediately got off Cane’s body. The beta knew Iris was inside, thus he didn’t enter the tent immediately. 
"Cane! Are you awake? You need to come and check on Ethan, take the luna with you too!" Jace spoke with urgency.
###Chapter 799: THE DISEASE
Chapter 799: THE DISEASE
Iris was alarmed when she heard the urgency in Jace’s voice, she felt like her world crumbled in slowly when she learned something bad happened to Ethan. Her heart was thumping so wild when she got off the bed and intended to rush out of the tent to see the gamma. 
However, Cane grabbed her wrist and put on a cloak over her thin dress and then took her hand to walk out and meet with Jace. 
"What happened?" Cane asked, as they walked toward the other tent and the beta gave them a brief summary about what was going on. 
Ethan got food poisoning, but it was not anything life threatening, he only fell sick and had a fever, something that happened to the other warriors when they were being poisoned, though the knights took it rather harshly and two of them didn’t make it, but the shifter’s healing ability helped tremendously with this situation. 
"Earlier when Aliana helped him to cool off his body, she found this on his chest." Jace pulled the blanket that covered Ethan’s body and showed the burn mark on his left chest. "I think this is Grebis." 
This was the first time Iris saw Ethan again after a few weeks he was in the battlefield with Cane. The gamma looked pale and right now he was unconscious, while Aliana sat beside the makeshift bed without saying anything, her eyes looked empty and she didn’t utter a single word either. She held his hand tightly and didn’t avert her gaze from Ethan’s sleeping face. 
"Grebis?" Cane narrowed his eyes, he squatted down and checked on the burn mark on Ethan’s left chest and what the beta said was right. It was indeed Grebis. He had been in the Silver River pack before and watched closely about this disease. 
The problem was; there was still no cure for this disease and most of the people that infected would end up with a bad ending, more so what made them even more alerted was the fact they didn’t know what the cause of it. 
"Grebis?" Iris knelt down beside Cane, her heart was beating very fast against her ribcage, she felt like she was having a hard time to breath when she spoke with trembling tone. "Didn’t you say that you it’s an incurable disease?" 
Iris dreaded the answer.
However, the disease was not only infected the people in Cane’s campsite, but also alpha Derick’s warriors. The problem was; they didn’t have a healer to help them with the situation. 
This was one of the reasons why alpha Derick had not yet given an order to attack Cane’s party when the Silver Warrior managed to poison their food storage and put them in difficult situation when food was already sacred during this season. 
They just came out from a harsh winter and the problem with the crows after all. 
But, another problem why alpha Derick was hesitated was because Cezi went against him. He was adamant for his father to check on Arella first and dug more information about what prince Kellan had been doing, whether Cane’s assumption was right or not. 
Alpha Derick didn’t want to have any suspicion on the prince that he adored so much, but then Cezi’s stubbornness and how out of character he was to go against him very strongly got alpha Derick to think the possibility of it. 
"How do you want to check on it when Arella can’t even talk?" alpha Derick finally gave up when Cezi kept plastering him about this matter. 
Currently, Arella was still with prince Kellan. 
Prince Kellan led his warriors to besiege Diandem pack, which made them only a pack away from each other. Even until now, prince Kellan couldn’t crack the fortification that was shielded by a hundred magic users under the command of alpha Colter. 
Without those magic users, sure enough, all of them would be dead by now and Diandem pack would have been conquered long time ago. 
"Can’t you see? We have problem here with the Grebis disease! All of our warriors will die in this rate! We need to join prince Kellan in the border of Diandem pack, we can abandon this pack and based our stronghold there," Cezi suggested. "With that, we can keep our eyes on prince Kellan and Arella." Cezi touched his shoulder, he felt uncomfortable. 
That was an efficient way, but alpha Derick didn’t agree with that. 
"Int that way, we will be pit in between Cane’s warriors and Colter’s warriors, it will give us limited space to move." Alpha Derick stood his ground. 
"Do you want to stay here and let our warriors died gradually? There are around a hundred warriors that have been infected and the number will not go down. This disease will not disappear eventually, it will kill us!" Cezi was frustrated, he pressed his hand against his shoulder unconsciously because he had been feeling unwell since two days ago, but he brushed it off, thinking it was only him being too exhausted. 
However, alpha Derick caught onto it and grabbed his hand to see what happened with his shoulder. "What happened with you?" 
"I think I hurt my shoulder during training," Cezi replied. 
But that reason didn’t hold the water when both of them knew a shifter wouldn’t have such injury for a long time. 
And to their horror what they saw on his shoulder was something that made the room fell into the pit of silent. 
There was that burning scar on his shoulder, it was small, Cezi didn’t even notice it. 
"You are being infected?" Alpha Derick felt his world collapsed. His only son was being infected by this disgusting disease?! 
Meanwhile, Iris was staring at the same burning scar on Ethan’s left chest when the Serafim entered the tent, she too, looked very exhausted, as if she was about to collapse anytime soon. 
Everything that happened in the past few days had taken a toll on her. Her face looked gaunt.
###Chapter 800: HER SILENT PRAY
Chapter 800: HER SILENT PRAY
Abby looked a little bit pale and skinnier too. The crows were really a handful for the Serafim, not to mention she had to help Grace with all the patient that got poisoned. 
Liam had told her to take it easy, but Abby didn’t want to listen. She had this urge to prove herself that she worth it, that she was not useless and helpless. She was the Serafim after all, they relied on her to bring peace. 
However, every now and then Abby couldn’t help this bitterness in her heart when she was always reminded of how she had claimed someone else’s achievement as hers. Though only a handful people knew about this, but she lived with this embarrassment. 
She had a mixed feeling about Iris. Abby knew she was not the enemy and Iris didn’t even try to compete with her, but she couldn’t help with this negative feeling that kept gnawing in her heart and mind. 
She felt even worse when she heard Iris was here. She needed her help, but... 
"Can you do something about this?" Iris asked Abby the first thing she saw the Serafim. She didn’t greet her or show respect to her. 
In Iris’s eyes right now, there was nothing more important than to heal Ethan, before it was too late. The burn on his left chest was still not spread too far, the size was rather small. There must be something that Grace and Abby could think of, right? 
"Come here and check on him," Iris said with calm tone. She didn’t show any emotion, but heaven knew what kind of storm within her right now. 
The thought something really bad might happen to Ethan made her suffocated. 
"Don’t order the Serafim around," Liam reprimanded her, but Iris gave him a dagger look, which made him glared down at her too, but Cane stood up and shield Iris behind his back, murderous intention rolled off his body. 
The alpha was being defensive when someone else tried to threaten his mate. 
"Enough, Liam!" Abby said, she gave him a look to drop it, which the knight obliged. Liam didn’t really fond of the shifter and the thought of Iris had the first Serafim’s life essence sounded like a scheme for him, but he didn’t have a say in this matter. 
With that, Abby knelt down beside Ethan’s body and held his other hand. There was this gleam of lights that came from their hands, but there was nothing really happened. Abby then put her hand over the burn scar on Ethan’s left chest. 
Liam was about to protest, because he was afraid Abby would get infected too, but seeing how serious her little face was and he knew there was nothing he could do even if he ed it, he could only bite his tongue and swallowed his words. 
No one knew how hard Abby tried in this situation than him. He knew how much Abby wanted to prove her worth to other people. 
"This is not black magic, I can’t purify it. This is a disease." Abby shook her head. She felt so bad to not being able to help. 
Meanwhile, Aliana was still not saying a single word, she held Ethan’s hand without averting her eyes from his sleeping face, while Jace had gone out to look for Grace. 
Food poisoning, dark magic and now this disease... 
"Decratic is getting stronger," Abby said. She let go of Ethan’s hand and lifted her head to look at Iris with sad eyes. "The following of the awakening of the dark magic, it will be an outbreak of epidemic of disease. I think this is the disease that was being mentioned in the sculpture." 
Iris balled her fists, her whole body was trembling. She fought back tears that threatened to come out. It was not sure what she felt right now. Was it desperation, anger, sadness or was it hopeless... 
These emotions worn her down and she couldn’t help, but being snarky. 
"Maybe if you are not being so selfish and shared all the information about Decratic, we can prevent this thing from happening, we can do something to prevent him to gain more power!" Iris spoke through her gritted teeth. Her voice was very sharp and cold, as she glared at Abby, which made her averted her eyes from the luna. 
"I know you are angry, but this is out of my power to help. I have done everything I could..." Abby said in weak voice. Her bitterness came flooding in her mind. 
"Maybe you have not yet done enough!" Iris roared. 
"Luna Iris! Watch what you are saying to the Serafim!" Liam reprimanded her harshly. He moved toward Iris, but he shouldn’t have forgotten the alpha was still there, so did the beta. 
"Back off, knight!" Cane growled at him. 
"Move away from him!" Iris didn’t heed the altercation that might happen between Cane and Liam, since she knew there was no way Liam would be able to hurt her mate. Her focus was on Ethan. 
Abby immediately stood up and then went to stand beside Liam, she held his hand to calm him down because she didn’t want to make the situation became even more complicated than it already was. 
Iris took Abby’s position and then held Ethan’s hand. She held it very tightly. Her body was still shaking and her mind was a little bit foggy. She couldn’t calm herself down, thus the light that came from her scattered, it disarrayed. 
It took Iris the third attempt to focus her power on Ethan because of how anxious she was. 
Please... 
Iris prayed silently. 
Do not let anything happen to him... 
Iris remembered how Ethan always teased her and how he was there and how he treated her well. She remembered his small talk about the weather.
Please... 
Don’t let anything happen to him... 
Iris prayed silently and felt the pain on her thigh returned and she flinched a little before it disappeared again.
###Chapter 801: THE LIGHT TO THE SKY
Chapter 801: THE LIGHT TO THE SKY
The light that came from her was brighter than the one the Serafim had. It illuminated the entire tent, as if there were hundred of luminous pearls inside. 
From the outside, people stopped with whatever they were doing and watched the ten was shining under the first light of the sun, it was a breathtaking sight to see, very beautiful. 
They wondered what happened, but then some of the warriors said the Serafim was inside, thus for the people, who didn’t know, they assumed the light came from the Serafim. 
She must have done something and knowing the gamma was sick, it was not something that was questionable, especially when Grace came inside to with Jace. 
The knights and warriors were trying to take a look inside the tent, but the bright light prevented them to see what was going on when Grace and Jace flipped the curtain and they lost their chance to peek once the entrance was already closed again. 
The moment Grace saw the bright light from inside the tent, she knew it must be the luna, not the Serafim. Because after all this time she worked together with her to heal the sick warriors and knights, she realized the Serafim was not that strong. The rumor was true to say she was the weakest Serafim in history. 
Meanwhile, Lou stared from the distance, he just had another dispute with Zale the moment they saw each other, but their bickering died down when they saw the light from the tent. Both of them was flabbergasted. 
"I bet all of my money, that must be the luna," Zale said proudly. 
"You don’t have a single penny brat," Lou brought him back to the reality, reminded Zale that he was poor. "Shut up!" he hushed him when the boy was about to talk back to him. 
With that, the two of them watched the light like the rest of the people around the campsite. They stopped whatever they were doing and watched how the light reached the sky and it got brighter and brighter. 
The sun was just appeared, but it felt like they were in the middle of summer afternoon. 
Not only the people in Cane’s campsite, the light could be seen in the Silver River pack too. Alpha Derick and the rest of the warriors there wondered what was that. 
"Find out what happened in the alpha Cane’s campsite!" Alpha Derick gave an order. He stared at Cezi. He became restless when he found out his son was being infected too. 
This was not right, if something happened to him... 
"You take rest. I will write to prince Kellan about the situation here." 
"Do you want to rely on him again? How do you think he can help us?" What Cane said about Kellan bothered him so much and the more he thought about it, the more he found it was disgusting for someone around his age to see a sixteen years old girl was attractive, no matter how mature the way she was thinking. 
Not to mention, he knew Arella. She was his sister after all. The worse thing he could say about his sister was; she was kind, but obviously she was not the sharpest. She was a child! 
The fact prince Kellan kept three little children by his side didn’t make sense too. Why he needed children when they were in the middle of the battle? He supposed to send them away if he really cared about them. 
"That person, who healed his legs must know how to heal this disease," alpha Derick said. It did make sense, even if it didn’t, he wouldn’t sit idly and watch his firstborn met his demise. 
Meanwhile, the light lasted for an hour and when it gradually disappeared, the sun was already up in the clear sky. 
For other people, they would be amazed by whatever Serafim had done inside the tent, whether she managed to heal the gamma or not, it showcased the power she held. 
However, for the people inside the tent and a handful out there, they knew it was actually Iris. 
The luna had this stubborn look on her face when she stared at the burning scar on Ethan’s chest. It was still there. If anything, it seemed a little bit bigger now. Whatever she was doing earlier didn’t affect it. 
Yet, Iris refused to give up and call it a day. 
"Grace!" Iris called for the healer. "Explain to me what do you know about this disease!" 
Grace was startled when Iris called her with stern voice. The healer had never seen the luna had this expression before. 
"This..." Grace came closer and started to explain about the disease in more detail to her. 
The disease started with the lowborn in the Silver River pack, the weird thing was; those highborn were not affected at all by this disease. 
"So, it must be something about those lowborn ate?" Iris drew conclusion. There were a lot of things that made it different from the lowborn and highborn, but the crucial one was; the food. 
When Iris mentioned it, all of them had this look on their faces. 
"I want to see the food storage and the poison the Silver Warrior had used to poison the warriors and knights!" Iris immediately stood up and rushed out of the tent, she staggered a little bit, but Cane caught her arm to steady her. After that, she went out with Grace and Abby. Liam followed behind them. 
She lost a lot of power back then when she tried to heal Ethan with no avail, but there was no way she would say this was all she could do... 
"Jace, go with her," Cane ordered his beta to go with his mate. He was not going to stop his mate. He believed Iris knew what she was doing. 
Meanwhile, the alpha didn’t follow them to the food storage, instead he looked for Zale. Some people might have forgotten that this young boy came from Silver River pack.
###Chapter 802: A BUNCH OF IMBECILE PEOPLE
Chapter 802: A BUNCH OF IMBECILE PEOPLE
Iris went to the food storage with Grace and Abby, while Liam and Jace were standing on guard, since they didn’t know what to look for here. This was beyond their comprehension, thus they stood watching from the sideline. 
Grace kept aside the food and water that had been poisoned and then let Iris to check on it, while she explained what she knew. She didn’t leave out any detail, while Abby chimed in here and there, giving her point of view from the approach of magic side. 
In the beginning, thus who was poisoned would have a high fever and ached joints, for the shifter, some of them would have a hard time to shift into their beast, even when they could, the process would be painful, while for the knights, most of them would be bedridden, they were in so much pain to be able to move. 
Ethan happened to get food poisoned as well, but only yesterday he actually collapsed and fell unconscious and this morning, Aliana found the burning scar on his left chest. 
Aliana came with the alpha when they went to the Silver River pack, so she knew how Grebis disease looked like. Not to mention they were so close to the pack. 
Based on their knowledge, this disease only spread among the lowborn in the Silver River pack, it had never been found out of the pack, even when they were there, none of their member was being infected. Thus, what was different now? 
"We don’t know the reason how the disease can be existed in the first place..." Grace ended her explanation, while Iris stared at the water and the food without saying anything. 
After that silence stretched out for another ten minutes, until Abby voiced out her opinion. 
"If this is a disease, the divine power can’t do much..." Abby said carefully. 
Iris brushed off what she was saying, as she stated. "The first Serafim can cure a disease." 
"Yes, but the information about that is a little bit mazy..." 
"I know she can," Iris cut her off. 
Abby wanted to speak again, but then she remembered the first Serafim’s life essence inside of Iris’s body and she swallowed back her words, instead she tried to be supportive. "In that case, do you know how to cure the disease?" 
"I only saw she used the lights the way I did," Iris replied. She tried to use the same method, but it was proven didn’t work. There must be something else. What she missed? "Can’t you remember about another information regarding this matter?" 
Abby furrowed her brows. 
"Serafim," Liam called her, but it was obvious it was a reminder for Abby not to disclose more than necessary and this pissed Iris off. 
She hated it when someone hurt the people that close to her. 
"If you can’t help with anything, you better scram from here!" Iris shouted at Liam, which startled Jace and the rest of them. Her little face filled with rage. "Do you think it is important to keep information at time like this?! Do you really think the disease will only inflict Ethan? All of you will die too if we don’t solve this problem, but what are you trying to do? Keeping the secret and not helping at all?!" 
Abby glared at Liam because he made the situation became even more complicated, despite her warning not to interfere. Abby agreed with Iris, but she knew Liam meant well. He only tried protecting her. 
"Liam, please leave," Abby said, she tried to deescalate the situation. 
"I want you to leave too." Iris directed her eyes at Abby. Her concern toward Ethan had clouded her mind and she didn’t want to be around these people. "Talk to me if you have something important to give, aside from that, you can keep your secret to the ground. You and your people from the Holy Kingdom is a bunch of imbeciles!" 
Iris vented out her frustration, she wanted to scream and curse, she hated them all for not taking this matter seriously. 
Iris would give her heart and her everything to heal Ethan, but what they were doing? Keeping information? What for? 
If Liam had a spirit wolf, Iris would have squeezed it, until he could feel her pain. Fortunately for the knight, he didn’t have it. 
Liam wanted to argue, but Abby shut him down and dragged him out of the food storage. "I will let you know if I remembered something important." 
Abby knew Iris had every right to be upset with her and her people, but she couldn’t help this bitterness in her heart and jealousy. Why would the first Serafim choose Iris to have her life essence when she only became a miserable Serafim that worth nothing? 
"Luna..." Grace wanted to appease Iris, but she didn’t want to be bothered. 
"Please, leave, Grace. I want to be alone for a while." Iris shook her head, her eyes still fixed on the water and the food on the table. 
Jace gestured for the healer to follow him out of there, leaving Iris alone. She tried to crack this problem. Na had done this in the past. She could do it, but why she couldn’t? 
Iris tried to find something important in Na’s memories, but it was so hard, it felt like the memories slipped away from between her fingers. It felt like a long dream that she almost forgot. 
On the other hand, Cane found Zale, who was still bickering with Lou. 
"Where is Iris?" That was the first question that came out of his lips when he saw Cane was alone. He had been wanting to meet with her, but she slept the whole day and night yesterday and he didn’t want to disturb her after such a long journey. 
"She is in the food storage," Cane replied and Lou didn’t say anything anymore, as he dashed toward the food storage. 
"Why don’t you stop him, alpha?" Zale protested. "He is going to see the luna!"
###Chapter 803: FIRE FOOT AND BLACK BLOOD
Chapter 803: FIRE FOOT AND BLACK BLOOD
"Do you know about Grebis disease?" Cane asked Zale, he dismissed his concern about Lou was going to see Iris. 
There were only two things that might happen if Lou met with Iris. He could help her to find a way to solve the problem, since he had the knowledge about magic, which Cane didn’t have, or the merchant could annoy her and he would taste his mate’s wrath. 
Cane was fine with either. 
"I know," Zale said, he pursed his lips. "That disease is only for poor people. We call it ugly death, because the dead body will look very ugly because of the burning scars," Zale told Cane about what he knew and his experience with the disease. He saw three of his friends got the disease and they passed out within two days. 
"What else?" Cane asked for more detail. 
"What happened?" Zale furrowed his brows. "You guys will not be infected by the disease, why do you want to know?" 
There were not many people had learned about Ethan got inflicted by Grebis. They only knew the gamma only got food poisoning. 
"My gamma gets the disease," Cane replied in a matter of fact tone. 
Zale widened his eyes in shock. He remembered how bad it was. He was there when three of his friends passed away because of the disease. It made his bad memories resurfaced again. "But... but, he is not poor." 
Just like what he said earlier, only poor people could be infected by the disease. 
"Grace had confirmed that. Tell me more about it," Cane said firmly. 
With that, Zale racked his brain to let the alpha knew every single detail of it. He didn’t leave any information untold. Even the trivial thing such as the three of his friend habit and what they usually ate to survive. He even told him about how they looked like. 
There was a tinge of sadness in Zale voice when he had to recall their last moment. 
Food. 
It started with food. 
One thing that was very significant and critical between the poor people in the Silver River pack was food that they consumed. 
"Because it’s hard to have meat, we used to eat Fire Foot." Zale then described the plant was akin to a small bamboo that tasted rather good and you could find it easily around the Silver River pack. "You can use it to make rag. It’s very cheap and we can make it on our own. People like me used it as clothes too." 
"Fire Foot?" Cane narrowed his eyes. He didn’t dig too deep about this disease in the past, because when he learned there was no cure for it, he didn’t think much and move on to his next plan. 
"I can show you if you want, I know this area," Zale said. 
"Show me." 
Zale’s eyes lit up, he practically bounced when he told the alpha to follow him. The two of them shifted into their beasts and went out of the campsite. 
The little beast led the way, while the big one followed behind. It made all of the warriors and knights furrowed their brows, thinking what their alpha was doing with this little beast. 
At the same time, Lou entered the food storage and found Iris was in the same position when he asked Grace and Jace to leave her alone, she was still staring at the food and the water on the table. 
"You don’t think to try it, right?" Lou approached her, but Iris didn’t seem to surprise with his presence. 
"Lou." 
"Yes?" Lou answered quickly. 
"I read about black magic," Iris said. She remembered she bought a book about black magic when they were in Diandem pack. 
"What black magic you are talking about?" Lou was intrigued. It was a rare occasion to have a conversation alone with Iris, thus he enjoyed this time, before the alpha interrupted this moment. But, he wondered why Cane didn’t stop him, neither he made an appearance now. 
"Black magic is not something that could inflict a person or a creature, but it can also inflict plant," Iris said. "I read about Black Blood, it’s a plan that’s raised with black magic." 
"If this is a black magic, you must be able to sense it, right?" Lou rubbed his chin. He loved this conversation immensely, as he had the liberty to stare at her serious little face. 
"I didn’t know how to explain it." Iris furrowed her brows. "I didn’t feel the black magic within the black rain that happened recently, but I had that vicious feeling whenever it started raining. It’s so different from the black magic, but it’s something that made me restless." Iris was sure the black rain didn’t contain with black magic, but it didn’t mean it was something good either. 
"And what the connection with Ethan, food poisoning and that black magic?" Lou had learned about Ethan’s condition from Grace, thus he knew what Iris was trying to figure out here. 
"I didn’t sense the black magic within Ethan, but I did feel that vicious feeling." 
"Do you want to say Ethan has consumed something that related to this plant named Black Blood?" Lou raised his brows. "What about the other, who got food poisoning? Why the disease only infected him? I know that he is not that handsome and maybe the disease only wanted ugly people, but it still didn’t make sense." 
Iris glared at Lou for his joke and the merchant grinned. 
"Sorry, only try to lighten up the mood." 
"Can you ask Aliana whether she knew what Ethan consumed before he fell sick or the burning scar appeared?" Iris gave an order to Lou without her noticing it. 
"Right away!" Lou said, he didn’t even realize that he just accepted the order. It almost like when Cane ordered him something and he did it immediately out of instinct. 
Lou went out and returned half an hour later with the report from what Aliana told him.
###Chapter 804: SOMETHING WAS WRONG WITH THE WOLF SPIRIT
Chapter 804: SOMETHING WAS WRONG WITH THE WOLF SPIRIT
While Lou was away to ask Aliana, Iris thought about the whole thing and tried to use her power on the poisonous food and water. Still, she couldn’t feel the black magic, only this a faint vicious feeling. 
The poison must be related to the black rain somehow, but she couldn’t put her finger on it. It was still confusing for her about how this magical power worked, since Haco’s health had been deteriorating rapidly and she didn’t get enough knowledge about it. 
Iris still had not yet learned about what actually happened to her old friend. 
Therefore, having Lou by her side and for him to answer her question was way more helpful than having a conversation with the Serafim. 
At this point, her respect for them had hit the rock bottom. 
Half an hour later, Lou returned. He told Iris about what Ethan had consumed as far as she knew. "He ate like usual, even after being poisoned, he was still eating normally, despite the pain, but he indeed had a hard time to shift into his beast." 
"So, it is his beast that’s injured?" Iris narrowed her eyes. She didn’t check on this before. 
After that, Iris asked about a few things related to magic and Lou answered all of her question to the best of his knowledge, which satisfied her. 
"Come with me, Lou," Iris said. 
"Okay." Lou didn’t even ask where they would go. He readily followed her. 
Iris then went to see Ethan again and Aliana was still there. She was holding his hand and had this empty look in her eyes when she answered Iris’s question. 
Once again, Iris checked on Ethan and figured out it was indeed his wolf spirit that was affected. She didn’t realize it at the beginning, because it was hard to notice if you didn’t pay close attention to it. 
His wolf spirit curled around Ethan’s feet and it shed its fur... Iris didn’t know how to describe it, but that was the closest thing that she could think of when she saw the wolf spirit slightly faded away, as if its fur was fluttered by the wind. 
After that, Iris went out and met with Grace and Jace, who kept following her even though they didn’t say anything and let her did what she needed to do. 
"Take me to the other warriors that got food poisoning," Iris said to Grace and the healer led the way to the tent next to Jace’s tent, where they put all the sick warriors and knights there. 
First, Iris checked on the warriors and just like what she thought, their wolf spirit was the same state like Ethan, but she couldn’t tell the same with the knights. 
With that new information, Iris went into a deep thought, she was sitting beside the makeshift bed of one of the warriors, which made the poor warrior became awkward, he kept glancing at the beta, but Jace simply gestured to him to be quiet. 
Having the luna to check on him was already a great deal for him, but now the luna didn’t move, he stared at him, but she didn’t actually look at him. 
Meanwhile, the other sick warriors paid close attention to their luna. They were surprised to see her here, but knowing Iris healed Joel’s legs before, they had high hope their luna could make some miracle for them too, since the Serafim and Grace didn’t really help. 
Iris ended up staying like that for three hours and no one dared to interrupt her thought, her face looked very serious, they didn’t even dare to talk a little bit loud. 
At the same time, Cane went to the cliff where he met with Cezi before, this was the area, where Zale used to collect the plant named Fire Foot with his sister. 
"There is the plant!" Zale shifted into his human form, but then he frowned. "Wait! Why the plant is like this?" He blinked his eyes incredulously. 
Cane shifted into his human form too and approached him. He had never seen Fire Foot before, neither he had ever heard about this plant. Because of the disease in the Silver River pack, there was not many information about the pack out there. 
You could say the previous alpha isolated his own pack, because he didn’t want other people looked down on his territory because of the disease. 
Iris had mentioned it before when she asked why there was not enough information about the pack and the one information she read on the book was not really accurate. 
"What do you mean it’s not like this?" Cane stared at a tree before his eyes. 
The three was big enough with a firm root and red color of leaves that fluttered by the wind. These trees scattered around the cliff. Cane didn’t see it when he was here with Cezi because he took different route. 
"The Fire Foot plant is not as big as this." Zale came closer to the tree, but Cane pulled him back. "I am sure this is the place, there is no way the plants changed within a few months." 
Cane narrowed his eyes and upon closer look, he could tell there was something not right with the trees. There was something weird with its leaves, where it would be wilted once the leaves were fluttered by the wind and fell. 
Once the leaves fell from the tree it would fade, like ashes and let the wind carried the particles of it.
"Fire Foot usually not grow so big like this. The higher plant is not taller than me," Zale said. "More so..." 
"Be quiet," Cane said, he squeezed his shoulder to make him stopped talking and then turned around. "Shift into your beast and run as fast as you can to the campsite, don’t look back." 
"Why?" Zale asked, but then he caught another scent in the air. They were being surrounded. 
"Silver Warriors," Cane gritted out the name darkly.
###Chapter 805: I THINK I GET IT
Chapter 805: I THINK I GET IT
As if on cue, there were five beasts emerged from behind the rocks. They must have been here since the beginning and noticed there was someone else entered the area. 
"Once I told you to shift, run and don’t look back," Cane said when Zale was about to protest, but the young boy immediately realized that was the best plan for them right now and nodded. 
"I... I will bring a lot of people, I will bring reinforcement for you, alpha," he said with determination. "D- don’t die."
Cane said nothing and when the five beasts were about to attack him, he told Zale to shift and the young boy dashed away toward the campsite without looking back, just like what the alpha told him to do. 
The only thing that he heard was vicious growled and the sickening sound of flesh was being torn. The little wolf tried to move faster and faster. He didn’t care when the sharp edges of the rocks around him cut his flesh, as he tried to reach the campsite as soon as possible. 
He prayed there was nothing bad would happen to the alpha and the first thing he did when he reached the campsite was asking for help. 
It was Joel and Pax, the first people Zale saw. 
================================= 
After such a long silence, Iris reached out her hand and grabbed the warrior’s hand again, which made him a little bit flustered to be touched by the luna. 
This warrior was only having food poisoning, not Grebis disease. They would be fine after some rest and concoction from Grace, though it would take time for him to really recover. 
However, what Iris did next, left them all speechless. 
This time, Iris didn’t try to heal the warrior, she simply gave him her a bit of her divine power, but his body rejected it, as if there was something that rejected her power and this made his wolf spirit became restless. 
Iris watched how the wolf spirit fidgeted and then narrowed her eyes at the way it responded to her divine power. The wolf spirit kept shaking its head, as if there was an invisible leash that tied around its neck and this made Iris pushed her divine power even more. 
"Arrghh!" The warrior growled, as he felt the pain and Iris stopped what she was doing, still staring at the wolf spirit. 
"Luna, what happened?" Grace asked carefully, she went to check on the warrior too, but was surprised to realize there was no more trace of poison in his system. 
"This..." Grace was flabbergasted. 
"What happened?" Jace immediately came closer to the healer and asked with concern in his voice. "Something happened?" 
"I can’t sense any poison anymore from his system," Grace replied. "His body is started to heal." Because of the poison, his healing power worked very slow, but now it could be said the warrior would be fine by tomorrow. It was only the exhaustion that was left. He would be fine eventually. 
On the other hand, Lou was surprised too when he heard that, he stared at Iris, who murmured something to herself. 
She didn’t care about her surroundings, who looked at her with amazement. 
"How can you do that?" Lou knelt down in front of her, eager to learn what she had been thinking and how she could do it when Grace and the Serafim couldn’t. Well, to be honest, Lou didn’t have a high hope for that Serafim. She was akin to a mere magic user with a fancy title. 
"I think I get it..." Iris muttered to herself. 
Iris didn’t explain herself, instead, she stood up and then looked around her. The tent was big enough to accommodate around two hundred people and these people were the people, who had it worse than the other. 
There were shifters and knights too. 
Iris looked around one more time and started to heal them one by one, as she held their hand and they felt the same pain like the first warrior felt, but then when Grace checked on him, they were fine, the poison had gone. 
All of them were surprised, but also elated, especially the warriors, they had this proud look on their faces with the fact it was their luna, who had healed them, not the Serafim. 
The knights didn’t make it obvious, but there was this subtle comment here and there that the Holy Kingdom had done more than the shifters because of the Serafim. Since, there was no one could deal with the black magic, but their Serafim. 
However, with Iris healed them all, the warriors could brag about this and shut those knights up to keep talking about their Serafim, since she couldn’t heal the poison like their luna did. 
During the whole process, a warrior entered the tent and informed Jace about what happened. 
"Pax and Dean have led twenty warriors to help the alpha," Eron said. He glanced at the luna. "Should we tell her about this?" 
Jace contemplated for a while, but it was Lou, who answered that. 
"Nah, don’t disturb her." Lou glanced at Eron. "Do you really think your alpha will die because he is being surrounded by five beasts?" Lou had witnessed how Cane killed two Brinetallon within a few seconds almost at the same time, a mere five beasts were only a fly for him. 
Jace and Eron understood what Lou implied, they knew about the lycan and decided not to tell Iris, because it would only make her worried. 
"After all, I guessed, he sent the boy away because he wanted to kill all of the attacker without interruption. The boy will only get in the way after all, he will not help with anything, so Cane chased him away." 
And it seemed, Lou understood Cane a little better, because that was what happened. 
Because the moment the reinforcement arrived, they witnessed at least, a dozen dead bodies littered on the ground, while the alpha didn’t seem to be bothered by it.
###Chapter 806: THAT WAS HOW THE FIRST SERAFIM DID IT
Chapter 806: THAT WAS HOW THE FIRST SERAFIM DID IT
"That one is still alive, I want you to question him to find out where the rest of the Silver Warrior," Cane said, pointing out at the one man, who looked younger than the rest, he must be at the same age like Joel. 
Not too far, Zale was dumbstruck to see so many dead people on the ground, he was amazed of how strong the alpha was. 
He knew all the alphas were strong, but the previous alpha of the Silver River pack knew nothing, but indulged himself with women and alcohol, if there was something in him that was strong, it must be his loud voice when he gave an order or his strong tendency to be very violent. 
However, seeing alpha Cane... it was different. Zale hated to admit it, but he looked up to this alpha.
The interrogation lasted for three hours before the young Silver Warrior agreed to bring them to the other warrior. He looked terrified, though the torture that Dean and Pax gave to him was pretty ’mild’ for their standard. 
Yet, this warrior was pretty stubborn enough to hold out for three hours. 
Once they got the information, the sun had set and their surroundings started to be dark, some warriors returned with torches and luminous pearls to illuminate this place. 
"Alpha, there is news from the luna." Joel approached Cane. He just rushed here to inform this to the alpha once he confirmed the news. "The luna managed to heal the warriors and the knights." 
A small smile rose on his lips. He stared at the distance, as if he could see his mate by doing so. "I know she can." He had never doubted her the moment he saw the determination in her eyes. 
Cane knew how close his mate and his gamma, there was no way she would give up on him without trying her best to find a way to cure him. She could cure Joel’s legs, something that Grace thought was impossible, when she just learned about her power, even more now when she already had a good grasp of her power. 
"The luna is very awesome, alpha," Joel said, he couldn’t help himself not to praise the luna. "All of the warriors are talking about her and we can brag about it to the knights!" Joel looked very ecstatic with this. 
Despite for them fighting alongside each other in the battleground, there was this small altercation here and there between the shifters and the knights, after all the two creatures were clashed with each other. There was cultural barrier between them and their point of view for each other was not really good as well. 
That was why king Aeon was very irked to know there was a black magic in his kingdom, because it was a way for the Holy Kingdom people to get involved in his court. 
"Tell her not to skip her meal and let someone tasted it first," Cane said and with that, he brought the warriors to get to the Silver Warrior’s base. Cane had hunted them down ever since the food poisoning incident, but it was hard to capture them. 
Who would have thought they would show themselves, thinking it was the right moment to attack him when he was away from the campsite and was outnumbered. 
"Yes, alpha," Joel said. He watched Cane and the other warriors shifted into their beasts and went deeper into the cliff. This place was like a maze. "Where are you going?" 
Joel caught Zale’s cloak and dragged him back toward the campsite. Needless to say, the young boy wanted to follow the alpha to fight the bad wolves. 
"Let me go, I want to go!" Zale struggled against Joel, but the latter didn’t want to let him go and keep his grip tightly around his cloak, while taking him back to the campsite. 
"You are coming with me," Joel said. 
"I want to fight too!" 
"That will be a suicidal for you to go with them," Joel said. He knew the gravity of the situation, it would be dangerous even for him, since he was lack of experience, as he was still very young, let alone Zale. The alpha didn’t say it, but he would have brought Zale with him if he wanted to. 
"Let me go! I want to go and fight!" Zale protested, but no matter how hard he tried to escape Joel, he couldn’t, even when he shifted into his beast and tried to trick him, it didn’t work. 
Once they were in the campsite, Joel immediately went to see his luna, but Jace told him the luna was still inside Ethan’s tent and he supposed not to disturb her. 
"But the alpha said for the luna not to skip her meal," Zale said first before Joel could relay the message. He was still pissed, because he was not allowed to follow the alpha and watch the real fight between the beasts! "He also said to taste the food first before the luna could eat it." 
Joel raised his brows, he was not really happy because the message supposed to be delivered by him to the luna. 
"I will make sure she will not skip her meal," Jace said. This was close to dinner, so it seemed, he should prepare it for her, since Aliana didn’t move from her place since this morning. His sister barely ate and drank. "But for now, you can’t bother the luna." 
With that, Jace could get the two of them away, while inside the tent, Iris was still racking her brain of how to heal Ethan. She had tried the same method, but it didn’t work. The poison had disappeared, but the disease was still there. 
However, something suddenly clicked in Iris’s mind. She had this moment of revelation when she realized she really had overlooked something really important! 
That was why the Serafim could do it. That was how the first Serafim did it. Haco had mentioned about it before...
###Chapter 807: DANGEROUS METHOD OF THE SERAFIM
Chapter 807: DANGEROUS METHOD OF THE SERAFIM
How she could forget about it when this was the topic that came pretty often whenever she talked with Haco and was still a question that had not yet been answered. 
But now, everything seemed clicked in Iris’s mind. 
However, before she could prove her theory, Abby had entered the tent. By this time, there were only Iris and Aliana by Ethan’s side. The tent was very quiet, since neither of them talked and Iris was too deep into her own thought. 
"Can I have a moment with you?" Abby asked Iris in soft voice. She looked conflicted. It seemed whatever she was going to say would give her a great consequence. 
Iris lifted her head, she was a little bit annoyed because she was being interrupted, but then she stood up and went out of the tent to talk with Abby. 
"You don’t need to follow us, Liam," Abby said when Liam was about to follow them. Zephyr was there too, because Jace was away, but Iris gestured for him to stay in his place. 
"Serafim, please think twice about what you are going to say," Liam looked very concern, as he knew what Abby was going to divulge and there was no going back from that. Once the elders in the Holy Kingdom learned about this, Abby would be miserable, since she was about to tell the outsider, yet, another secret. 
"Stay away from this, Liam," Abby said bitterly. "I know what I am doing." 
Having no other choice, Liam could only grit his teeth and held himself back, he watched as the Serafim, the woman he loved, walked away with the luna. He watched how she put herself in a great trouble, but he was unable to do anything to stop her. He hated how cruel and unfair the world was to this woman. 
Iris glanced at Liam, she could see the desperation in his eyes and was clueless what Abby would face once she divulged this information and if the word got to the elder in the Holy Kingdom, but right now there was nothing more important in her eyes than to get Ethan back. 
The burning scar had almost reached his heart and once it appeared around his respiratory tract, it would too late for them to do anything. 
"What do you want to say?" Iris asked impatiently. If this was about how to save Ethan, she was willing to listen, but if it was about something else, she didn’t have time for that. What she got earlier was only a theory. Iris was still unsure whether it was right or not, or if she could execute it correctly. There were a lot of uncertain things, but the time was limited. 
They were standing a little bit away from the tent, there were many people around them, but they were far enough not to listen to their conversation. 
"There is a way to save him," Abby started. 
Iris crossed her arms. Despite her had healed close to two hundred people, she didn’t look lethargic, the determination still shone brightly in her eyes. She was very cold and scarce with her words during the whole debacle. She had this unwavering focus to save Ethan. 
"So, there is a way?" Iris remarked. Reminding Abby that she just gave up on the first attempt and didn’t even try to think of another way of how to save the gamma. 
Abby flustered when she heard that, but she tried to be the bigger person here and continued what she was going to say. Thankfully, Iris was not petty enough to bring up the topic again. 
"This is a forbidden method for a Serafim," Abby started her explanation. This information was only being passed down by the previous Serafim to the next, also to the five Holy Knights that protected them, so they would have a better understanding of what the Serafim could do or not to do, that was why Liam was strongly against it. "The Serafim shouldn’t have done this, if it is not necessary." 
"What do you want to say actually?" Iris didn’t hold back to show her impatient, because Abby would talk in circle like usual if she let her. 
Cane’s personality must have rubbed on her, since the alpha didn’t have enough patient to have this kind of conversation. 
Abby took a deep breath, she felt the weight on her shoulder when she started talking again. "Purification is the first instinct of the Serafim, you can learn it easier, because it is like an instinct for the Serafim." 
The thought of how Iris could purify black magic by only touched it and she didn’t even learn and had no one to guide her of how to do it, put a bitter taste in Abby’s mouth, as she remembered the harsh lesson sha had to go through to be able to reach that state. 
But, she pushed it back down and continued. 
"But, the absorption is different story. This is the power that you can’t touch recklessly." Abby furrowed her brows. 
Meanwhile, Iris’s heart skipped a beat when she heard about the purification and absorption. This was the exact topic that Iris and Haco talked about. They still not yet decided whether Iris purified the black magic or she absorbed it, but after some time, Haco seemed convinced that she used the former. 
But what became the main question was; the fact the first Serafim absorbed the black magic. The information that Haco had was not whole and Iris was only reminded about this topic again when she was thinking of a way to save Ethan. 
If Abby was going to talk about this, the information from her would be more accurate and Iris could understand more about the power that Serafim held. 
"What about this absorption?" Iris asked, her voice was calm, but she felt like she wanted to shake Abby’s body so she could spill her everything without stopping to think every few seconds. 
"This method is dangerous..."
###Chapter 808: PURITY AND FORGIVENESS
Chapter 808: PURITY AND FORGIVENESS
Purification of black magic, basically only touched the surface of it. It almost like you wiped something dirty to clean it. 
Since there were hundred, if not thousand of variation of black magic, same like magic in general, the dept of the darkness and the fatality of the black magic was also different. 
Curse and offensive black magic could be purified. That was what happened to baby Vemion and Iris’s babies when she gave birth to them, of course, Abby didn’t talk about her babies, since it would open another can of worms, but she gave Iris an example of baby Vemion. 
The purification also had different level and it was clear to see Iris had a powerful purification when Abby couldn’t cure Vemion’s curse, but Iris could do it. Another example was when Iris purified her baby from the black magic when Abby supposed to have her cleaned from it. 
It happened because Abby’s purification was too weak, thus Iris’s power took over and got rid of the curse, cleansed it more thoroughly. 
"Because of the first Serafim’s life essence in you, you have a strong purification power, but absorption is different story entirely," Abby said in the end of her elaboration about the purification. 
Iris understood that, after all, she had a long talk about it with Haco, but when Abby confirmed it, it solidified Iris and Haco’s assumption. Even without sufficient knowledge, their logic was enough to bring them so close to the truth. 
"The Serafim should be the embodiment of something pure, you need to have a pure heart and mind without any traces of darkness." Abby gritted her teeth when she said that. "It’s hard to keep up with that, but with enough training you will be able to reach that state..." her voice sounded very weak when she said her last sentence. 
Absorption could be used when the black magic was too strong, the purification didn’t work. In this case, it was what happened with Ethan. Even Iris’s purification didn’t work on him and she couldn’t even sense the black magic in it. 
That was why Iris couldn’t sense the black magic, not because there was none, but because it was too dark it only gave her this anxiety. The vicious feeling that she felt. The black rain... 
"What happened with the absorption? What will happen if the Serafim absorbed the black magic?" Iris’s eyes hardened when she asked that. 
"It will taint the Serafim," Abby said in a matter of fact tone. 
"What happened then?" 
"If the Serafim is the embodiment of light and purity, then Decratic was the opposite. He is the embodiment of something dark, vicious and the root of black magic. If the Serafim was tainted, it will ruin the balance between the light and the darkness." Abby paused for a while before she continued again. "If you can’t handle the darkness and let it affected you, you will only make Decratic stronger, because the scale will tip on Decratic’s favor." 
It was not only about absorbing the black magic, but how you handle the darkness within you, since the black magic would clash with the divine power the Serafim had. 
Iris understood that. 
That was why Decratic killed Lu in such way that would leave Na hated the people that she supposed to protect. Decratic used the people to kill the person she loved the most. What kind of strength that Na had to possess to forgive those people, even though she knew Decratic was behind it all. 
How could you forgive the people that hurt your loved one? 
It was easy to say that they were innocent and to put the blame on Decratic, but how could you face them when all you could see was their action of hurting the only person that you wanted the most? 
Even more, Na had to show her compassion and forgive them all completely to be able to keep the purity in her heart. 
Iris didn’t think she could let go, accept and forgive someone completely when she knew they had hurt the people she loved, if someone killed Cane... 
Iris’s heart filled with rage even with the thought of it. 
How could Na forgive the people that killed Lu and even protected them from Decratic when she knew that exact people were the one, who had burned her man brutally? 
With this, Iris could see why the people in the Howling Wolf pack was having a hard time to forgive her because she was the reminder of her father. The exact person, who had killed their loved one the most vicious way possible. The ten years of slavery and torture couldn’t be washed away so easily... 
Sometime, there was scar too deep and too rotten that even time and forgiveness couldn’t heal it. 
"The black magic that you absorbed will give a negative impact in you. It will bring back the feeling where you were at your lowest and if you couldn’t handle that, you would be consumed by it and your misery and anger would be a strength for Decratic. Your agony will feed Decratic’s power." 
That was why, it was a very dangerous method for Serafim. You couldn’t recklessly absorb black magic that was so dark even the purification couldn’t reach it. 
"This information is very confidential, Iris. I risked everything to let you know about this." Abby saw the complicated look in Iris’s eyes. 
The lowest point in her life? What was that? Was that when Mason whipped her? The Howling Wolf pack’s rejection? The first meeting between her and Cane? Was that... Kellan? 
However, before Iris could think of it, Aliana’s voice could be heard from inside the tent, she was screaming hysterically, which made Jace and Zephyr immediately went inside, thinking something bad might happen to Ethan. 
Iris and Abby immediately rushed into the tent as well and watched how the burn scar had reached his respiratory tract. 
Ethan’s body was convulsing because he couldn’t breathe and Aliana was crying so hard.
###Chapter 809: DARK MAGIC AND ALL
Chapter 809: DARK MAGIC AND ALL
The sight of Ethan set off alarm in Iris’s head, she felt the world shattered as she couldn’t think straight. She looked around to see a glimpse of Cane, since he knew what to do and his presence could calm her down, but he was not here. 
Aliana finally broke down crying, she kept calling Ethan’s name, as the fear overwhelmed her. This was the first time for a very long time for Jace to witness how his sister was having a mental breakdown, since she lost her baby and her mate. 
Aliana was inconsolable and Jace tried to get her out of the tent, but she insisted to stay. She didn’t want to be away from Ethan, as she kept holding his hand, talking incoherently. 
Abby immediately went to Ethan’s side and she had this look on her face, where she had a hard time to decide what she needed to do. She knew what she had to do, but... 
"Don’t do it..." Liam held her hand. He shook his head, pleading with her to stop whatever she was going to do. He couldn’t let her to harm herself like that. 
He didn’t care about everyone else. In his eyes, Abby had endured so much. She had suffered enough, there was no need for her to go through this and relived the hardest moment in her life. 
"There is no need for you to do it," Liam begged her. "He is not one of us..." he finally said it. The shifters and everyone else could curse him whatever they liked, but in his eyes, only this woman was important. 
He should have told Cedric and the other three knights about Abby’s decision, he didn’t do it because Abby begged him not to. She promised him that she wouldn’t be reckless and think about this decision thoroughly. 
However, at time like this, there was only one option that they had. 
Abby freed herself from Liam’s grip, as she went to Ethan’s side. She had done it once when she learned about the absorption from the previous Serafim, she hoped, she still remembered her lesson well and didn’t mess this up. 
With that, Abby started to absorb the powerful black magic from the gamma’s body... 
=========================== 
The burning scar on Cezi’s shoulder spread to his chest and he looked a little bit gaunt when he finally fell to his knees, because he was too weak to support his body. Alpha Derick was freaking out when he saw this and without a second thought, he ordered the warriors to back off to Diandem pack, where he would join prince Kellan’s warriors.
But, he would go ahead first, taking Cezi with him. His daughter was paralyzed and now his son’s life was at stake, but before he could leave the fortress of Silver River pack, the warrior that he sent to see the situation in Cane’s campsite returned. He told him a news that made him halted whatever he was doing. 
"The gamma of the Howling Wolf pack, gamma Ethan is currently very sick, from what I gathered he has been collapsed for two days now, but the luna managed to cure all the sick warriors and knights, who got food poisoning." 
"The luna? That runt? Not the Serafim?" Alpha Derick furrowed his brows because the news was a little bit fishy. How she could cure them when the Serafim couldn’t? Was the rumor that he heard about her was true? She was that powerful? "Are you sure about that?" 
"Yes, alpha. All the people in the camp talked about it. It is not hard to get the information about it," the warrior replied. He was kneeling in front of the alpha. He too was surprised to hear about that, because what they knew about that luna that she was a runt, she didn’t have a wolf, but she could cure other people... 
Actually, this was not the first case. She had done the same impossible task before with a warrior that was supposed to not able to walk again. 
"She cured them all..." Alpha Derick contemplated about it, but in the end, he decided to still head for Diandem pack and joined prince Kellan’s warriors. 
Meanwhile, when the night grew darker, Cane managed to find Silver Warrior’s base and killed half of them, while the rest managed to escape he and his warrior’s clutch. 
Though the number of the warriors that Cane brought was not really significant, but their surprised attacked, fueled with anger for the food poisoning that put their fellow warriors in misery had made them went crazy. 
The warriors fought them all relentlessly. They stopped at nothing. 
From there, they could find a few things that made their expression turned sour. From the look of it, they had been reading about dark magic and the power that it held. Why would a shifter learn about dark magic when they couldn’t even use magic? 
Cane asked them all to gather all the scripture on the table to bring it back to the campsite for further investigation, of course, they also brought two more Silver Warrior members to accompany alpha Gallot and his beta. 
However, half way to the campsite, Cane saw the bright light. The same like the light that Iris had summoned this morning, but because it was in the pit of the dark night, the light split the sky and illuminated every dark corner of a vast area. As if turning the night into day. 
They had to close their eyes because the light was so blinding, but then it disappeared. It didn’t last for long. 
The moment they regained their sight back, Cane hastened his pace. The black wolf moved so fast between the hard rocks, somehow, he had bad feeling for this. 
The other warriors were having a hard time to keep up with him, but then when he arrived at the campsite, he immediately knew there was something wrong. 
The campsite looked like the storm just hit this place so hard.
###Chapter 810: THE BACKLASH
Chapter 810: THE BACKLASH
Iris watched how Abby tried her hardest to absorb the strong black magic from Ethan. The light that she produced was cluttered to many directions when it supposed to focus on one point. 
"She couldn’t hold it. She will get a backlash from it," Lou said. 
Iris didn’t realize it when exactly Lou stood by her side, she only noticed him when he spoke to her, while staring at what Abby was doing. 
"What do you mean?" Iris looked at him, worried in her expression. She wished everything would go well with Ethan, but seeing Abby’s struggle, she was afraid for both of them. 
"I am not sure if it happened to a Serafim, since divine power was pretty different from normal magic. But, for a magic user, when your power was cluttered like that, it would cause the power to disintegrated. Needless to say, that was not a good sign for a magic user, since the strength of the power will hit you as hard as the power you unleashed." 
Iris clutched Lou’s sleeve without her realizing it, she felt her heart was beating in her ear to see how the divine power even more scattered. The power swirled around Abby’s body. Was that how you absorbed the black magic? Iris was unsure... 
"She tried to absorb the black magic..." Iris told Lou, hoping he would come with explanation, but Lou didn’t have any idea about divine power. 
"Is that even a feasible thing to do?" Lou frowned. He fixed his eyes on the Serafim and slightly moved in front of Iris to shield her if something went wrong and the backlash really happened. 
"Yes, a Serafim can do that..." Iris replied. She looked around this tent and could see how the tent was shaking, as if there was a strong wind that would knock it off. The sound of it was like a howling of a banshee. 
Iris stared at Liam’s expression. He clenched his jaw tightly, his eyes fixed on Abby. He was having his own battle within him. He must be fighting the urge to get Abby to stop whatever she was doing right now and followed the order that was given to him. 
But then, it didn’t take long before what Lou said came true. There was this an explosion that could blind your sight for a while and a strong gush of the wind, but Lou was ready. He created a solid shield around him and Iris also Jace, Aliana and Ethan. 
Not only that, Lou pushed Abby away, so the explosion from the backlash wouldn’t impact Ethan, who was very close to her. 
With the gamma’s current condition, he would have died right there and then if he got a direct impact from the backlash. 
Yet, Lou misjudged the divine power of the Serafim, thinking Abby was not as powerful as Iris. Even so, still, her divine power couldn’t be compared to a magic user. 
Therefore, even with the solid shield around them, Iris still could feel the impact of it and the tent that covered them vanished. As if there was a fire that turned it into ashes. 
Lou turned his body and hugged Iris, he buried her face against his chest, so she wouldn’t feel the strong impact of it, even when she was within his shield. The merchant gritted his teeth, as he kept up the shield and could only be grateful because he had enough magic stone with him before he approached this tent to see her. 
The shock wave of the backlash toppled a few tents around the campsite and injured a few warriors and knights around. 
If Lou was not there to protect Iris, Aliana, Jace and Ethan, they would be seriously injured and the gamma wouldn’t make it. 
After the shockwave subsided, you could see around the damage that it had created. It looked like there was a storm that hit this place so hard. 
"Are you, okay?" Lou asked Iris when the explosion ended. He cradled Iris’s face and checked on her, looking for any sign of injury or something. Thankfully, Iris was fine, only a little bit disoriented because of what happened. 
Everything happened so fast, maybe less than a minute, but the impact of it was unthinkable. 
The first thing that Iris saw was Liam and Abby’s body, the knight seemed trying to protect the Serafim from the impact of the backlash and because Lou pushed the Serafim away to lessen the impact on Ethan and the other, Liam had to use his body to protect Abby. He got the brunt of it. 
From the distance, Cedric came over, he shouted an order to call for the healer to check on Abby. But, unfortunately, just like Iris, Abby’s body didn’t respond well to Grace’s healing power, but at the very least, she could still do something to Liam and know what to do with Abby, since she looked like she just lost her consciousness. 
"No... no..." Iris muttered in panic, she freed herself from Lou and immediately went to check on Ethan’s condition. 
It was easy to tell Abby had failed with her attempt to get rid of the black magic from Ethan. The burning scar on his left chest was still there and his body was still convulsing because he was having a hard time to breath. 
Aliana immediately crawled to check on Ethan as well the moment she regained her sense and called his name a few times with trembling voice, since she didn’t know what to do. 
"No. No. No! Please, please, please..." Aliana didn’t know what she had to beg for, she lifted her head and saw Iris was holding Ethan’s hand. "Luna, please... please..." 
Iris just witnessed the backlash that Abby got. If she really tried and she failed, the backlash from her power probably would harm the whole people in the campsite, even Lou’s protective shield wouldn’t be able to ward it off. 
But, if she didn’t try... 
She was going to lose Ethan for sure...
###Chapter 811: THE DREADFUL FEELING
Chapter 811: THE DREADFUL FEELING
This was a hard decision to take. Iris didn’t even think of herself about how the black magic would affect her. How it would bring back all the bad memory and tainted her soul. She needed to control the power of it and kept her heart pure.
Iris didn’t think about the impact that she would get, but she was torn between the option that she had. 
Once she tried to save Ethan, there was no going back from that, because if she failed, not only it would kill the gamma, but she would kill the people around them too because of the backlash. 
The backlash from Abby’s power was enough to send a great shockwave to the whole campsite, one only could imagine if it was her power that was being backlashed. 
Lou wouldn’t be able to ward it off too. Iris could see how he was struggling to keep the shield during the shockwave of Abby’s backlash. 
Aliana kept crying, begging her to save him. 
But, if she didn’t do it... 
"Ethan, I am sorry..." Iris held his hand and closed her eyes. 
Aliana became hysterical when Iris apologized, she thought the luna would give up on the gamma. She tried to beg her again, she said everything that she could think of to get her changed her mind. 
"Jace, take her away," Iris said, she opened her eyes and looked at the beta, after that he looked at Lou and gave him an order. "Get all the people away from here, as far away as they could." 
"No way.... you are really going to do that?" Lou furrowed his brows. It was clear that he disagreed with Iris’s decision. It would be a pity if Ethan died, but if he had to choose, he didn’t care about anyone else, as long as this auburn haired girl was safe and sound. 
However, Iris was stubborn enough once she decided on something. 
Iris apologized not because she was going to give up on Ethan. Never. She apologized just in case she failed him and this would be the last time she saw him alive... whether he heard it or not, she needed to apologize if she were to fail. The risk was very high for her to not be able to complete the task when even Abby couldn’t execute it perfectly. 
"Don’t do this, Iris." Lou shook his head. 
"Get the people away from here," Iris said firmly, there was no room for negotiation now. She was not going to negotiate. 
And before she closed her eyes and focused her power to absorb this very vicious dark magic, she saw Cane’s black beast was approaching, but she didn’t have time to have a word with him. Ethan was in a very critical condition and every second was important. 
Therefore, she calmed herself down and tried to figure out how to absorb the black magic instead. She saw what Abby had done. The light from her was scattering. 
But, she was clueless of what to do. It felt like she was drowning in a dark water without any sense of direction. She felt like she was at lost. 
Meanwhile, the other people were witnessing the second bright light that reached the dark sky, turned the night into day once again. 
Jace pulled Aliana away like what Iris told him to do, but Lou didn’t budge from his position beside her. He gave the order that Iris had given to him to the beta. 
"Get the people out of here!" Lou said to Jace. He decided not to leave Iris’s side and was ready with whatever might happen. 
Iris felt this vicious feeling again. She was drowning, even though her surrounding was so bright and the light from her was enough to illuminate the entirety of the campsite and beyond, but all she could see was this darkness and this vicious feeling that settled in the bottom of her heart. 
The vicious feeling... 
Was that the powerful black magic came from? The vicious feeling that she felt during the black rain, the vicious feeling that she felt from Ethan... 
What she needed to do with it. 
Iris tried to come closer to it, trying to touch it, as if the feeling was something solid that she could grab. However, there was this strong rejection the she felt the more she got closer to it, the more she wanted to feel it. 
Yet, when Iris became persistence, instead of the rejection, she felt this dreadful feeling out of nowhere. 
This was the same feeling like when she started to remember what Kellan had done to her. She needed to remember it, but she was afraid. She wanted to get away from this feeling. 
Let alone to touch it, she didn’t even want to be close with this feeling, but then she needed to absorb it. 
Indeed, it was not an easy task to be done. Iris felt she was stuck. Her power cluttered, it started to disarray. It felt like she was holding sands in her hands, which started to slip between her fingers. It was out of her grip. 
She was afraid to touch that feeling, but she couldn’t let go of it too. 
"Iris..." 
Iris heard his voice. This familiar sound, the warm hand that hugged her from behind. The gentle word that he said. His presence that could calm her nerves. 
It was him. 
Cane was here. 
He was with her, thus there was nothing for her to be afraid of, right? 
"Iris..." Cane kept calling her name, as he tightened her arms around her body. 
What now? With him here, was that enough courage for her to touch that feeling? Iris tried. She really tried to let that vicious feeling sunk in. 
Her whole body was trembling when snipped of what happened to her when she was little appeared before her eyes. 
And then babies... 
The babies in her arms. The baby in the coffin. The baby with purple lips. She was not breathing...
###Chapter 812: RESENTMENT
Chapter 812: RESENTMENT
There was this grin that plastered on Decratic’s lips when he watched the sky. His red eyes penetrated the darkness of the forest of the Untouchable Land, where most of the monsters from all over the continent had gathered there, feeling the strong power from a certain creature within the deep of this forest. 
The grin morphed into a full blown excitement as he closed his eyes, as if he could feel something in the air. 
On the side, Zeke was waiting for him with a great news too. But, he didn’t dare to disturb his master, until Decratic addressed him himself. 
"Don’t you think tonight is a very beautiful night?" Decratic asked, as if he was singing. His mood was so bright, a stark contrast of the carcasses beneath his feet. The dead bodies of the people from the Celestial Moon packs. 
Their alpha had been away for long and it was easy to control the pack member without their strong pillar here. Because of the constant attack from the monsters, this pack was rather isolated from the outside world and they knew nothing, but to fight the monster. 
Therefore, they were an easy prey for Zeke... a sacrifice that was necessary to ample his master’s power.
"Yes, my lord. This is a beautiful night indeed..." Zeke replied solemnly. 
"The night will only get more beautiful than this." Decratic sighed with feeling. He was smiling more often recently, as everything went the way he wanted it to be. 
A slow pain was way more thrilling than a quick one, that was why torturing was way more exciting than killing them right away. 
Even Cane knew that simple thing and that was his method to punish his enemy. A slow death. A slow pain. A deep wound. Gave them hope and then crushed it... 
Tasted the despair, anguish and the pain from them when they realized their little hope was nothing, but illusion. 
Let them think the victory was within their grasp, but then snatched it away. 
It was so funny to see all of them, those insignificant creatures, who walked in this realm, was played within his palm. 
"My lord. Our people will arrive within two weeks from now. It will be an honor for them if you were willing to greet the worshipers. They have been waiting for your resurrection for a long time. We have never lost our faith on you..." Zeke said, he glanced at the dark cave. Dexter had been inside for almost a month. It was the time for him to come out and as a father, he couldn’t be more proud of his son to be handpicked by Decratic himself. It was a great honor... 
Only if Cyan was not that stupid, she would be able to snatch an important position like her brother. What a pity she had to die. What a waste... 
"Great!" Decratic’s red eyes lit up with unrelented excitement. He felt like he wanted to create a portal to watch the show right there and then, but he couldn’t do that. It was not the right time for him to see her. 
More so, he was still not powerful enough to face her right now. At least, not until he had tainted her heart enough. 
Na was still on his way to conceal the painful memories and that stupid alpha tried to hide it as well. It was a regress in his plan, a variable that he didn’t see, but now... it was not actually that bad. It was great even! 
That was the only thing that Na could do, her last desperate resort to keep her heart pure, made her stayed away from the pain that she couldn’t endure and turn her dark, tainting the purity that a Serafim should have. 
But in the end, it was all for nothing... 
"What a good night." 
Miles away from Celestial Moon pack, the Untouched Land, something astounding was happening. There was this light that turned the night sky into day, so bright, people close to the source of the light, needed to narrow their eyes to be able to see. 
"This is not good..." Lou muttered, he used his hand to cover the blinding light that came from Iris, while the people around the campsite had moved away from them. "Cane! If she couldn’t do it, the backlash will kill all of us!" Lou dreaded the power that Iris held, but even so, he didn’t try to escape this predicament and choose to stay. 
He extended his protection to shield Cane as well, but he was pessimistic that his protection spell would be able to handle this tremendous power from Iris. 
"Do something!" Lou shouted at Cane, even though he was only a step away from him. The alpha was still kneeling, while hugging his mate from behind. 
On the other hand, Iris looked clueless about what was happening around her. There was a lot of light, but all she could see was only the darkness, pain, anguish, agony and misery the more she absorbed that negative feeling, the vicious senses that she had noted before. 
Was it how you absorbed the powerful black magic? It was despair... 
Iris felt like everything came to her at once and the more she absorbed it the deeper she sunk into the darkness. It was only the feeling of Cane’s arms that wrapped around her body that kept her afloat, kept her from drowning. 
But for how long, Iris felt like this horrendous feeling would last for eternity. As if, the pain and misery wouldn’t come to end. She was on the verge of losing herself in the process of absorbing this black magic. She lost all the reason why she was there and why she did it in the first place. 
Anger built up on her heart and resentment crawled on her skin. The feeling was the same like when Kellan touched her, even her mate’s touch slowly disgusted her... 
Iris felt so mad, she felt this rage and then a deep sadness...
###Chapter 813: DESPAIR
Chapter 813: DESPAIR
This feeling was not anything like Iris had gone through before. She was having a hard time to breath. All of despair and misery came crawling back to the front or her mind, brought back all of the forgotten memories that she had suppressed all this time. 
Iris was being reminded of the pain when she was being whipped by Mason, the disappointment in Gerald’s eyes for having her as his daughter, the way people looked down on her and how she was trying her hardest to get a little bit affection from people around her. 
But then, those memories were interrupted by the memory that did not belong to her. 
This was a memory of Ethan. 
The period of time when he was in the slavery. The time when he was tortured and how those savages had tormented him. The gamma looked very young, he was no older than fifteen years old. The pain in his eyes and gradually his eyes lost its light. 
Iris felt every bone that was broken and every pain those savages gave to him. Iris could feel Ethan’s rage and his bloody desire to kill everyone, or anything that touched him, but he was helpless and weak. There was nothing he could do to defend himself and no one could defend him. 
Iris could feel Ethan’s urge to kill himself to end the pain. 
And then the memory of Kellan. Iris relived the moment when he told her how to touch him, hoe he coaxed her to do what he wanted. Iris could feel his hand on the back of her head, trying to guide her of how to give him pleasure. The way he moaned and and how he complimented her. 
All of his little game... 
Iris remembered how confused she was when Kellan touched her inappropriately, but he kept telling her ’It’s okay, good girl...’. 
Iris watched the confused little girl, who was none other than herself, trying not to cry when the young Kellan persuaded her to do what he wanted her to do, while telling the little girl all the sweet words that she was so eager to hear. 
Even when she was little, Iris craved those sweet words so much. 
It didn’t stop there, after the torture that Kellan brought to her and the pain, the scar, the trauma, Iris was being forced to remember how the Howling Wolf pack member resented her, the way they looked at her and how Cane treated her the first time they met. 
The way Cane forced himself into her and how he hurt her so bad, adding more trauma and drawing more scars. Every stone that was throne, the disgusting look from them.... 
Iris was absorbing the dark magic. It was very dark and vicious, Iris thought she wouldn’t be able to survive this. Every inch of her body was being shredded into pieces, her heart was being shattered and crushed, but even so, it was still not enough. 
And when Iris thought she wouldn’t be able to absorb more pain and agony than this, the pain only escalated. 
She watched her own pale face when she gave birth to her twin babies. 
The first baby didn’t let out any sound. 
The first baby was as still as rock. 
The first baby didn’t move. 
She gave birth to a dead baby. 
Iris felt like she was in hell. 
The agony turned into rage. 
The sadness turned into vengeance. 
And when she thought she couldn’t be more devastated than this, all of her memories returned like a broken dam. Iris remembered how she lost her second baby. How she lost Rora... the only joy and light in her life. 
The little baby that she held, the smile on her little face and how she pouted her lips when she felt uncomfortable. The warmth in her arms. 
They snatched her away. 
They killed her babies... 
They killed her very reason to keep living. 
They killed Chrystal and Rora... 
The hatred burned Iris’s skin, licked every wound that littered her heart. The rage and madness replaced her pain and agony and Iris held tightly to that feeling because she didn’t want to be in pain anymore. 
The last tenderness in her heart had vanished with the torment she had to go through in such short period of time. 
And that was all that needed to break all the remaining swords... 
Miles away... the five swords had vanished now the heart of the Serafim had tainted completely. Her heart filled with darkness. 
Iris wanted revenge! 
She wanted to kill them all! 
She didn’t want to spare a single life! 
She wanted them to feel the pain that she had to go through because of what they had done to her... to her little babies... 
There was nothing important. Everything was meaningless now when she lost the only joy she had. The only thing that she prayed for... 
And when the heart of the Serafim filled with darkness and the five swords had been broken and vanished, the only thing that left was Decratic... 
Decratic could feel the hatred that fueled his strength. The hatred from the Serafim and the wreck of the swords. 
Now, there was nothing that Decratic had to be afraid of... 
Meanwhile, Cane tried to get Iris back to him. He could feel the mate bond between them snapped. He felt like his mate was pulling away from him and he couldn’t reach her. 
Cane kept calling her name, but she didn’t give any respond, instead her body turned very cold and she was very silence, but the light around them swirled in the air. 
This time, the light was no longer disarrayed, but those little lights spun around them before they hit Ethan’s body and you could hear the gamma screamed in pain. Dark blood oozed out from his mouth and nose, he struggled to breath and he curled his body, writhing in agony. 
However, a moment later, you could black smoke came out of his mouth, he vomited severely, as if something gutted his inside before his body laid motionlessly on the ground again. His breathing became even and the light faded away, welcoming back the dark night... 
Everyone was holding their breath, no one dared to make a sound and all of them had their focus on the luna and the gamma. 
It was Aliana, who freed herself from the beta’s arms and dashed toward Ethan to check on him. Jace followed behind her too. 
"Grace! Grace!" Aliana called for the healer frantically when she could feel Ethan’s heart was beating weakly. 
Grace immediately rushed toward them, followed by Redmond. The two of them reached Ethan’s spot where Cane carried Iris’s away. 
Nobody noticed how dark Iris’s eyes were, how savage the look on her face was, aside from Lou, who came with Cane. 
From the crowded people, Zale ran toward the luna and the alpha too, worried something might happen to the luna. He couldn’t care less about Ethan’s condition. Everyone could feel the power that Iris had unleashed. 
It was very powerful, it was strong enough to level the entire pack ground. 
"He is... his condition is very weak, but he will be fine..." Grace stuttered, she couldn’t believe it too, because she had tried everything she could to heal the gamma, but she always met with failure. 
With the help of Liam, Abby came toward Ethan to check on him too. She was very weak, she looked so gaunt, but she insisted to check on the gamma. 
There was a bitterness in her voice when she spoke, as she gritted her teeth to hold back her tears. 
"She did it," Abby said. "She absorbed the black magic." 
Aliana cried inconsolably when she heard that and Grace pressed her heart with her palm, feeling this wave of relief. Jace and Redmond were visibly letting out a long breath, as they closed their eyes. That was a close call. 
The burning scar on Ethan’s chest that earlier had reached his neck, disappeared as well. 
Meanwhile, all of the warriors and knights, who had moved away from here, staring from a safe distance away, trying to figure out what was going on, whether the luna had done something the Serafim couldn’t do or whether she failed. 
Yet, if she did fail, why there was no backlash? It meant, there was only one option... she managed to save the gamma’s life. 
However, without any instruction, they didn’t dare to come closer, they watched with a furrow between their brows. 
"How is she?" Lou asked Cane when he carried Iris away from the campsite. "Is she alright?" Lou pestered the alpha, tried to look at Iris’s condition, while Zale followed behind them, but the young boy didn’t come very close, he didn’t want to be shunned away, if they knew he was here. 
"There is something wrong with her," Cane said. He didn’t know what, but he knew Iris was not fine. Her body was so cold, her eyes had turned dark and her expression... Cane had never seen her with this expression before. 
You wouldn’t dare to see her right in the eyes if you saw her right now. There was something terrifying about his mate, as if she was able to rip your heart out of your chest without even flinching away. 
"What is it?" Lou asked with urgency in his voice and Cane stopped walking away after he kept a large distance from him and the people, who surrounded Ethan. 
Cane knelt down and cradled Iris in his arms, he let Lou to check on her. He cursed himself for knowing close to nothing when it came to magic and divine power. 
He should have learned more about those stuffs once he learned about Lu and Na, instead of dismissing it. 
Lou immediately knelt down too, he checked on Iris and saw the look on her face. His heart skipped a beat, as he could feel a deep hatred and a strong killing intent from her. 
"Iris?" Lou called for her, but she didn’t give any response. She stared at the distance. "Iris?" 
"I can feel the mate bond between us snapped. I feel like I am losing her," Cane said. 
The alpha must be very desperate to share this with Lou, even though he didn’t show it openly, but the thought the mate bond between him and Iris would disappear permanently and he was going to lose her, left the alpha with dreadful thought. 
"What happened with her?" Cane asked. 
"I don’t know, I am not sure..." Lou shook his head, as he held Iris’s hand. 
The two of them didn’t even realize Zale was only two steps away from them, trying to overhear what they were talking about and figure out what happened with the luna. 
However, as if in sync, both Cane and Zale groaned in pain. The alpha frowned, as he was breathing sharply, while the young boy clutched his chest and started to wail in pain. 
"What’s wrong?" Lou was confused to see Cane’s expression. He noticed Zale, but he didn’t have time to reprimand the young boy. 
Right at that time, Iris pushed Cane’s away from her. The alpha seemed to lose his strength to hold her back because of the pain. 
Cane was familiar with this pain. Iris had done this before and it was not experience that he wanted to relive. 
"Iris? Where are you going?" Lou stood up and held her hand, but Iris swatted it away and glared at him. 
"Don’t touch me." Iris’s voice filled with malice. "I am going to kill them all..." 
Her dark eyes swept the ground of the campsite and fixed on the area, where they held alpha Gallot and his beta, also a few war prisoners. Buried down the ground around the same area, there was a box, where you could hear a woman was screaming like a banshee and Iris was heading there. 
Emanated from Iris’s body was black wisp...
###Chapter 814: THE DARKNESS CONSUMED HER
Chapter 814: THE DARKNESS CONSUMED HER
At first no one noticed what happened to Iris because all of them had their focus on the gamma. Redmond and Jace helped to carry him to the side, where Grace and Abby would look after him to make sure he was out of danger and his life was no longer hanging by a thread. 
At this time, Aliana had stopped crying, her beautiful eyes were so red like a rabbit, as she followed behind Redmond and her brother to the sideline. All the onlookers were very curious about what was going on with the gamma. 
However, when they noticed the burning scar had disappeared, they erupted into a cheerful celebration, knowing they wouldn’t lose their gamma. Their luna had lifted the curse and once again, their luna had proven to them how powerful she was even the Serafim couldn’t match her power. 
Started from the curse on baby Vemion, Joel and now Ethan, not to mention a few instances that not all the people knew. 
Meanwhile, this fact alone left all the knights were dumbfounded, they started questioning the Serafim they served. How could a runt in a werewolf continent could manage to beat her in everything? 
Abby could feel their gazes on her, but Liam stood tall beside her to shield the woman from all eyes on her. He could feel how uncomfortable she was, especially when Abby was still affected by the black magic that she managed to absorb, though it was not enough to save Ethan’s life like Iris did, but she got a backlash for her action. 
For now, their gazes were not really bothered her, because Abby had to deal with the turmoil inside of her, as the black magic brought the worst moment in her life. 
Yet, Abby noticed the salamander in her pocket wriggled its body. She was not sure when the creature had sneaked into her pocket dress. She brought the Salamander with her when they left for the battle with the permission from Iris, thinking Abby would need the creature more than her. 
The salamander became very restless, as if this creature felt something and this made Abby looked away from the people, who were overjoyed by the fact the gamma was saved. 
She tilted her head and watched Iris was walking to a certain area, while Lou was following her. Cane and a young boy were still kneeling on the ground. 
Abby couldn’t hear what Cane was shouting about, because of the commotion around her. More so, they were too far for Abby to see their expression and figure out what was going on there. 
The Serafim still had this bitter feeling. 
Iris was fine even after she absorbed the black magic from Ethan, she didn’t have any backlash and now even the people from the Holy Kingdom, the knights were questioning her power. 
Abby envied her. Iris got her power easily, without even trying. Why would Na choose her to have her life essence? Why wouldn’t she choose someone from the Holy Kingdom? The next Serafim? What the meaning of dozen Serafim that came before her then if the Serafim from the Holy Kingdom couldn’t even be compared to someone with Na’s life essence? 
Abby tried to push down her jealousy, but it was hard when her heart had been tainted. It was hard not to envy Iris and hate her. 
But, the truth was; Abby didn’t know what kind of hell Iris was going through right at this moment. 
The swords were the symbol of the purity of the divine power that Na had left behind. With the five swords were broken and gone, it meant the Serafim’s heart had been tainted completely and Decratic could devour Iris’s misery and despair, rendered him to grow stronger, because of the unique manacle that they shared. 
Currently, Lou was trying to stop Iris and try to talk to her. 
The merchant fought back the dreadful feeling that he felt, while Cane was trying to deal with excruciating pain that Iris inflicted on his wolf spirit, so did Zale. The poor young boy curled his body on the ground, writhed in pain, until Iris was far enough from him and he was no longer could feel the affect of her power. 
Cane stood up when the pain was a little bit bearable and chased after his mate, despite the fact, it was a torture to come closer to her. 
"Are you insane?! Go back! I will talk to her, are you going to kill yourself?!" Lou frowned when he saw Cane approached him and Iris. He knew what Iris had done to the alpha and Zale and her ability to squeeze the shifter’s spirit. 
This kind and timid woman was actually able to kill the shifter without touching them and commanded monsters. 
Lou had learned about the ability that Iris held, thus he knew Cane would be in danger if he was being obstinate to approach his mate at time like this. 
However, it would be a very scarce moment when Cane listened to Lou and right now, it was not that moment. 
His steps were not fast and you could see in his eyes how much pain that he had to endure just to be close with his mate. 
"Iris," Cane called her. He grabbed her elbow and turned her body around, but what greeted him was a pair of eyes that was very foreign. He felt like he was talking to a different person. This was not the woman that he marked, this was not the mother of his children... 
Iris had never had this so much hatred in her eyes, the rage that she had was mortifying. 
Yet, Cane desperately reached to her. "My love... come back to me..." he whispered in small voice. He pulled her back into his arms, pressed her head against his chest, despite the excruciating pain that she inflicted. 
Cane had told her months ago. If they happened to be separated, she needed to find a way back to him... 
The alpha held her tightly, he could feel how far she was. Iris was out of his reach and fear gripped Cane’s heart like the pain did. 
On the side, Lou watched the two of them and said nothing, but he knew the situation right now was way more critical than what he saw. Something was not right with Iris and he could feel it, though he couldn’t put his finger on it. 
But a second later when Lou thought Cane managed to get a hold of the situation, suddenly he and Lou were being pushed away, as if there was a shockwave that knocked them down. 
Both of them were thrown to the ground a few steps away from Iris, as they watched her stared at them with the emptiness in her dark eyes. 
"They killed my daughters. My babies. I am going to kill them all. All of them." Iris said emotionlessly. Her voice and words were very cold, like a frozen river. 
Iris turned around and walked slowly toward the area, where they held the war prisoners, but this time, no matter what Lou and Cane did, they couldn’t come close to her, as if there was a very strong protection shield that prevented them from approaching her. 
"Cane, what now?! What happened with her?" Lou was panic when he couldn’t break the protection shield and watched Iris approached Gallot and Xo. 
The two of them didn’t directly involve with the death of Chrystal and Rora, but obviously they were part of Decratic’s plan. 
Decratic and his pawn, they caused her to have an early labor, killed her first baby and destroyed her last resting place. They cursed her second baby and put Rora in so much agony before she passed. 
Iris wanted nothing, but blood in her hands! 
Gallot and Xo were put in one place and the two of them were confused with the look that Iris gave them. Even though they were put a little bit far from the main camp, but more or less, they knew it was Iris, who had created the white blinding light earlier. 
They heard about how she cured the food poisoning and now she let out murderous intention that emanated from her body, which directed toward them. 
"Wh- what?" Gallot stuttered. He had seen Iris when she was little when he visited the Blue Moon pack to have the dirties party in his life. Iris was only a timid little girl at that time, a little girl with bright blue eyes, who instead would apologize when she was being hit, but the woman that stared at him right now, was someone that he believed could take down a monster on her own. 
Gallot, Xo and the rest of the war prisoner had been given Rottingbane leaves, which rendered them were unable to shift into their beast, but it didn’t mean they didn’t have their beast... Iris still could see their spirit, laying dormant beside them. 
"You cursed my baby... you destroyed my baby’s grave..." Iris spoke emotionlessly. 
Even though it was not Gallot, but everyone was the same in her eyes. All of them. Iris wanted them to feel the same pain like she had right now. 
"What?! No! That’s lady Cyan’s idea!" Gallot struggled against the silver chain that tied him down against a big pole behind him. 
Iris couldn’t care less about what he was blabbering, as she stretched out her hand and touched his forehead. 
It was a simple touch, she didn’t even use her strength at all, but the skin that touched the tip of her finger melted, like a steel was being melted by fire. 
The sound of Gallot’s scream shattered the cheerful commotion in the distance, as they started to pay close attention to what their luna was up to. 
Iris stared into Gallot’s eyes when her finger penetrated his forehead. Blood oozed out from the hole that she created, but Iris didn’t even flinch with the horrendous sight before her eyes. 
She might be indeed Gerald’s daughter because she enjoyed the sight so much. The scream soothed her nerves and the warm and sticky blood was not really disgusting, once you got used to it. 
At this time, Iris’s forefinger had fully penetrated Gallot’s head, leaving a hole there, while the man was still screaming, without being able to move his body. He couldn’t even struggle, nor he was able to move his finger. 
This time, Iris’s hand entered his head and his wail stopped when her whole fist had perched inside his brain. 
Once the alpha was dead, Iris pulled her hand away. Blood dropped marred her hand and droplets of it pooled on the ground near her feet, while Gallot died with a big hole on his forehead. 
Xo wailed in panic to watch the whole thing unfolded, he begged for forgiveness to the luna, though he didn’t know what he had done wrong, aside from following his alpha’s instruction. 
"Please... please! No! Don’t kill me!" Xo tried to get away from Iris, which was proven as a wasteful attempt. 
This time, Iris didn’t torture the beta, but black wisp that emanated from her body made a slashing movement and cut Xo’s head very fast, the next second, his head had rolled on the ground. 
Meanwhile, all the warriors and knights that were about to approach Iris stopped in their track and watched in horror of what she had done. 
"This is not good..." Abby muttered. "The darkness consumed her. We need to stop her..." 
Abby remembered the lesson she learned in the Holy Kingdom and the last image, where the Serafim’s lights had turned dark. 
On the other hand, miles away from there, in the untouched land, Decratic grinned from ear to ear, as he beckoned Dexter to come out with the creature that had been hiding in the darkness all this time. 
"This is the time..." Decratic said, he then proceeded to create a portal.
###Chapter 815: LU, NA AND DECRATIC
Chapter 815: LU, NA AND DECRATIC
Abby gathered her courage to come closer to Iris, she disregarded her own pain, because regardless of everything, as the Serafim this was her responsibility to bring peace into this world and what happened with Iris was one of the worst things that could happen. 
With Liam’s help, Abby approached Iris, but Cedric came to her and tried to stop her. "Where do you think you are going?" Cedric asked. He was still dumbfounded of what the luna was capable to do. She looked very dangerous and as the Serafim’s protector, it was his duty to make sure she was out of harm way. 
"We need to stop her!" Abby said hastily, she looked scared. "We need to reach her before something really bad happened!" 
"What do you mean?" Cedric asked and the other three warriors came to them to hear Abby’s explanation about what was going to happen if they let the situation escalated. 
The information that Abby relayed to them was something that only a Serafim knew and once Abby finished with her explanation, all of them got a better understanding of the critical situation they had right now. 
At the same time, Lou was still trying to get through the protection spell that prevented them from coming closer to Iris. 
"I don’t know that she can do protection spell!" Lou looked at the alpha, asking for clarification, but Cane was staring at Iris and the black wisp that surrounded her, he was in a deep thought. "Hey! Do you have any idea or plan about this?!" Lou was annoyed because he was being ignored. 
Still, Cane didn’t pay close attention to him. He raised his hand and touched the transparent shield and closed his eyes, but when he opened them again, it was a pair of red eyes that you could see. 
Lou was slightly taken aback to see this, because he knew he was not facing Cane, but the lycan instead. It was the cursed creature! 
"Uhm, I don’t think this is a good idea to let him out now, Cane," Lou said with a frown. "The Serafim and her five underlings are coming this way." Lou nodded at the six people that approached them. 
However, Lu didn’t listen to him. If there was one similarity between Cane and Lu, it must be their ability to ignore the thing that they didn’t deem important. 
Right now, his focus was on his mate and the black wisp. Lu seemed to notice something, as he let out his own black wisp from his body and this made Abby and her five knights stopped in their track. 
"Well, whoever you are, I don’t think I can cover you this time by saying the black wisp comes from me." Lou clicked his tongue. That was the excuse they gave to the people from the Holy Kingdom whenever they asked about the black wisp, though all of them knew it was a bullshit. 
And yet, Lu didn’t respond to that too. 
The black wisp surrounded the protection shield that Iris had created, it crawled on the surface of it, letting them knew the real size of the shield. It was big enough to accommodate three to four tents. 
All of the people that watched this gasped. Most of the warriors and the knights didn’t have any idea what was going on, thus they could only look from the distance away and wait. 
"Hey!" Lou tried to get attention from Cane or whoever he was right now. "What are you going to do?!" 
They widened their eyes when they witnessed the black wisp that covered the entirety of the protection shield and a second later, they felt this strong shockwave that toppled them to the ground and a deafening sound from something was being broken. 
Lou closed his eyes and the next thing he saw was only darkness, as if his surrounding was filled with this thick fog and he couldn’t see anything more than a meter away from him. 
"What the hell?" Lou called for Cane and Iris, but there was no respond at all. 
This murky and thick fog was a result of the broken protection shield that surrounded Iris and it was not a great deal for Lu to be able to find her. 
Iris was standing still in the same place, staring at him with emptiness in her dark eyes. She balled her fists to see him and when Lu tried to come closer to her, she used the black wisp to attack him, which he dismissed with a wave of his hand. 
"You can’t hurt me with my own power, Na," Lu said. His voice was very tender. "After all, I am the one, who gave you this power." 
Iris didn’t say anything, but she kept trying to ward off Lu from coming closer to her, but when she couldn’t stop him, she turned around and was about to leave when Lu hugged her from behind. He hugged her so tightly and buried his face against the crook of her neck. 
"Na, I know it’s you..." Lu said. The lycan was not like his usual self, he took things seriously and didn’t try to act recklessly like he used to. "I finally found you." 
"I am going to kill them all," Iris said. "I am going to kill Decratic and everyone involved. I am going to kill them all." 
"You know that you can’t kill him when you are like this. You feed his power with your anger and rage." Lu kissed her neck and Iris’s body was stiffened. 
"I am going to kill him. He killed my babies. He killed you. He made the people burned you." 
Hearing that, Lu knew exactly what happened right now. It seemed, Na’s memories and Iris’s memories fused together. 
Just like Cane and Lu, Iris also had Na within her. 
The only different between them was; Cane and Lu had their own personality and feeling, their emotions and what they thought were separated, it was two different entities within one body, but it didn’t happen with Iris. 
Na had been using her power, her life essence to keep Iris from being tainted by the darkness. She meddled with her emotions and mind too deep for so long. Iris had Na’s life essence ever since she was in her mother’s womb, she carried Na’s life essence in her entire life and Na had been using her power to shield her from all the negative things that happened in her life. 
However, what Na could do was limited. She could only block the most horrifying memories Iris had, or made her forgot her traumatizing experience, to keep her heart pure and do not give up to the darkness. 
Years of doing so, left Na with nothing, but memories and emotions. That was why, Na couldn’t really resurface like Lu did to Cane. 
And now her last effort failed, all the negative emotions and memories returned, including Na’s own rage and resentment. 
At this moment, Iris was not only enduring her own negative feeling, sadness, pain, misery, despair, rage, anger and everything in between, but she also had to endure Na’s and Ethan’s worst memories too. 
This was too much for one person to endure everything all by herself. 
Therefore, right now, the person that Cane held in his arms was nothing but a shell of all the rotten feeling and painful memories, rendered him unable to feel the mate bond between him and Iris, because his mate was hidden at the bottom of all agony that was going through her veins. 
He needed to reach her, but more importantly, Iris needed to have the courage to face everything that weighed him down and was willing to come back to Cane. 
It was not an easy feat at all, because she needed to face her trauma, Na’s and Ethan’s at the same time. This was why, absorbing dark magic was very fatal for a Serafim, a person with divine power. 
And this was what Decratic’s aim since the very beginning. He wanted to break her into pieces. 
Decratic wanted Iris to feel all the agony and inflict so much pain, she wouldn’t be able to keep her purity, causing her to lose her divine power, which leading to break the swords on her own. 
The swords contained with Na’s divine power, that was why it could purify the next Serafim that came after her from all the negative things. 
Thus, for the swords to break and vanish, it was a symbol that the Serafim had been thoroughly tainted with rage and vengeance, as she lost her divine power. 
It was the reason why, every time Iris went through bad experience and violence thoughts fleeted in her mind, the swords would dim and crack. 
Decratic knew about that and it was in his nature to take things slowly, torture the subject with the most excruciating pain, taking what dear to Iris, to Na in the worst way possible, leaving her to deal with the agony of losing their loved ones. 
This was always his method and you could learn that from how he used the people that the Serafim supposed to protect, to kill the one person that she loved the most, Lu. 
And Decratic did that to Iris by taking her babies... one by one... letting Iris thought she managed to save at least one of her babies, only for that hope to be shattered completely. 
Putting someone in misery and then giving someone hope, only to be shattered them was a game that Decratic loved the most. 
After all, a prolonged pain was better than a short one. 
"Na..." Lu called for her. "Guide her to comeback..." he said in whispery tone. Lu was having a hard time to contain the power that Iris unleashed. He tried to get his power back, but it was impossible, because his power had fused with Na and by extent with Iris too. 
However, when you thought this situation couldn’t be worse than this, the universe proved how wrong you could be. 
All of sudden, there was this strong gush of wind that wipeout the thick and murky fogs from everyone’s sight, clearing the area, as a portal appeared not too far from where Iris and Cane were standing. 
Vicious growls filled the air, along with the sound of the knights unsheathed their swords. The look of anger on their faces when they saw Alan came through the portal. 
The king looked very fine with his black armor and a smirk on the corner of his lips. 
Some people might only see him as the king, but more than a handful people knew he was Decratic. The ancient creature that was the reason why the Serafim and the Holy Kingdom existed, because their sole purpose was to destroy this exact creature completely. Something that the first Serafim failed to do it. 
"ATTACK!" Jace roared and shifted into his beast, followed by all the warriors. The beta led all the warriors to attack Decratic. 
He was alone. He came here alone and they couldn’t let this opportunity slid. Taking him down when he was alone, giving them a high chance to kill him. 
But, Decratic was not that stupid enough to deal with thousand warriors and knights on his own. He didn’t look panic at all, as he waved his hands and dozens of portals appeared, spitting out ridiculous amount of monsters to fight the warriors and the knights, keeping them away from Na, Lu and Decratic. 
All of these monsters had been inflicted by dark magic. Now, Decratic had enough power, the monsters he summoned, doubled the number of monsters that attacked them the last time. 
This was the same old method that he liked. 
"Na, we meet again," Decratic said with feeling. 
However, Iris used the black wisp to attack him and Lu shifted into his lycan form, he charged toward Decratic, as the ground was shaking and a monstrous creature came from the sky.
###Chapter 816: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT
Chapter 816: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT
None of them had ever really seen this creature before, because this creature had only been mentioned in a legend or even a myth. this creature should have become extinct centuries ago. 
However, here it was, a living and a breathing dragon! 
The size of this dragon could cover the entirety of a pack. It scales gleamed under the moonlight and the sound of its wings was very deafening. Its roar shook the ground and left anyone trembled in fear. 
Nefilim, Geromine, Brinetallon, Goblin, Vermeyes, Deadeyes and many more monsters came out from dozen of portals that Decratic created. 
These monsters alone had overwhelmed the warriors and knights, let alone with the addition of the dragon. It was simply a lost war that they had to fight. No one dare to imagine what kind of massacre that could happen in such short period of time. They didn’t stand a chance to fight them all! 
"Shit! Shit! Shit!" Lou cursed under his breath when he witnessed how everything unfolded before his eyes. He couldn’t believe the bad luck they had. "Damn it! Seriously! A dragon?!" 
Meanwhile, with the help of Joel and Finn, Aliana moved Ethan’s body to a safe space, though no place was safe right now. 
The gamma was still unconscious and his condition was not stable yet, thus Grace came with them, since the healer couldn’t fight. 
Meanwhile, all the warriors fought alongside the knights and the remaining ten magic users, as they tried their best to ward off the monsters. 
The ten magic users used their utmost power to create a barrier that prevented the monsters from coming closer to them, but this kind of barrier wouldn’t last for long. Without the Serafim’s Sylph, they would run out of the magic stone very fast. 
However, Abby was not in the condition, where she could use her power. She had exhausted herself when she tried to absorb the black magic from Ethan and currently, Liam took her back to the furthest area, away from the battle. 
Liam went with Abby to where Aliana took Ethan, while the rest of the knights and warriors fought the monsters and the magic users tried to create a barrier and protection around them. 
This was a chaotic situation, this was a battle that they didn’t predict at all, especially with the dragon. How you would fight a dragon?! 
"Th- that’s a dragon?" Zale stuttered, his jaw dropped, as he was trembling in fear. The dragon covered the night sky and you could see its scale was as hard as steel, as if there was nothing could penetrate it and hurt the creature. 
"Yeah, I can see that boy. That thing is certainly not a flying bear," Lou replied. He became even more distressed with this whole situation, thinking whether he had chosen the wrong side. 
But right now, Lou’s main focus was on the fight between the lycan, Iris and Decratic. 
Decratic was indeed the root of all evil things, Lou could feel the ominous feeling with only his presence alone. 
Currently, the lycan was attacking Decratic, the cursed creature used his black wisp to slash him into pieces. The attack was vicious, but every time, Decratic would manage to ward off the attack and try to approach Iris. 
On the other hand, Iris stood there, she didn’t move, she didn’t say anything, but her dark eyes fixed on Decratic’s every movement. Her expression was very hard to read, it was unfathomable what she was thinking at this very moment. 
The lycan moved as fast as lightening, engulfed Decratic with his dark wisp, but the devil managed to break free from it pretty easily, as he matched the cursed creature’s speed. 
The lycan growled and roared loudly. His red eyes filled with malice and killing intent that emanated from the beast was hard to be ignored. 
Many people, who happened to see this cursed creature were dumbstruck to see it here, but because of the monsters that kept attacking them, they didn’t have time to discern what actually was going on and how the lycan suddenly appeared. 
Not to mention the dragon above their head, they didn’t have time to bother with the lycan when their life was in danger once they lost their focus for a second. 
"H- how can we take down the dragon?" Zale asked, despite his fear, he was still trying to think of a way to help. 
"How do I know? I have never fought a dragon before!" Lou growled, he was frustrated to say the least. "You better get out from here." 
"Where?" Zale asked, he crept closer to Lou even more because there was a Deadeye that charged toward them. Thanked to Lou’s protection spell, the monsters couldn’t reach them. At least, not yet... "Nowhere safe here..." 
Zale was right, there was nowhere safe for them right now and this might be their last battle if miracle didn’t happen soon, since he couldn’t imagine how they could get out from this horrendous situation without any help. 
The monster was one thing, but the dragon was a whole different thing entirely, especially now when the dragon breathed fire and burned the ground. This majestic creature didn’t even choose its target, as it burned down shifters, knights and monsters alike. 
The magic users’ protection spell couldn’t ward off the dragon’s fire breath and five of them died, burned into ashes within a second, leaving only five of them. 
Iris’s unperturbed expression finally showed a little sign of emotion when she lifted her chin and stared at the dragon above her head. Still, there was no fear in her dark eyes, as if there was nothing could scare her anymore and the sight of her like this was very unsettling. 
You could see, on the dragon’s back was Dexter. His eyes met with Iris and there was this craziness there.
However, he was not the only one, who was crazy right now, because a moment later, Iris had used her black wisp to dig a certain screaming box on the ground.
###Chapter 817: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (2)
Chapter 817: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (2)
Iris had heard this annoying crying sound from beneath the ground, where they buried a certain box, because the sound of it was really bothersome. 
Using her black wisp, Iris dug it out, while the lycan and Decratic still engaged in a fierce battle on their own. 
Once the box was beneath her feet, Iris used the same black wisp to open it, which revealed a gruesome sight, where you could see a head! 
Someone should have died when their head was severed completely from their body, but thanked to the black magic that Dexter induced on Aria, she was still very much alive. 
Aria’s scream even more deafening when she saw Iris. The luna was staring down at her. A condescending look burned her dark eyes. 
"IRIS! I CURSE YOU! I CURSE YOU! YOU DON’T DESERVE TO LIVE!" The head screamed. You wouldn’t recognize it was Aria, because her face was no longer recognizable. 
For most of the people, this must be the most dreadful thing that they had ever witnessed, but Iris didn’t show any indication of it, aside from disgusting look on her cold face, there was nothing else she felt. 
"YOUR BABIES ARE DEAD! THEY ARE DEAD BECAUSE OF YOU! BECAUSE YOU DON’T DESERVE TO BE A MOTHER!" Because Aria couldn’t hurt Iris physically, she hurt her by using her words. "YOUR BABIES ARE DEAD AND ALL OF THAT WAS YOUR FAULT! YOU DON’T DESERVE TO HAVE A BABY! YOU DON’T DESERVE TO BE WITH CANE! YOU DON’T DESERVE TO BE A MOTHER! YOU ARE THE MOST HORRIBLE MOTHER!" 
Only if Iris still had her divine power, a single touch from her would be able to make Aria died in peace, something that she craved so much. This life was meaningless, but Dexter didn’t let her to have her peace, as he was persistent enough to keep her alive. 
"WHAT KIND OF MOTHER, WHO LET THEIR BABIES DIED?! THE DEATH OF YOUR BABIES IS YOUR FAULT! YOU DON’T DESERVE TO BE A MOTHER!" 
Iris’s expression didn’t change when she bent her body and grabbed the head by its hair and raised it, as she let Aria kept screaming and cursing her for being a bad mother. Her words became so hard to hear and crueler by each word she spat out. 
Iris raised the head high enough for Dexter to see and the craziness in his eyes turned into madness, as the dragon flew toward her and was ready to burn her down completely, along with Aria’s head. 
"NO!" Zale screamed, which noticed Lou about what was going to happen. 
"Shit!" Lou cursed under his breath, he watched in horror when the dragon breathed fire at Iris. 
It would be too late for him to save her, there was no way Lou would be able to reach Iris in time and save her life, let alone Zale, who currently had turned into his beast and dashed toward the luna. 
The young boy had made a promise before that he would sacrifice himself to save the luna. He would throw himself against monsters if it could save her and now, he proved his words. 
The small beast rushed toward the luna, thinking he could block the fire, despite the fact it was impossible. The fire would burn the two of them for good. 
The night sky turned bright once again when the fire from the dragon coiled in the air, it showed how much fire that could burn a single woman, but before the flame could touch her, there was this transparent shield that blocked it. 
As if the fire hit a wall and the barrier managed to keep Iris saved from harm way, while Zale stood in front of her in his beast form and the head in her hand was still screaming like a banshee. Aria’s wail mixed with the thunderous sound from the dragon’s roar. 
Even though the flames couldn’t reach her, but the heat of it burned the seams of Iris’s dress, her face turned very red, still she didn’t even blink her eyes. 
Watching this, Decratic smirked triumphantly. He knew Iris would be able to ward off the dragon’s fire. Losing her divine power didn’t mean she lost her power at all, it only turned her power became vicious. 
The ground was shaking when the dragon landed, made a few people toppled to the ground and tremble in fear and when the dragon flapped its wings, all of the monsters, warriors and knights flew away like dry leaves. 
Lou, who was at the outside of Iris’s protection shield was flown a few meters away and kept cursing, because his back hit a big rock and dust covered his face, while Zale was safe enough, since he was standing so close with Iris and was within her protection spell. 
It lasted for more than two minutes, but the damage that this dragon had done, even though the target was Iris, was unthinkable. The dragon had put Cane’s people in extreme disadvantage. Their campsite was no more, right now it was only a bare ground, where all kind of creatures tried to kill the shifters and knights. 
It was hard for the knights to fight in this kind of battle, since they didn’t have a great healing ability, which meant, once they were injured, they would most likely die. Their speed couldn’t even be compared to most of the monsters. 
Therefore, the shifters took the frontline to fight, but in this chaotic situation, it was almost impossible to be in order, neither they had time to organize their form. 
But then, the dragon suddenly stopped attacking Iris and flew to the air, as the creature wailed in pain. 
Apparently, the lycan managed to climb on top of its back and created a hole on its neck when the dragon landed on the ground. The cursed creature took this opportunity to make a close contact, enough to hurt the dragon. 
However, the wound was not enough to take down the dragon and the lycan’s enemy was not this creature, because it let Decratic out of the hook and this devil managed to approach Iris without any intervention, as the dragon flew away. 
"Na..." Decratic called her name intimately. "You are here. Finally, after all this time..." 
Iris stared at Decratic and threw Aria’s head toward him, in which the devil caught it in time, but the moment he touched it, the head melted like a block of ice under the scorching sunlight, leaving small chunk of flashes and blood on the ground and the sound of Aria’s scream finally vanished. 
Aria didn’t have any form to be called as a living being, yet it was still unsure, whether she was still alive or not. But, that was the least of other people’s concern.
"Come here, I will free you from the pain." Decratic stretched out his hand and smiled softly at Iris. He liked the color of darkness that tainted Iris’s eyes. "Come here and take my hand. I will make your suffering ended." 
It was Zale, who reacted first. The beast jumped forward and bit down Decratic’s hand, so hard he actually tore it. 
The beast growled and spat Decratic’s hand, but the devil didn’t seem to be bothered by it. He didn’t even flinch in pain, because the next thing that happened was; he grew his hand back, which left the beast growled even more ferociously. 
By this time, the light of the sun could be seen in the horizon, illuminated the bloody ground, where blood of shifters, knights and monsters mixed together. 
On the other hand, Lou finally managed to kill the monsters that came to him and try to approach Iris when the luna stretched out her hand, she was actually going to take Decratic’s offer. 
"NO! What are you doing?!" Lou roared, he hastened his pace to prevent Iris from touching Decratic, but it was too late. 
Iris grabbed Decratic’s hand and the malice in her eyes turned into a strong killing intention. 
"Die!" Iris hissed viciously, as black wisp surrounded the two of them and strong gust of wind swirled around them two. 
The wind was strong enough to lift dust, rocks and all the things around them. It almost felt like Iris and Decratic were in the center of the eye of the storm. 
"Get away from here!" Lou went to approach Zale instead, but the two of them were being thrown because of the strong whirlwind. This was as strong as when the dragon flapped its monstrous wings. "Damn it! What now?! Where is Cane?!" 
Lou didn’t have any idea what to do right now, as he grabbed a big rock and hid behind it with a small beast in his arms. He held the beast tightly, so it wouldn’t be blown away by the wind. 
"Stop struggling, okay?! Or I will kick your ass!" He reprimanded Zale, who was trying to escape his clutch. If this small beast was blown away, there was a high chance, he would hit a big rock. With how strong the wind was, it was very possible Zale would have a few broken bones or even died. 
The small beast growled, but it stopped struggling against him. 
"Shift into your human form, so you can complain!" Lou chided in annoyance. He was not here to take care of this little brat. 
The merchant tried to see what happened between Iris and Decratic, but it was too hard when his vision was blurred because of the dust and rocks that swirled around them, more so, there was this black wisp that ran so wild, like thousand of vicious snakes that surrounded the two of them. 
In the sky, the dragon writhed in pain as the lycan made several holes in its body and it was unsure since when a beast climbed onto its body to fight with Dexter. The beast was gray in color, which was none other than Redmond. 
He must have stolen the opportunity to climb the dragon’s back when it landed on the ground. 
The dragon was a majestic creature, but still it had its own weaknesses and Dexter was having a hard time to ward off Redmond’s attack, while keeping himself on the back of the dragon. He needed to control this creature! He had spent days with it and he wouldn’t fail now! 
The grey beast dug its claw very deep into the dragon’s back, to prevent himself from falling, as its viciously found an opportunity to topple down Dexter. 
However, unfortunately for Redmond, one of the curses from Dexter hit him hard and fell from the sky. The beast shifted mid air into his human form, because the curse was strong enough, which made Redmond unable to sustain his beast form. 
Seeing that, Eros in his beast form, immediately rushed toward Redmond and tried to give him a soft landing by using his own body, but it was not enough, because it hurt the two of them, while the dragon started to burn everything in his agony to shake off the lycan from its back. 
"Damn it! You are so heavy!" Eros grunted, as he moved his body and checked on Redmond, he had shifted into his human form and watched the flames before his eyes. He was stunned for a second. "I have never seen a lot of fire like this before..." he muttered to himself. 
The strong wind that was created from where Iris and Decratic met, flamed the fire from the dragon, which made the fire spread so fast and burned everything in its wake. 
"Come on! Wake up, Red!" Eros slapped Redmond’s face to wake him up. "We need to get out of here, or else, we will be roasted!" He tried to get Redmond on his feet, as the latter grunted in pain. 
Whatever the curse that Dexter gave to Redmond, it caused him so much pain, as his skin cracked and started flaking off.
###Chapter 818: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (3)
Chapter 818: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (3)
"What is actually going on?!" Alpha Derick was dumbstruck when he saw a living dragon in the sky and even more when he learned what happened in Cane’s campsite. 
They were in the opposite side, but it didn’t mean, alpha Derick stopped caring for the young alpha, after all, alpha Josh was his best friend. He didn’t wish to end up as an enemy to his son. 
"Alpha, what should we do now? Should we go back or continue to go to Diandem pack?" His beta asked him. Complicated look crossed his face. He didn’t think alpha Derick would be able to 
Alpha Derick was having a hard time to decide his stance, but when he glanced at his son inside the carriage, he gritted his teeth and ordered them to keep going to Diandem pack. He needed to meet with the healer or the magic user, who was able to save prince Kellan’s legs, in order to save his son. Both of his children were sick, he couldn’t care less about the war. 
"Keep going!" alpha Derick roared his order. 
"Yes, alpha!" 
Meanwhile, the same report reached Kellan’s ears. He also saw the dragon with his own eyes. Zeke had told him about the masterplan of Decratic, but he didn’t tell him in detail that it would involve a myth creature like a dragon. 
Kellan’s guffaw filled the tent, as he caressed one of his little girl’s head, who was kneeling beside him, as he sat on a comfortable chair. 
Arella was still laying down on the bed, couldn’t move a finger, but tears streamed down her face when she heard what Kellan had done to the poor little girls. 
Kellan didn’t even shy to do it in the same tent with her presence. She was forced to hear the sickening moan from the man that supposed to be her mate and the silent cry from the little girls. Never in million years, she would have thought the respectable man that her father adored the most would be capable of doing something very disgusting like this. 
She was very na?ve and stupid to fall into his trap and his sweet words. Hatred and rage smeared Arella’s heart. The mate bond between them couldn’t even help with how much she felt so disgusted by this man. 
"Great..." Kellan said with satisfaction. "Anything else, Bion?" he caressed the little girl cheek and kissed her head, as the poor little one flinched and this made him smiled. 
Bion was a royal warrior, who had been with Kellan every since he was a crown prince and now he was 
"We received a report alpha Derick is on the way here." Bion glanced at the curly haired little girl, who curled her body and clutched her chest. She didn’t dare to make a sound. 
Kellan frowned because he didn’t see the use for that man to come here at all, more so there was no report about it beforehand. "What for? Why he came here all of sudden?" 
Bion then explained about the emergency letter that alpha Derick had sent by the messenger hawk, informing the prince about Cezi’s condition. 
"Grebis?" Kellan repeated the report. 
On the bed, Arella cried even more in silent. Her brother was her only hope, because her father wouldn’t be able to see past through Kellan’s lie. Arella knew her father so much, she would bet on her life that alpha Derick would believe what Kellan said instead of her words, even if she could speak right now. 
"That the same illness in the Silver River pack, right?" Kellan knew alpha Derick took back his warrior to that pack after he failed to subdue Cane’s warriors and the knights. 
"Yes, my prince," Bion replied and this made Kellan laughed, his laughter echoed inside the tent, which scared the little girl, she curled her body even more, but she couldn’t go anywhere when Kellan’s clutch was on her neck. 
"Great! Great!" Kellan slapped his thigh while laughing. "In that case, it’s only a matter of time for him to die." There was a gleam of satisfaction in Kellan’s eyes when he realized that fact. "Is there any order from the king or from Zeke?" 
"This far, there is no order from either of them," Bion said. He didn’t know the detail, but his prince had been very loyal to the king, which was no other than the former prince Alan. Previously, the two of them were not in a good term, due to the situation they were in. 
"Hm..." Kellan then asked about alpha Colter and Diandem pack. 
"They are still thriving, but it will only be a matter of time before they gave up. They must have been running out of food by now." 
"Hmm..." Kellan kissed the little girl’s head again and then dismissed Bion. He waved his hand casually and then fixed his attention to the little girl again. "Do you want to play with me again, little one?" 
The little girl started to cry when Kellan picked her body up and placed her on his lap. 
"Don’t cry sweet girl. Don’t you enjoy playing with me?" Kellan leaned over and kissed her lips. 
============================ 
The damage the lycan had done to the dragon was massive, as he managed to tear one of its wings and caused the majestic creature falling so hard to the ground, toppled Dexter, who was riding on its back. 
However, the lycan didn’t have time to finish off this dragon when he saw what happened between Iris and Decratic. 
The warriors and the knights couldn’t continue his work either, since the monsters were still a threat for them. Aside from the monsters, they had to move away from where Iris and Decratic were if they didn’t want to be blown away by the harsh wind. 
The sky gradually turned so bright, so you could see clearly what actually was going on and when the lycan crossed the battlefield, everyone witnessed with their own eyes this cursed creature. 
The Serafim was dumbstruck to see the lycan, so did all the knights. This cursed creature shouldn’t be here and just like Decratic, they needed to get rid of the cursed creature too. 
Unfortunately, the situation was not on their favor. 
Abby watched as the lycan killed some of the monsters, as it charged toward the eye of the storm that Iris and Decratic created. 
"Move back to Diandem pack!" Eron said loudly, as he he still supported Redmond, whose skin had peeled off, he was still breathing, but his condition was alarming. "Serafim! Help him! That man cursed him!" 
Abby immediately went to check on Redmond’s condition, while they moved back to Diandem pack, used the pack fortress for their advantage, knowing alpha Derick and his men had left their base there. 
There were not many Celestial Moon pack warriors there, thus it was not hard for them to take down their fortification and used it for their own advantage. 
The monsters that came from the portal was very overwhelming. They needed to close the portal, but the Serafim’s power alone and the five magic users were not enough to do so, especially when Abby was not in her best condition after she absorbed the dark magic. 
Everyone gritted their teeth, the knights went into the pack first, because there was not many of them left, while the shifters fought the monsters in the frontline. 
Faraway from them, Iris and Decratic were still tangled inside the eye of the storm, while the lycan charged toward them. 
Meanwhile, Lou and Zale were nearby, but the two of them couldn’t come closer due to the violence wind that pushed them back. 
"Close the gate! CLOSE THE GATE!" Eron gave an order, while some of the warriors shifted into their human form and put down the gates. 
It was a total chaos, while the sky turned so bright and you could see blood smeared the ground, turned it into the color of red. 
"CLOSE THE GATES NOW!" 
"NO! HOLD ON! OUR WARRIORS ARE STILL OUTSIDE!" 
The warriors had a hard time because they couldn’t use mindlink to communicate with each other when they were in their beast form, thus some of them had to shift back into their human form first before they couldn’t communicate with the other warriors. 
"THERE IS NO TIME!" Cedric roared, he went up to grab the lever, so the gates could be closed, since there were monsters that managed to enter into the pack. 
The knight had an altercation with the warriors, who wanted to wait until all the warriors entered the pack, but if they waited, all of them would be killed, there was no point to retreat behind the fortress. 
A few knights helped Cedric as well. 
Meanwhile, in the furthest area from the gates, Aliana instructed Grace to stay with Ethan, as she, Joel and Finn shifted into their beasts and joined the fight.
Eron came not long after with Redmond and Abby, Liam was still with the Serafim, to make sure she was well protected. 
"What happened with him?!" Abby asked, she gasped when she saw Redmond’s skin, blood had coated the shirt and pants he was wearing. 
"He was being cursed! Do something!" Eron growled. "I will leave him with you!" 
After saying that, Eron shifted into his beast and joined the fray as well. He needed to fight those monsters, or else, there was nothing they could save anymore and in a way, Cedric was right, they needed to close the gates, if they wanted to preserve the remaining of their people. 
Along with Joel and Finn, Aliana fought some beasts, she charged forward to look for her brother, who unfortunately, still outside of the gates. Jace fought a Brinetallon with Zephyr and Dean. The three of them were overwhelmed and it was clear to see they sustained a great injuries too, because their movement was getting so slow. 
Aliana charged forward, she couldn’t stay still and witness her brother’s death, especially when the gates were slowly closing down. 
But, Pax blocked her. Both of them were in their beast form and it was obvious that Pax didn’t want Aliana to go out there and risked her life, but how could she let the only family she had to die without doing anything? 
However, Pax was surprisingly very strong, he pitted down Aliana’s beast to the ground, as the gates closed and the last thing Aliana saw was Jace’s beast flew in the air when the Brinetallon hit him so hard. 
Aside from the three of them, there were still dozen of warriors out there, who had to deal with so many monsters, even a miracle wouldn’t save them if they didn’t open the gates now. 
"GET OFF ME!" Aliana roared to Pax, while the other warriors inside the fortress fought some of the monsters, who managed to enter. Those monsters were not a threat, as their number was not many. 
Pax immediately released Aliana and shifted into his human form too, he thought she would hit him or slap him, as he was ready himself to accept that. He knew how Aliana felt right now, this was a hard decision, but he needed to do it, in order to save more people. 
But, instead of having to deal with Pax, Aliana actually went up to where Cedric was, since he was the one, who had closed the gates and hit him so hard, the knight fell back with bleeding nose. 
"OPEN THE GATES NOW YOU IMBECILE!" Aliana screamed on the top of her lungs, her fingers broken because of how hard she hit Cedric, so you could imagine what kind of damage she had done to the knight, but as a shifter, she healed quickly and was ready to throw another punch and broke more bones in his body. "IF SOMETHING HAPPENED TO MY BROTHER, I AM GOING TO KILL ALL OF YOU USELESS PEOPLE!" Her body was shaking with rage.
###Chapter 819: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (4)
Chapter 819: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (4)
Aliana couldn’t imagine what her brother and the other warrior had to go through out there to face countless monsters on their own, while their only escape, which was inside this pack, behind the fortress was being closed. 
"If you don’t open the gates, I am not going to let any of your kind alive to see tomorrow!" Aliana was trembling, as rage ran through her veins. "Mark my words!" 
If her brother died, she was going to kill these useless knights, including the Serafim! She didn’t care about anything else, Jace was the only family left for her and she was not going to lose him in this way! 
She was going to kill all of them or died trying to do it! 
"Watch your word!" One of the knights roared at her, but Aliana growled back, challenged him to stop her. 
"Enough!" Cedric snapped, he straightened his back and wiped the blood from his nose and mouth because of Aliana’s punch. 
The head of the knight approached Aliana, his brows furrowed, but when he talked, he was calm enough, given the fact the woman before him just punched him squared on the face in front of the other knights there. 
"If we opened the gates, the monsters will flood in and all of us will be in danger." Cedric stood within an arm reach from Aliana, as if he was not afraid to be punched again by her. "Do you want me to do that? Is that what you want?" 
"And do you expect me to watch my brother and all of my pack member died out there?!" Aliana raised her voice even more, she was furious. The more they wasted their time in this ridiculous argument, the more danger her brother would be faced out there. 
"So, you will disregard all the people inside of the fortress’s lives? The pack member of this pack too? The gamma’s life too?" Cedric still kept his composure and he knew his words reached Aliana, as she clenched her jaw and glared at him sharply, but she didn’t say anything. 
Aliana then went to the edge of the fortress, where she witnessed the monsters had pitted the remaining warriors that was still outside of the gates. Her brother was one of them. 
Unfortunately, this fortress was too high for the beast to climb it, thus the only way for them to enter was to open the gates again, but it would risk thousand of lives within the pack if the monsters managed to burst inside. 
Aliana gritted her teeth, she looked around and found Joel and Eron had the same argumentation like she had earlier. Dyne came to confront Cedric as well. 
They were in a very difficult situation, while faraway from them, Aliana could see the storm with the luna and Decratic was the center of it. The wind was very strong and if it hit them, no one could tell whether this fortress would be able to stand or not. 
From where she was standing, Aliana had a better sight of everything and watched how the lycan entered the whirlwind and disappeared in the dust. 
Whatever happened there, Aliana wished nothing, but for the luna and the alpha to be alive. They would lose everything if they lost them. 
Meanwhile, Lou was having a hard time to hold his ground because the wind was getting stronger and the power of magic stone depleted pretty fast. 
Zale was holding onto him, the young boy had shifted into his human form. 
The only advantage in this situation was the fact this wind prevented the monster from going after them, so they didn’t need to be worried about that fact. 
However, what happened with Iris and Decratic was still uncertain. 
"Look! That’s the lycan!" Zale pointed his finger at the lycan. "The lycan is the alpha! Have you known about that before this?!" 
Lou didn’t answer him, but Zale assumed this merchant knew about it beforehand and said nothing anymore, as the two of them watched how the lycan jumped into the strong whirlwind. 
It was hard to see what was going on inside, because aside from the dust and the rocks that coiled in the air, the black wisp blocked their sight as well. 
This black wisp was akin to tendrils, a slender threadlike that stretched out and twined around them. 
The first thing that the lycan felt when he entered this was... misery. He felt a lot of pain. Not physically, but he felt this strong feeling of sadness and rage at the same time. This feeling was very strong, it brought the lycan down and forced him to shift back into his human form. 
Lu tried to open his eyes to look for Iris and his red eyes caught the sight of her. She was sitting on the ground, staring at Decratic, who was standing in front of her, but her dark eyes filled with emptiness. The same gaze that he had seen ever since she absorbed the black magic and succumbed into her won agony. 
Lu tried to call for her, but his voice was swallowed by the sound of the wind around them. 
Decratic, who finally noticed his presence there tilted his head and smirked at Lu. His smile was the kind of smile that saying; he won. He won this game. He had Iris, Na in his hand. 
Right now, Iris had succumbed into her deepest, darkest memories and she would be there forever. She would stay there indefinitely, trapped in her pain with no chance for her to recover. Her heart had been tainted, she lost her divine power and the five swords that contained the purest of her power had gone, they had been broken too. 
There was no power that could reach her. 
"Look at him, he is the man, who has hurt you." Decratic caressed Iris’s cheek and made her looked at Lu. "That’s the man, who had forced himself and didn’t even do anything when his pack member stoned you." 
Decratic reminded Iris of what Cane had done to her in the first time they met. When his heart still filled with revenge and there was nothing else he wanted, but to avenge everything he had gone through. 
"Do you remember how he raped you?" Decratic caressed iris’s head, while the stoic expression on her face cracked. Iris remembered everything. 
All this time, she had not yet been angry enough for what Cane had done to her. Whether it was because of her nature to avoid any confrontation, or it might be Na’s involvement, since the first Serafim didn’t want Iris to dwell in the negativity, so in her mind she downplayed the traumatizing event that happened to her. How Cane had hurt her so bad, but she accepted him readily, even helped him willingly. 
Or maybe, it was not only Na’s doing, but Lu as well, as the lycan used the mate bond that was created between Iris and Cane to make her softened up, since the bond between mate was very strong, so it was hard for Iris to really hate Cane. After all, it was the lycan, who actually marked her. 
It happened during one of the new moon, when Cane shifted into his lycan and Iris found him by accident. 
"Do you remember how he have never punished Aria when that woman constantly harassed you?" Decratic whispered to Iris again, fueled her anger and hatred even more. "What about when his pack member stoned you? Have he ever punished them for doing so?" 
Lu could feel Cane wanted to resurface, but he pushed him back. Rage could be seen in Lu’s red eyes, the same anger that Cane had right now. 
It was very clear to see Decratic wanted to make Iris succumbed even more into the darkness, buried herself into this loop of hatred and misery. 
"Do you remember when he ignored your pleas?" Decratic smirked. "Without the mark from the lycan, do you really think he will choose you? Without the Blue Moon pack that you inherited, do you really think he will really take you as his luna? What about his pack member? Have you forgotten how much they hated you even though you have done everything to help them?" 
Decratic leaned over and kissed Iris’s cheeks and helped her to stand up. 
"What about the time when his people looked down on you, thinking you are not compatible for their alpha? Don’t forget about the way they stared at you with disgusting look." 
Decratic hugged Iris from behind, as the two of them faced Lu. The devil kept whispering to her ear. 
"What about the time when he brought back Sofia and said nothing to his pack member, knowing what kind of backlash that you will get from them. How bad they will treat you. He didn’t even clarify about the baby in his stomach. For what? Don’t you think he only use you after all this time? After what you have sacrificed for him and how silly you look like to desperately get an acknowledgement from him when all he did was hurting you over and over again." 
"Iris!" Lu called for her. He growled viciously when Decratic kissed his woman and hugged her. "Na! Bring her back!" 
"Do you really think you can have her now, lycan?" Decratic shifted his attention to Lu now, his eyes shone brightly, he was filled with victory. "You can’t have her in the past, you will not have her now too." 
The wind around them became even more vicious, as it slashed Cane’s body, the small incision littered his skin and tore his shirt, but thanked to his healing ability, it didn’t bother him much. 
Lu used his black wisp, but Iris used the same thing to fight him, which left him dumbfounded. How far Iris had lost herself right now? 
Lu then felt this uncomfortable feeling. Iris was trying to squeeze his wolf spirit, attempting to kill him, but because it was him, instead of Cane, it didn’t have the same effect. 
"Let her go," Lu said firmly. He walked closer toward them, ignored the fact the vicious black wisp that tried to take him down. 
This was the power that he gave to her, just in case, Na came to the situation, where she lost her divine power, so she could protect herself, this was also a symbol that he would always with her, but who would have thought they were in this situation right now. 
"Let her go, Decratic." Lu was closing the distance between them, he looked exceptionally calm, as he suppressed Cane’s desire to take over his own body, but because Iris pitted down his wolf spirit, the alpha was not strong enough to do so. 
"Sure. Do you really want her?" Decratic let go of Iris, he actually gave a light push to make her fell into Lu’s arms. 
However, Lu’s expression changed, once Iris was in his arms, because he felt this sharp pain in his chest and when he looked down, Iris had stabbed her, using the white dagger that Cane gave her months ago. 
Blood trickled down from his wound, but instead of pushing her away, Lu hugged her even tighter and buried his face against the crook of her neck. 
Meanwhile, Decratic guffawed to see this sight, he looked so happy to make the two of them hurting each other. 
"I don’t think she wanted you anymore!" Decratic cackled. He felt very satisfied with this result. Now, he had tainted the purity of the Serafim, he could have her. All of her... 
Yet, something that Decratic didn’t expect to happen was when Lu bit down Iris’s neck, where he put his mark on her. 
Lu bit Iris on the same spot he marked her that night. This was a shield. This was his last resort to get his woman back! 
If she couldn’t find her way back, then he would walk her...
###Chapter 820: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (5)
Chapter 820: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (5)
Aliana watched how one by one the warriors met their demise and the roaring sound from the monsters became even more vicious. She was trying so hard to compose herself, thinking of a solution of how they could get them into the pack without endangered the people inside. 
Meanwhile, behind her, Joel, Eron and Dyne were still having an argumentation with the knights. 
"You can decide that easily because it’s not your people out there!" Joel was furious. The young warrior was ready to throw a punch or two to these knights. 
"Don’t you feel embarrassed to hide behind our back and retreat safely, while my people still out there?!" Dyne couldn’t hold back his anger and Eron said the same thing. He wanted to snatch the lever, but three knights blocked their way from coming closer to it. 
"If you don’t move aside, I am going to kill you before those monsters killed my people!" Eron snapped. 
"Don’t you hear what I said before?! We can’t open the gates! The monsters will enter the pack too! You will risk a lot of people’s lives!" Cedric was frustrated. His eyes were bloodshot red and to be honest, he was indeed embarrassed because his knights couldn’t help much in this battle. He indeed realized, he and his knights had been looking for shelter from the warriors during their retreat to this pack without even they realized it. 
"Then you and your knights could prove your worth for once! Go out there and fight them all!" Joel’s rage was not something that you could see every day. 
Thankfully, before the situation escalated even more, as Otis came to join with altercation, Aliana noticed something in the distance. 
It was hard to see it among the dust and countless monsters, but under the bright of the sunlight, its white fur was indeed eye catching enough, especially when this bear brought more bears with it. 
"Lil Thing?" Aliana muttered. She remembered the last time she saw this creature, it was only the size of a stuff animal, but right now, Lil Thing had returned to its huge size. 
Not only that, it brought around hundreds of bears with it too. 
Bear was a mere animal, not a monster, but their strength could be compared to some of the monster, especially when this animal became very aggressive. During the winter they would hibernate, this season was when they came out from their hibernation, but it would always be a mystery how Lil Thing managed to gather this huge number of bears with it. 
"Stop it! Open the gates!" Abby suddenly appeared to stop the argumentation, she looked a little bit pale after she took care of Redmond’s curse, which thankfully was within her mean to expel it, but it drained her energy so much. The salamander was in her arms, the size of this creature was as big as a puppy now. 
"Serafim! We can’t do that!" One of the knights protested, he started to tell her what would happen if they opened the gates and she shouldn’t make a rush and an impulsive decision. 
"I am the one, who gives you an order and you must obey me!" Abby roared, while Liam walked behind her, he didn’t say anything, but the look on his expression would tell you that he was not happy with Abby’s decision too, yet he kept silent. 
"Serafim..." Cedric came forward and tried to persuade her, though he could feel his persuasion would meet with rejection. The determination in Abby’s eyes was very clear, she didn’t leave a room for a negotiation. 
"I said, open the gates, now!" Abby enunciated every words clearly, she could feel the salamander coiled its body in her arms. 
Right at that time, Aliana shouted from the fortress, telling all the warriors to retreat to the gates, as they were going to open it. She watched as the beasts moved back, though it was not easy, since the monsters kept fighting them. 
After that, Aliana went down to where Abby and the rest were. "Open the gates!" She demanded when she saw Cedric was still hesitated. "There is reinforcement!" she said urgently. 
"Reinforcement?" 
All of them stared at her as if she was saying something very silly. They didn’t have reinforcement. The only reinforcement they had was more knights from the Holy Kingdom, but they wouldn’t be here until a few weeks later and alpha Colter’s warriors were still trapped inside Diandem pack with Kellan’s warriors surrounded them. 
"Look out there!" Aliana shouted, telling them to climb the fortress and see for themselves what happened behind the gates. 
After that, Aliana took the leadership and gave orders to all the warriors to be ready at the gates, as they needed to kill the monsters that managed to enter right away. 
"Where is the magic user!?" Aliana looked around. 
Four magic users came forward. One of them had died during their retreat and even though four magic users wouldn’t make a significant contribution, but they could buy them some time to deal with the monsters. 
"Serafim, please make a good use of the lizard," Aliana said, she had seen what the lizard could do, it would be a great help if Abby could use it as good as the luna did. 
"Okay," Abby replied, but she frowned slightly. This was a salamander, not a lizard though... 
Within less than three minutes, everyone was already in their position. From behind the gates, they could hear more vicious roars, as if there were more additional monsters that came out of the portals. 
However, that was not the case, only Aliana and some of the people, who currently looked out from the fortress that realized what kind of reinforcement Aliana meant. 
"Open the gates!" Aliana roared her order and then shifted into her beast. 
============================ 
When Lu marked Iris, he created the connection between them. After all, mate bond was another form of connection between two shifters, who supposed to be with each other until their last breath. 
Mate bond was a sacred thing, but the sanctity of it was tainted for decades. A male shifter should only live for one woman, but it didn’t happen in this continent. The previous kings had changed the tradition and if you drew a line back, you would be able to see that the influence of the Decratic’s worshipers had been around for a long time to destroy the sanctity of it. Deliberately used this continent as the place he would be revived again one day. 
This continent was very filthy, where abominable and loathsome act were treated as a common thing. Most shifters lost their morals and minds, creating a perfect place that suit Decratic the most. 
Especially now when the five divine swords that Na had created had gone, since she could no longer preserve the purity in her heart and started killing people, when she succumbed so deep into the darkness, where hatred, sadness and misery and all the negative feelings involved. 
That was why, this was the last resort for Lu. He forced the connection between them again. fixed the bond that he had created. 
Iris screamed in pain when Lu bit the mark on her neck again. The pain was almost unbearable and she struggled in his arms, but Lu didn’t let her go, despite the dagger in his chest, he didn’t let go of her. 
Na... 
Lu kept calling for her. 
While Cane tried to reach his mate. 
There was this blinding light that erupted from Iris’s body, sending a great shockwave to her surroundings that Decratic didn’t even expect at all. The devil was thrown away because of the magnitude of it, so did Lou and Zale, as the rock where they were hiding was broken into pieces. 
The merchant desperately used his protection spell to protect the young boy and himself from the effect. This was even greater by a hundred folds than the backlash from Abby. 
Lou couldn’t see clearly, neither he knew what was going on and why the backlash happened. Yet, he didn’t have time for that, because he needed to focus on saving himself, or else, he would die in the tangled of this strong energy. 
Dang! Iris was very powerful! 
But, it didn’t go unnoticed by him when the howling wind mixed with Iris’s scream, she was in so much pain and it hurt Lou and Zale to hear that. They had this impulsive urge to come and look for her, but it was not easy with their current situation. 
Iris felt this pain. She was struggling to get away from Cane, but she couldn’t. His grip on her body was very strong, despite the wound on his chest. 
Iris blinked her eyes and saw her surroundings for the first time. 
All this time, she felt like her body moved on its own, while she was hiding behind a curtain. The world around her was not clear, she felt like she was going to sleep, yet she still could hear what happened, though all of those noises didn’t make her wanted to go out of her slumber. 
And this excruciating pain snatched her consciousness, forced her to open her eyes for real and she saw how the world had turned into blinding light, while someone kept calling her name. 
This was a familiar voice. The sound of it could calm her nerves, she could easily say, this was her favorite sound. 
Gradually, Iris could feel the warm of the body that hugged her. Calmed herself down and brought her back to reality. 
Yet, there was this disturbing feeling that gnawed in her heart the more her world became clearer and she dreaded to face it. 
"Iris..." 
That voice called her name again and this time, she looked for it... 
At the same time, the same thing didn’t happen to Cane. He felt the world caved in on him and his surrounding turned into a darkness. 
The commotion and the howling sound of wind gradually dissipated and vanished. It was very silent here. He didn’t know where he was and why he was here, but slowly, as he walked away to look for something that he didn’t even know, he heard this soft sobbing. 
Out of instinct, Cane followed the sound and it led her to a little girl, who curled her body on the dark floor. Everything was so dark, but weirdly, Cane could see this little girl clearly, as if her little body emanated her own light. 
This girl had her curly auburn hair covered her face. Her hair was so long and a little bit messy. 
The sound of her sad cries hurt his hear. Eventually, Cane knelt down and caressed her head. She looked familiar, but he couldn’t remember where he saw her, or if she resembled someone important in his life. 
"Why are you crying?" Cane asked. He caressed her trembling back and the little girl put down her hand. A pair of blue eyes that stared back at him was the most beautiful eyes that he had ever seen. But, those pretty eyes wetted with tears. 
The little girl blinked her eyes and a fat tear streamed down her chubby cheek. She pouted her lips and looked around her. She flinched when Cane wiped away her tears. 
"Why are you crying? Don’t cry." Cane found himself talking very softly to this adorable little girl. 
"People hurt me," she said. Her voice was hoarse, it filled with sadness and fear. "Are you going to hurt me too?" 
"No." Cane immediately shook his head. "I will not." 
The little girl pursed her lips and scrunched her brows. "You are a liar. You also hurt me." She pushed away Cane’s hand. "You hurt her." 
"’Her’?" Cane frowned. "Who?" 
"Her." The little girl emphasized her word. 
And their surroundings changed. It was no longer the darkness and silent, but they were inside a room. Someone was screaming, begging the other person to stop.
###Chapter 821: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (6)
Chapter 821: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (6)
Cane knew this was not real, but what he was witnessing right now had happened in the past. His surrounding would change depended on what moment Iris’s memories took him. 
At first, he saw a little girl, playing alone on her own. She couldn’t hear her surrounding, but her beautiful blue eyes filled with curiosity. 
Iris was two years old when Mason hit her for the first time, or at least, that was how she remembered it. 
The little girl stretched out her arms, her eyes lit up when she saw Mason was approaching her. She had been neglected by people around her and no one wanted to play with her, thus when she saw Mason gave an attention, she looked excited. 
Her smile was very adorable when she raised her arms, asking for Mason to pick her up, but instead that little boy was cruel enough to kick her in the chest, her little body hurled across the room. 
There was no sound here, not even Mason’s voice or her cry. It was very silent. 
Only later on Cane realized why he couldn’t hear anything. It was because, this was Iris’s memories; at that time, in her world, there was no sound. Her world was very quiet, it was terrifying. 
For a shifter, who had keen senses, losing one of your senses was very unsettling. 
However, this was how Iris’s world until recently when she finally gained her ability to hear. Na was part of Iris’s misery, but then in a way, it helped her not to hear all the horrible words that people threw at her all the time as she grew up. 
Cane watched how Mason bullied her, harmed her and how her trauma of dark place started. 
Mason locked her in the attic. If it was not him, it would be alpha Gerald. That young boy started to whip her when she was six years old. 
Cane watched how Iris trembled in fear when the only friend she had, the stable boy that she had told him, was being killed right before her eyes. 
Once again, Na reduced the pain, she made her forgot about that event for a while, until Iris regained that memory back, once the agony had subsided. 
After that... Kellan. 
God. If you did exist, how could you create such abominable creature? Even a monster deserved to live more than him. How could you create such shitty and broken person? 
Cane watched everything that little Iris had to endure, while no one knew about it. No one was aware of what Kellan had done to him. 
Yet, Cane was wrong. Mason knew and he did nothing. 
He felt anger boiled in his veins, but in these memories, he could do nothing. He was here to witness this. His feet rooted to the ground. He couldn’t even move his body to comfort that little girl, who was curling herself under the bed, crying silently after Kellan was done with her. 
God. How could you be so cruel to innocent child? 
The memories about Kellan were the hardest for Cane to witness and he needed to thank Na to erase those memories from her mind. He didn’t wish for Iris to remember a second of it at all. 
But, in reality, those memories returned and he disgusted with himself when he realized, he was one of the reasons why she remembered it. His curiosity and his shitty tests to bring those memories back to her was what to be blamed for. 
And yet, Iris had never mentioned it, not even once. She had never blamed him for that. 
Cane ruined Na’s protection to keep her safe from that horrendous trauma that could scar her for life. 
This kind of trauma was the same like; you survived a massacre, but then you have to live with permanent injury, a disability, something that you would carry for the rest of your life. 
The next thing that happened was when his Blue Moon pack fell into alpha Gerald’s hand and his pack member became his slave. 
Cane watched how Iris stared at them when they were being dragged toward the dungeon. There was this fear in her eyes. She was a mere ten years old little girl when that happened. 
But this little girl had helped all of his pack member to survive during those gruesome ten whole years. She endured the whips that came from Mason. Every scar on her body afterward was because she helped them. 
Every tear that fell from her beautiful eyes when Mason locked her inside the attic, in the darkness was because she helped them. 
And every fear she had whenever she defied Mason and her father’s order to send food to his pack member was because she helped them all... 
And yet, despite everything, she kept doing it for ten years. 
She was only a helpless little girl herself, who was being shunned away and mistreated so badly by her own father and brother, but still the fire in her eyes to help them didn’t subside at all. 
Not even once Iris showed herself in front of them, she only stared at them from afar and asked a handful people that she could trust to figure out how else she could help. 
She did that because she knew, if they learned those helps came from her, they wouldn’t accept it and Cane could be certain that was what would happen. 
She was very young, but very mature at the same time. She was a sweet and smart little girl, who grown up into a beautiful, bright and wise woman. 
However, what broke Cane the most was when he managed to conquer Blue Moon pack and this little angel was within his palm. The way he treated her in the beginning of everything made Cane sick of himself. 
He almost let her died in the dungeon. The place was dark enough, it would trigger her trauma. He forced himself into her. He let Aria did whatever with Iris and not even once he punished her, even when she was announced as his luna, his pack member treated her like a scourge and he did nothing about it. 
Once again, Na downplayed Iris’s pain for what she had gone through, because she needed to keep her heart pure, away from rage and vengeance. 
Cane witnessed Iris’s fear and pain when they stoned her, yet all she wanted was to help them... again, despite how bad they treated her. 
Still, he did nothing to help her, neither he punished his pack member for the way they treated their luna. He saw how Hanna desperately told them it was her missy, who had fed them all in their darkest period of time. 
Why he didn’t do anything? He was being very sceptical with her. 
At that time, Cane still saw Iris as Gerald’s daughter, as a pawn to keep Blue Moon pack in check. But, he needed to admit that the mate bond between them, softened their feeling. 
Without it, there was no way Iris would fall for him that easily after everything that she had gone through because of him. How could she fall for someone, who had assaulted her? 
Cane felt like he was no different from Kellan, who took advantage and hurt this pure woman. 
He took her innocent in the worst way possible and he tortured her without him even knowing it, because he was too busy with his own vengeance. He couldn’t care less about anything else. 
Cane thought, watching what Kellan had done to Iris was the worst part of her memories, but as it turned out, watching the way he raped her was the worst. 
That memory was even so hard to remember. The cruelty that he showed toward the woman, who had helped them all, who helped him all this time. 
He only added scars to her wound and an apology wouldn’t enough to cover it. It was very hard to watch how he let out his anger and tortured her in such a way. 
If he could turn back time, he would hug her and tell her that she was safe now, that everything would be alright. She didn’t need to be afraid anymore and she wouldn’t be alone... 
Cane saw how she walked naked when he took her to the welcoming party when all the alphas and the king attended. 
How those filthy alphas salivated upon seeing her and how they touched her and Cane didn’t do anything, as she cried, confused and scared. 
How disgusting he was. 
Obviously, that was not the last time he hurt her with his ignorance and after all he put her through, she still had a heart to give him. A love so pure for him. 
She gave him babies, making him a father again... 
And then, Cane finally reached to this devastating moment, where she lost her babies. 
The pain when she gave birth to their babies and even more when she learned Chrystal couldn’t make it, one of the babies died. 
The guilty feeling that rendered Cane unable to breath. The pain that he had never felt before. The physical pain and emotional one that he couldn’t comprehend how Iris was able to endure this. 
And then she lost Rora. 
Everything that Cane saw became meaningless. He watched everything in motion, but he didn’t feel like he was in the right place. He didn’t feel like he was there at all. 
Was this how Iris felt? 
The pain was too much, it turned him numbed. This numbness was not a salvation, but also a torture. The numbness made you thinking the reason of your existence and why you were here in the first place, why do you need to live after you couldn’t feel anything at all. 
However, a moment later, after such a numb feeling, he was overwhelmed by sadness and then anger. The feeling was very strong. 
Cane watched how Iris told him how she hated him, but in truth, she hated herself. She hated everything around her, she hated the way she felt. 
And then, that numbness returned again and she felt out of this world. Everything became meaningless one more time and the circle continued... 
Emotional turmoil repeated over and over again, changing every few minutes or hour and it left her exhausted. 
There was a day when Iris felt so hard to even lift a finger, but there was also a moment when she felt she wanted a revenge and killed the people around her. But then, the feeling shifted again, as she missed their daughters terribly and blamed herself for everything that happened. 
The next image was when Cane found her in the attic. 
Iris felt so numb and she was desperate to feel something. She confronted her trauma, but it didn’t make her feel any better. 
"See? I am so hurt. She is in so much pain..." 
Suddenly the little auburn girl appeared beside Cane again, as she pointed her finger at Iris. She pursed her lips and tears welled in her eyes when she spoke again. 
"I don’t want her to be hurt... why people keep hurting her?" 
The girl resembled Iris when she was only six years old. She was wearing a simple blue dress, which the color matched her eyes. 
"What should I do to make her stop being in pain?" Cane asked softly, he bent down his body and caressed her cheek. "What should I do to apologize to her?" 
The little girl blinked her eyes and then stretched out her arms. This was the same gesture that Cane had seen when she saw Mason, thinking her brother would give her some comfort, but as it turned out, he gave her more pain than one could imagine. 
"I want a hug..." the little girl said. "I am scared..." 
Cane knelt down and pulled her small body for a hug. He caressed her back gently, as she snuggled against him. 
The little girl clutched his shirt tightly.
###Chapter 822: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (7)
Chapter 822: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (7)
Iris found herself staring at the blinding light that surrounded her with Cane hugged her tightly, but when she closed her eyes, the sound of howling wind dissipated and the warm embrace of Cane disappeared as well. 
She felt like Cane had suddenly vanished and this prompted her to open her eyes and found herself in a battlefield. 
She was in the middle of a war! 
Iris was scared to see countless beasts fought against each other viciously and the knights swatted their swords like crazy, while the magic users used their magic to create defensive shield and protect them from enemy. 
In the distance, Iris could see Cane’s black beast, fighting viciously against five beasts at the same time or Redmond’s grey beast. Iris caught a sight of Jace, Aliana and Ethan’s beast as well. 
However, no matter how gruesome the battle and how crowded the field, none of them paid attention to her, neither they attacked her. It almost like she was invisible. 
But then, the image changed. The war was over and some of the beast had shifted back into their human form, they looked exhausted, all of them, as they looked for their fellow comrades, who was still alive or buried the death. 
The ground smeared with the color of blood, dead bodies littered the ground. Cane could be seen among them, leading his people for this gruesome assignment. 
The alpha’s expression was stoic, but you could feel his anger and rage when you saw his eyes. He clenched his jaw tightly when he found one of his warriors died during the cruel battle. 
Iris could feel how it broke Cane’s heart. The pain of losing the people that had stuck with him since the beginning and prepared their funerals. 
Cane blamed himself for each death of his men and Iris could feel it. Her heart ached for him. She wanted to touch him, but all she could do was standing rooted in her place. Somehow, she knew, she was here to watch and feel every turmoil that Cane felt. 
He was not as stoic and emotionless as he tried to show to the world. His heart shattered. 
But then, when Iris thought Cane’s expression would never change, in the distance, Dean came to approach him, he brought a letter to him and when he read the contain of it, there was this small smile on his lips. 
Iris recognized the letter. It was her letter. She had written for him, but he had never replied. She had complained about that and made a fuss. 
After reading the letter, Cane put it carefully inside his pocket pants, his eyes softened. 
And now Iris realized why Cane couldn’t reply to her letter and why he didn’t want to be distracted, because everyone needed him. 
Literally, Cane was the mastermind behind all of their attack plans and they needed his instruction, not only he had to lead the shifter, but he needed to give Cedric some pointers where he put his man and what to do with the situation. 
Cane couldn’t afford to be reckless. He looked exhausted and barely slept, but before he could get the rest he needed, another battle was right before his eyes. 
Despite that, her letter always managed to make him smile and soften his eyes, though he didn’t reply it Iris could feel his longing for her and his urge to go to her and ditch everything. So, his action not to reply to her was his last attempt to keep focus on what was going on. 
Iris was not sure why she was here, but everything that she was seeing, played backward. 
After the battle, she was presented by the moment, where Cane had to say goodbye to her before he left for war and then the scene in the attic, in the Blue Moon pack, where he found her there. 
Iris felt his pain to see her in such condition. 
And in spite of all the things he had to take care of, he still had so much love to give to her. He took care of her, even though he was in so much pain himself. 
"I am sorry..." Iris whispered to herself when she watched how Cane snuggled to her, looking very defeated. 
"I am sorry..." Iris said it again when she heard herself telling Cane how much she hated him and it broke his heart even more, but his touch always as gentle as ever. "I didn’t mean it." 
Iris was not the only one in pain when she lost their babies, but Cane too. He was the father of their children after all. 
But, with everything that was going on, Cane didn’t have time to mourn and what worse was when the only person to share his grief was not in the state where she was emotionally stable. 
Not only Cane didn’t have time to mourn, but he needed to be hurt and be in so much pain to see his mate in the brink of craziness. 
Cane endured everything alone silently... 
How much pain that he had to go through at this point. How many time he had to break his own heart, gather the pieces and then kept going? 
His heart was not made of rock and even if it was, that rock must have turned into dust by now. 
Iris was not the only person, who was grieving, Cane too. He also lost his children and even though it was not the first time, it didn’t make thing easier. No death was easy to the people, who was left behind. 
This road should be walked by them together, but instead, Cane walked down this road alone when Iris forgot everything, when she forgot about their death daughter. Cane had to grief all over again for that. 
But still, he chose not to say anything, because he didn’t want to see her in so much pain. He would be grieving for both of them. 
And like usual, he carried everything on his own without any complain. 
The depth of his pain was unfathomable, yet he kept going, dragging a long trail of wound behind his back to move forward, carrying the responsibility as the alpha, because countless lives was on his shoulders if he felt. 
And once again, he had no time to grief properly. 
"I am sorry..." Iris broke down crying when she watched how Cane carried Rora in his arms and buried her on his own. 
Cane didn’t show it on his face, but right now, Iris felt all of his pain. This was the kind of pain that would kill you and turn you insane. Iris was physically ill when she felt it. 
How could someone endure this so much pain and didn’t die? She felt like dying now, but in front of her eyes, Cane didn’t show any emotion at all on his face. 
How deep he buried his feeling? Hid it, so not a single soul could learn about it? 
"Cane... I am sorry for leaving you alone..." Iris should be there with him, standing by his side and shared the burden, the grief, the responsibility and everything in between, but she was not there... 
And once again, everything was played backward to the death of Chrystal. Cane also carried the baby in his arms. Feeling the coldness of her small body and stared at his death daughter. 
There was no expression on his face, but there was a great tempest within him. The baby felt very heavy, because he carried her not in his arms, but in his heart. 
Iris felt all of Cane’s struggle and how he tried his hardest to keep his people away from harm, but their situation made it impossible and death after death couldn’t be avoided. 
Everything played out from Cane’s perspective and Iris felt all of his emotions. His fear, his sadness, his anger and how complicated everything was. 
Iris watched when Cane assaulted her in the library. She could feel his desperation and ashamed. She could feel how it hurt himself and his ego for not being able to have a child on his own, the thought of it boiled his blood. 
He was enraged by what Iris said. 
But after that, he filled with so much guilt. This guilty feeling gnawed in his heart every time he saw her, though he suppressed that feeling so hard. 
It brought her to the moment when he forced himself into her for the first time. 
He filled with so much rage within him and all Iris could feel was pain because of how angry he was at that time. 
He wanted to hurt someone. Cane wanted to kill everything that related to Gerald. He wanted to get rid of his bloodline. 
It was not Iris that Cane saw when he did that, but Gerald’s daughter, the remaining piece of the person, who had hurt him so much, causing so many deaths to the people he held so dear. 
And after that, Iris learned what riled Cane up so much, what triggered him to hurt her to the point he almost killed her. 
That night, before he assaulted Iris, Cane visited the dungeon first. He met with Mason and everything that came from his mouth was what lit the fire of revenge in his heart. Mason’s words flamed his rage and his thirst for revenge. 
The assault to Iris happened only a few weeks after he managed to take down Blue Moon pack, thus the wound of ten years slavery was still fresh. The memories of those dark times etched in their mind. 
They still licked their wounds, but what Mason said only pour salt on it. 
And then, Cane memories took her to walk through ten whole years of agony when they were still in the slavery. 
The humiliation, the pain, the scar, the agony, the misery, torture and torment that Cane had to endure during those period of times. The death of people he knew, countless people, who died in his arms and how he lost count when he witness his pack member breathed his last while he couldn’t do anything about it. 
The sexual abuse Cane had to go through, or the sexual abuse that his people had to endure. 
The memories were gruesome, bleak. Hope did not exist during that time. 
"S- stop, please..." Iris couldn’t stand it any longer. She didn’t want to see it anymore, but she couldn’t close her eyes, neither she could turn deaf upon hearing those cries, pleas and screams when the people of Blue Moon pack were being assaulted and tortured. 
Iris felt what Cane was feeling and she knew, if it were her in their shoes, she would never forgive Gerald and anyone, who related to him. She didn’t even want to breath the same air with someone, who related to the person that brought hell upon her life. 
Iris witnessed how Cane held a death baby in his arms, while the mother also died during the childbirth and it didn’t happen once or twice. Cane was there during all of that. 
Now Iris realized why Cane didn’t show his emotion openly, he looked like he was emotionless... because if he kept using his heart to face his adversity, he wouldn’t have it anymore. 
What Cane had gone through during the slavery was too much for one person to endure, for one heart to bear. 
Cane used his heart less to prevent himself crumbling, because his pack members relied on him and he couldn’t afford to fall. 
When Iris thought the slavery was Cane’s worst memory, she was faced with the fact when Cane was forced to watch when his pregnant mate was gutted alive and his son was being taken away from his death mother’s stomach forcefully. 
The sound of laughter and mockery when Cane wailed in pain to witness such cruelty. 
God... 
How could you let someone endure so much pain? How Cane was able to live after everything...?
###Chapter 823: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (8)
Chapter 823: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (8)
So many bears that Lil Thing brought along to the battlefield was proven very helpful. Those bears were akin to beast that rampaged through the countless number of monsters. 
And when the gates were opened, the warriors went ahead to fight the monsters, this time more viciously. They fought like there was no tomorrow. 
The injured beasts, who couldn’t fight anymore was immediately evacuated, they were brought inside the pack, so Grace could help them to heal and fight again. There was no time to rest. 
Grace was in the safest place, but it didn’t mean, she didn’t contribute in this battle, she fought alongside them as well. She fought as hard as them too. 
Meanwhile, Abby crossed her limit when she summoned the Sylph to boost the magic user and the Salamander’s power. 
Fire coiled in the air, burned the monsters and turned them into ashes, as the salamander stayed close with her, while the magic user created a barrier of protection, as a safe place to retreat for the warriors and the knights. 
No one was having it easy, but they saw hope and their moral was rather high to see countless bears that helped them. Those bears fought viciously. 
Finally, Aliana managed to get her brother and quickly took Jace to Grace. He was bleeding and one of his eyes was wounded, but she was sure, he was going to make it and that was all that important right now. 
Grace gasped to see Jace’s wound, but she immediately recovered and gained her composure to heal the beta. 
Meanwhile, Redmond was slowly healed, while Ethan’s condition became more stable. The gamma was out of danger, though he was still unconscious, but this was better, because his healing ability was at the best when you rested. 
"What is that?" Aliana narrowed her eyes and from afar, from the direction of the pack house, she saw many beasts rushed forward. 
This was the people from the Silver River pack member. All of them came out of their houses and shifted into their beasts to help in this battle. 
You could see there were a few little beasts too, which meant, even the little ones were also trying to help. 
Aliana was touched, but her heart ached because the young beasts shouldn’t have fought in this battle. Yet, in this chaos, she couldn’t prevent them all from doing so and all she could do was to keep her eyes on them and pushed them back from being too close to the gates as much as possible. 
The clamor shattered the air and the fight lasted for long, until the sky turned dark and the sun set. 
By the time they managed to close the gates again and secured all the warriors, knights, magic users and even the helpful bears, it was already night. 
There were only two magic users, who survived, ten bears, including Lil Thing, which lost one of it ears and its white fur coated with blood and dirt. 
Many knights died too, so did the warriors, but they managed to kill a lot of monsters as well, leaving a few dozen that was still prowling outside of the fortress. 
The warriors, the knights and the member of Silver River pack mingled together, even after the battle was over, they didn’t have time to rest, because there were a lot of things that needed to be done. 
"Aliana, what about the alpha and the luna? I have not yet seen Zale and Lou too," Joel asked Aliana. He looked worried. The last time he saw, the young boy dashed away to follow the merchant. 
Aliana stared at the dark sky and you still could see the eye of the storm in the distance. It was still in the same spot, but if it started to move and head this way, they really needed to be worried, because even with this great distance between them, it was still terrifying. 
"I don’t know..." Aliana said in defeated tone. "I am not sure." She prayed they would be safe. But, after countless prays were left unheard, she didn’t really feel good about it. 
Joel followed Alliana’s line of sight and the furrow between his brows deepened. 
It was a long and horrendous day, the battle that they didn’t expect at all. 
"The Dragon!" 
One of the warriors shouted from afar. 
After the lycan dealt with the dragon and that majestic creature fell from the sky, they forgot about it completely. 
Thankfully, the portal had stopped spitting monsters and now what was left was the monsters outside of the gates. 
"What now?" Joel groaned, he shifted into his beast and went to climb the fortress to check what was going on. 
After the crazy attack from the monsters, apparently, they had to deal with the dragon and Dexter. 
"This is not good..." Otis said to no one in particular when Joel stood next to him. "We can’t afford another battle." 
Let alone fighting a dragon, all the Silver River pack members, warriors and knights were beaten after a long night of fight. 
"Where is Lou? We need him. He is a powerful magic user!" Redmond asked, he looked around and couldn’t find the merchant. He was getting better now and was a little bit annoyed because he had to miss the epic fight earlier. 
"He is out there," Joel said. "I think." He pointed at the eye storm in the faraway. "The alpha and the luna, also the king, all of them are there." 
There was this complicated look in Redmond’s eyes. "We need to focus on how to deal with this dragon." 
"Do you have any idea?" Pax asked. He was too tired to even think the right thing to do. 
"We need the beta," Zephyr said, as he went away to look for Jace. 
Meanwhile, Lou and Zale were thrown quite far away from the eye storm, even so the strong wind was still howling in their ears painfully. 
"The light is dimming!" Zale pointed it out. 
"I know, I can see that too, brat!" Lou replied. 
Zale grumbled a few incoherent things that Lou didn’t even bother to understand, he tried to look into the barriers of dust and rocks also the black wisp that blocked the sight of Cane and Iris, but he couldn’t find anything. 
"I am hungry..." Zale growled. He didn’t eat anything since yesterday and now the sun was almost up again. 
He was used with hunger before, but ever since he followed the luna, he had never experienced this horrible feeling anymore. 
At the same time, Decratic was furious. He just regained his consciousness after was being thrown away from inside the eye storm. 
But right now, he couldn’t even enter it. As if there was a strong protection shield that prevented him from stepping inside. 
This was definitely not a divine power, since Iris had lost it. The five swords had gone. The Serafim’s divine power had disappeared too. There is no way Na could draw her power anymore to fight him. 
Therefore, the only logical thing was; this was Lu’s power. After all, the black wisp was his signature power. 
"This is not right..." Decratic raised both of his hands, as he gathered his power within his palms. 
Everything went so well, just like how he had planned and predicted, but why it went downward when he started to see the end of it? What he missed? What went wrong with his perfect plan? 
Iris shouldn’t have recovered from the darkness in her heart. The misery should have restrained her to see light anymore. 
Thus, how could this turn into the direction that Decratic didn’t predict? 
Decratic couldn’t accept this. He wanted Iris, Na herself, who killed Lu, with that it would seal the pain. She would never recover from that. 
But, why they were inside the eyes of the storm for such a long time and didn’t come out? What was going on with the two of them? 
And what kind of power that prevented Decratic from entering this barrier? 
It was mystery what was happening between Iris and Cane inside the storm, or what Lu and Na were going through there.
But Decratic would never think that his devil act would backfire on him very soon, in a way that he didn’t expect at all. 
On the other hand, inside the storm, not only Iris and Cane, who were experiencing something that was hard to explain. 
Lu and Na went through the same thing. Magic was full with mystery and when Lu and Na’s power collided, it created a world, where there was only the two of them. 
It was dusk, the sky was the color of red, the color that Na loved the most because she thought it was the same like her hair. 
She was staring at the sky from the place she was sitting, the meadow was vast and the wind was not cold enough for her to wear warm cloak and the velvety grass swayed around her. 
Na was having a long, red hair, she had beautiful eyes and when she noticed someone came approaching her, she tilted her head and flashed a beautiful smile at Lu. 
"Come here, sit here with me," Na said cheerfully, she chuckled a little when she saw Lu was staring at her with confusion. "I thought you miss me, I think I am wrong in that matter." 
Lu was dumbstruck. He looked around him, but out of instinct, he started walking closer to Na and sit down beside her just like how she told him to do. "Where are we?" 
"Is that even matter?" Na asked playfully. She was in a good mood and Lu could tell that. 
Lu grinned. "No. It doesn’t matter. Even in hell I will be pleased to have you by my side." 
"You said the same thing again," Na laughed and that was the most beautiful sound Lu had ever heard. "Do you really think I will go to hell?" 
"No." Lu shook his head. "That’s not your place." He stretched out his hand and caressed her cheek. She was real. He could feel the heat of her body on the tip of his fingers. 
Suddenly, Na leaned over and pecked his lips. "I miss you, Lu. It has been a long time since I met you. It’s a long and a hard journey to be here with you again." 
Lu pulled her closer to him and breathed in her scent. She smelled the same. The same scent that he remembered. It was very comforting. 
"It’s really hard, Na..." Lu closed his eyes. "I don’t want to lose you again." 
Na was silent. "Unfortunately, as much as I want to spend this eternity with you, this is not the right time for you to come with me. You need to help them first." 
Lu opened his eyes. He was not happy about that. "I don’t like that alpha." 
"You chose him." 
"Because I sensed you nearby and he is the most qualified person to be with her." Lu pursed his lips. "I am more handsome than him, though." 
Na laughed. This was silly, but this was one of the reasons why she loved to spend her time with him. How she could forget time and talk about anything with Lu. 
"I know you are." Na lifted her head and kissed his chin. "But, my time is limited. I need you to listen to me." 
"I always listen to you." Lu frowned. "Can I stay with you here forever and we forget about everything?" 
"There is no forever if Decratic is still out there." 
"I don’t care about that shitface devil," Lu complained how that devil gave him a headache and he hated his smell. 
Na kissed his lips to stop him from protesting. "Lu, listen to me, okay?" 
"Okay," Lu complied easily. "But can I have more kisses?" 
And Na granted his wish. She hugged his neck and gave him a deep kiss he wanted.
###Chapter 824: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (9)
Chapter 824: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (9)
The light that surrounded Iris and Cane dimmed and allowed Lou and Zale to see Iris and Cane when the whirl of the harsh wind gradually calmed down. 
Decratic narrowed his eyes to see Iris was kneeling down next to Cane’s body. A dagger was on his chest and Iris was still holding on it tightly. She was staring at her mate, whose eyes closed and there was no sign of movement at all from him. 
Cane looked like he was sleeping, but you might think the worst of this situation. 
And that thought crossed Decratic’s mind, as he smirked and approached Iris. Her auburn hair softly fluttered in the wind, her expression remained stoic. You wouldn’t be able to tell what was in her mind at this moment. 
"Well done, Iris. Well done. You have done a great job!" Decratic clapped his hands and guffawed. "You have gotten rid the main problem in your life, you have gotten rid the person that caused you so much pain! WELL DONE!" 
However, suddenly Decratic waved his hand to ward off an attack from his left side. He was not happy with this, but he was in a very good mood, so he didn’t mind to entertain his opponent for a while, before he took Iris with him. 
With Iris in his arms, there was nothing, no one could stop him. Everything would be within his grip and moved according to what he wished. 
"Zale! Take them out of here!" Lou roared, he attacked Decratic with magic, but his style to fight with magic was not really great. His protection shield, his defense magic could be passed as amazing, but his offensive magic lack of fatality. 
Yet, Lou was furious, he was in hurry to get Iris and Cane away from this devil. 
Kneeling beside Iris, Zale tried to talk with her and coaxed her to move. He grimaced when he saw the dagger in the alpha’s chest and wondered whether he had died, since he didn’t move. 
"Luna, let’s get out of here. You need to go!" Zale tugged her sleeves to make her move, but she didn’t budge, she kept staring at Cane and the young boy moved to check on the alpha. 
Zale had started to like this alpha, therefore, he dreaded what he might find out when he checked on him. 
But thankfully, the alpha was still breathing, the dagger missed his heart, but because it made of silver, the wound was fatal for the alpha, maybe that was why he was still unconscious right now. 
"Luna, the alpha is still alive!" Zale announced, hoping the luna would snap out of her own world and returned to her senses. 
Meanwhile, behind him, Lou was fighting Decratic. 
Yet, from the look of it, even a young boy like Zale could tell Lou was having a hard time to take down the devil and Decratic only played with him, since the difference in strength between them was very real. 
Lou wouldn’t be able to stand against Decratic, once the devil decided to become serious. 
"ZALE! GET THEM OUT OF HERE!" Lou roared. If Zale could tell that Decratic was not serious with this fight, let alone Lou. He was mad because this shitty creature looked down on him, but what else he could do when that was the fact. He couldn’t one up him. 
"Luna! Hurry! We need to go now!" Zale tugged her sleeves once again and this time he was not being polite, as he grabbed her arm and tried to make her move. 
However, before Zale could succeed with his task, there was this shrill scream that came from Lou when Decratic clawed his stomach! 
Zale whipped his head and watched in horror when Decratic’s hand penetrated Lou’s stomach and when he retracted his hand, he got a good chunk of the merchant’s flesh. 
"NO! LOU!" Zale shouted when the merchant’s body fell on the ground, blood oozed out from a big hole on his stomach, smeared the ground with dark color of blood. 
Decratic laughed when he watched the merchant was still alive, writhing in pain. He wouldn’t kill him though. It was better to let him lived in pain than to kill him right away. Where was the fun of it. 
He brought his fingers to his lips and lick the blood. The sight of it was very disgusting. His eyes filled with malice when he stepped on Lou’s leg and broke it. 
Again, Lou wailed in pain. He had never been in so much pain like this before, death would be a mercy for him if he could get it now. 
But, unfortunately, he had to endure this agony because that was what Decratic wanted, that was what made him happy. 
The devil walked toward Iris. His eyes fixed on his woman. Yes. She was his woman now. A perfect woman to sit on the throne with him. He had imagined and waited this moment for centuries and now, this was the time to rule the whole realm, starting with this continent. 
"Luna! Please! We need to go!" Zale became panic because the luna was still not moving an inch, while Decratic came closer to them. "LUNA!" 
Iris blinked her eyes, she tilted her head and stared at Zale’s frenzy expression, but it was not enough and it was too late to do something because Decratic was only a step away from them and when he stretched out his hand to get Iris into his arm, Zale bit down his hand so hard, he might as well get a good chunk of his flesh. 
Zale was about to shift into his beast form and fight Decratic with whatever that was left in him, but he felt Iris’s hand on his shoulder and she pushed him back before Decratic could do something deadly to this young boy. 
At the same time, Iris pulled the dagger that had penetrated Cane’s chest. Her bright blue eyes filled with killing intent. 
In one hand, Iris pulled Zale back, but in the other she held the dagger. 
Something happened and no one noticed this, not even Iris when her mind was occupied with a lot of things, but nothing at the same time. She moved her body out of instinct and the darkness in her eyes faded away, as if the fog was being lifted. The birthmark on Zale’s back gleamed under his shirt, emphasizing the shape of it. 
Simultaneously, there was this gentle light when Iris pulled the dagger from Cane’s chest. The light extended the shape of the dagger, making it looked like a sword instead. 
The sixth sword. 
Swiftly, Iris drove the sword against Decratic’s chest, who didn’t expect this to happen at all. He didn’t have time to react with this unexpected turn of event, this also happened very fast and he didn’t have time to process everything when the sword stabbed his chest. 
The soft light from the sword penetrated his body and spread like a firework. His eyes widened in disbelieve when he felt the divine power that rushed in his veins. 
How could Iris still have divine power when all the swords had been broken? How could she regain her sanity when she had succumbed into a deep darkness with no way to return? Her heart had been tainted and the darkness had engulfed her, Decratic was certain about that. 
But, what was this?! 
The only explanation for this was; That night when Iris touched Zale’s birthmark and recognized him as her knight, she had given up some of her divine power, just like how Na left her divine power within the five swords, apparently, Iris had done the same without even her knowing it. 
Yes, Iris didn’t even realize that by touching the birthmark on Zale’s back, she had sealed their fate together, recognizing him as her knight and gave him her divine power. 
For the sixth sword, Na had told her about the existence of the sixth sword that she put on Lu, since the very beginning. 
The world, the Holy Kingdom only knew about the five swords in the Great Shrine, where the previous Serafims used to cleanse themselves from all the negativity and revitalize their divine power, but they were not really aware of the sixth sword. 
Na created the sixth sword in the last minute and put it within Lu, as if she could see something like this might happen. 
Not like the other five swords, the sixth sword didn’t break even after the Serafim was tainted. This was the last resort. 
Iris could feel the sword. It was not like a solid steel, but more like a pure energy, a divine power that was strong enough to break anything, to penetrate whatever it touched. 
Zale widened his eyes, because everything happened in a flash and before he could comprehend what was going on, it had ended. 
Decratic retreated hastily, but he spat a mouthful of blood. His skin turned dry and the place where the sword stabbed him left a hole with the gentle light around it. It almost looked like the light gnawed on his flesh. 
However, before they could see the end of it, the devil had created a portal behind him, where he disappeared into it. 
Iris stood up and watched the empty space, her eyes narrowed dangerously, while the light that surrounded the dagger diminished, turning it into its original shape. 
"Lu... luna..." Zale blinked his eyes, he was not sure how to react, or what to say. He watched his luna from behind and felt this solemn adoration and a deep loyalty toward her. 
"Check on Lu," Iris said, she turned around and threw away her dagger to check on Cane. 
"Y- yes, luna... right away..." Zale said, he clambered to his feet and pick the dagger that Iris had thrown before he checked on the merchant. 
Zale knew Lou was still alive, but he needed to see how bad his injury was. 
While the young boy looked after Lou, Iris knelt down beside Cane again and stared at the stab wound on his chest. The silver did him bad. No matter what, silver was not good for shifter. 
Iris’s eyes turned gentle, as she covered the wound with her palm and healed it. She did it easily, as if she had done this countless time. 
After that, she retracted her hand and you could see the wound had closed in. She caressed his cheek, worriness in her beautiful eyes. "Wake up, Cane. I am sorry to stab you..." she was apologetic. She was drained and didn’t have the energy for more bad news. "I didn’t mean to stab you." 
"You just did," Cane muttered softly before he opened his eyes and stared at his beautiful mate. 
By any mean, dust had coated her cheeks, her dress was torn and her hair was messy, but seeing her beautiful bright blue eyes, was all Cane needed. How much he missed her. 
"I am sorry..." Iris said. She caressed his cheek and lowered her head. "I am sorry..." 
Her apology not only for how she had stabbed him, but for everything. She wanted to apologize for the way she had hurt her, for the way she had left him alone when he needed her the most. Iris wanted to apologize for everything. 
She wanted Cane to know how much she was sorry, she wanted to explain to him that she didn’t mean to leave him alone to carry all the burden, the responsibility, the grief and everything in between. She wanted to tell him how much she loved him even when the mate bond between them had disappeared. 
Cane grabbed her hand and kissed her knuckles. He was barely able to move when all he wanted was to kiss her and hug her. 
"You are the one who is hurt, but also the one who is crying. You are the one who is scarred, bleeding. You are the one with wounds, Iris. I am sorry, I have failed you."
###Chapter 825: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (10)
Chapter 825: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (10)
Hearing what Cane said, hurt Iris’s heart. She cried even more and rested her head against his chest, while Cane caressed her head. He needed some time to regain his strength. 
Everything that happened, had drained the alpha and the weird memories he just walked through left him exhausted emotionally. 
"I have never done anything right for you. The thought of me making you cry repeats in my head." Cane ran his fingers through her hair, while his mate was crying. "I am sorry for making life difficult for you. Giving you more trouble to endure. I am sorry for giving you pain which was so uncalled for." 
Iris shook her head. "Please, stop. You are hurt too... don’t apologize to me..." 
She couldn’t imagine what kind of pain that Cane had to go through to be here and the alpha also felt the same thing, he was very grateful Iris was strong enough to endure everything. 
Both of them had been hurt and had gone through their own hell. Life was not fair and they knew that so well now they had walked every milestone in each other’s lives, they knew their own mate better than anyone else. They knew their pain. 
"I am sorry, Cane... I am sorry for leaving you alone when you needed me." Iris cried her heart out. 
The mate bond between them had broken, but the feeling they had right now was genuine. They cared for each other. They loved their own mate even without the mate bond between them... 
"You never left me, Iris. You are always by my side." That was why he was still alive. 
In their lowest point, Cane had promised himself that he would end his life the moment Iris was gone. Therefore, she had never left, or else, he wouldn’t be here too. 
Iris bit her lip, she clutched his clothes tightly, afraid she was going to lose him. The sound of his heartbeat was really comforting. 
It was a bright afternoon and this long battle had not yet ended. 
Iris and Cane poured their heart, but this was not the right time, their moment was interrupted when there was this vicious roaring from the distance that shook the ground. 
"Luna! The dragon!" Zale shouted, he pointed his finger at the sky, as all of them watched the dragon had healed and was ready for more attack. 
"Sorry for the interruption, but can you heal me? This is fucking painful," Lou groaned, he had never this injured before, the thought that devil got a chunk of his flesh made him sick and right now, his vision had blurred. If he didn’t get the help that was needed, Lou was sure he wouldn’t be able to see tomorrow. 
What a ridiculous way to die.... 
Iris lifted her head and straightened her back, she wiped tears from her cheeks and kissed Cane. "I will be right back."
She then went to check on Lou’s condition. She frowned when she saw how bad he was injured, but at the same time, she also knew that she could heal him. 
"You look more beautiful when you are worry like that." Lou grinned, but Iris told him to shut up. "Oh, you are crying..." Lou pointed tear that streamed down Iris’s cheek. 
"I told you to be quiet," Iris groaned because this merchant talked too much. 
"I hope you are crying for me," Lou said and then closed his eyes. 
Zale was stunned, he stared at the luna and the merchant back and forth, and then watched how Lou’s wound healed very fast, but the merchant didn’t open his eyes at all. 
"Luna... what happened with him...?" Zale asked after Lou’s wound had fully healed, he was afraid Lou was dead. He didn’t like him, but he didn’t want him to die either. 
"He will be fine." 
Zale whipped his head and saw the alpha came approaching them. He looked a little bit pale, but his complexion looked better now his wound had healed. 
"Stay here with him," Cane said and then shifted into his beast form. 
Iris knew what Cane intended to do and give the same order to Zale. He needed to stay with Lou, until someone fetched them. Lou would be fine, but he needed to rest. He was not only injured, but had drained his strength after he used his magic power excessively. 
After that, Iris climbed on the top of the black beast’s back. She did it naturally, since she had done it very often. 
Both the alpha and the luna was heading toward the Silver River pack’s gate, where the dragon had started its attack on their fortress. 
Fire could be seen at the north part of the pack, while the monsters outside of the fortress were waiting to be able to enter their last fortification. 
Iris prayed, they wouldn’t be too late to save everyone. 
From the look of it, there was no way they could fight the dragon, unless this creature descended from the sky and they did the same trick like the lycan had done before and climbed on its back. 
However, dragon was a smart and cunning creature, it wouldn’t make the same mistake twice, more so, there was still Dexter, the magic user, who rode on its back. This devil pawn was reeked of vengeance after he witnessed what Cane had done to his woman, Aria. 
He wanted nothing else, but did the same thing to him. But, before that, he was going to burn down the entire Silver River pack! He was going to kill all the people by Cane’s side, so he would know what kind of pain he was going through right now! 
"Take cover!" Zephyr roared. "TAKE COVER!" 
Fire was everywhere and not only at the fortress area, but the dragon easily burned down the pack member’s houses. This majestic creature spared no one in its wrath. 
"Take cover!" Kian helped the pack member to take cover from being burned into ashes by the dragon, but aside from this, there was nothing they could do. 
And if the monsters managed to enter through the gates, they would be done for. There was only a miracle that could save them all. 
Meanwhile, the two magic users could no longer use their magic. The magic stone with them had ran out and the Sylph that the Serafim summoned had disappeared, since Abby fell unconscious. She had drained her energy and right now, her condition was also very concerning. 
The knights surrounded her and Liam stayed very close with her. 
"Cedric! Bring your knights to the sideline and help the pack member! What are you doing taking a shelter over there?!" Aliana growled angrily at Cedric. 
Cedric didn’t heed what she said. They lost so many knights and now their number dwindled to only around a hundred left, but at this time, Cedric prioritized the Serafim, he was trying to find a way to escape this hellish situation. To keep the Serafim saved until the help from the Holy Kingdom arrived. 
They needed to bring the Serafim out of this continent. This situation was out of their hand. And now, Abby was unconscious, the decision of their movement rested on his shoulders. 
Because no matter what, their main duty was to keep the Serafim safe. 
There was this feeling that crossed the knights’ mind at time like this; if only the Serafim was strong enough, they would win this battle and these shifters wouldn’t look down on them, neither they would dare to order them around recklessly. 
On the side, Grace just finished healing Lil Thing’s ear, the white bear looked pitiful without one of its ear and looked uncomfortable and confused, probably because it couldn’t hear its surrounding clearly, but Lil Thing was lucky to survive. 
"We need to leave this place! The dragon aimed to burn down the whole pack!" Redmond roared to Jace. The beta had healed and currently was discussing their best shot. 
"Do you really thing we can outrun that creature?" Jace glared at Redmond. That was the problem. They couldn’t outrun the dragon, no matter how fast they were. 
And the fact there were pack member of Silver River pack, made it more impossible for them to abandon this fortress. 
"Yeah, but we can’t fight that creature too!" Redmond retorted. He had his point, that was also true. 
And now, they were stuck between rock and hard place. 
Above them, fire blasted and flames licked everything that could be burned, while the gates were shaking. It wouldn’t be able to hold out the monsters out there for a moment longer. 
"That’s the alpha and the luna!" Joel informed them, he climbed up the fortress with the other warriors, in hope they could catch a chance to climb on the dragon’s back, but with no luck. 
However, they caught two familiar figures in the distance. 
Under the light of the sun, Iris’s auburn hair making her looked like she was on fire, more so, who wouldn’t recognize the black beast that she was riding. 
Even from afar, there was no way, they wouldn’t recognize the alpha’s beast. 
"The alpha and the luna are here!" Finn shouted, he announced all the warriors, who was taking shelter from the fire. His face flushed with excitement, his eyes lit up with new hope. 
"Are you sure that’s the alpha and the luna?!" One of the warriors asked. 
Finn growled at him. "Do you think I am blind not to recognize my alpha and luna?!" he snapped back at the warrior, who doubted him, shut him down. 
"What we should do now? Open the gates?" 
Now they were facing with a new dilemma. Opening the gates would make the monsters entered the pack. They were already having a hard time under the attack of the dragon, let alone with additional of a bunch of monsters, but if they didn’t open it, their alpha and luna would die. 
"We need to open the gates!" Joel shouted sternly. 
"Are you crazy?!" One of the knights opposed the idea. "Are you going to kill all of us?!" 
Once again, the argumentation broke between the warriors and the knights, but out there, Iris and Cane were already close enough for the monsters to notice them. 
After trying to take down the gates with no avail, their attentions were shifted toward the two of them and without missing a beat, those monsters charged toward the woman and the black beast. 
However, the black beast didn’t even slow down, if anything, the beast dashed toward them like an arrow, while the woman on its back used her power to purify the black magic that tied the monsters down, preventing the lycan to control them. 
One of Lu’s power was to control the monster, in which he shared the power with Na, in extent to Iris, but because these monsters were under the spell of black magic, he couldn’t do that. 
Iris needed to purify them all first before Lu could take control upon them. 
Iris felt this surge of energy when she gathered her divine power. She became more and more better on holding onto her power right now and could use it as she liked, as if this was in her nature to be able to do so. 
Once the monsters were freed from the black magic spell, all of them stopped emanated killing intent toward Iris and Cane, they actually let the black beast to use their body was the support to climb on top of the fortress with Iris on its back. 
Iris tightened her grip on the beast’s fur when it climbed the fortress by using the monsters, leaving all the people, who witnessed this speechless. 
At the same time, the dragon returned and made an attempt to attack them, but Iris used her protection shield to block the attack. 
The heat of the fire burn the tip of her hair and her dress, without the barrier, both Iris and Cane would have turned into ashes.
###Chapter 826: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (11)
Chapter 826: THE WAR OF DARKNESS AND LIGHT (11)
Using the monsters as the ladder, Cane in his beast form managed to climb on top of the fortress and once the black beast reached the peak the dragon returned, breathing fire, burning everything in its wake. 
The beast then used the ground of the fortress to propel its body toward the sky, while at the same time Iris summoned the sixth sword to slash the Dragon’s mouth, the moment she was close enough with the majestic monster! 
Blood spurted out from the slashing wound and the black beast, once again, used the monsters to soften his landing on the ground, keeping its distance from the writhing dragon in order to protect Iris on its back. 
Black blood from the dragon was like black rain that happened months ago when the Dragon coiled its body and let out a deafening roar. 
Its monstrous body finally fell to the ground, but this monster was still alive. Its tail swatted the fortress and damaged some part of it. The people on top of the fortress were immediately seeking for a shelter. 
"Cane," Iris called for her mate, the sword was still in her hand, she could feel it throb withing her palm, as if urging her to finish this dragon off. 
Understood what his mate needed to do, the black beast dashed toward the groveling dragon. This was their chance to finish the dragon off and kill Dexter. 
Meanwhile, because of the pain, the dragon caused more damage on the fortress if they had to wait longer than this to kill it. 
One hand was holding the sword, the other was gripping tightly on the beast’s fur, Iris’s blue eyes filled with determination. She was going to make them paid for what they had done to her daughters. For the pain that they caused. For everything that Cane and she had gone through. For all the misery they had to endure. 
The protection shield that Iris created around her and Cane, prevented them to be burned by the dragon’s fire, allowing the black beast to charge forward without any trouble. 
And once they were close enough, Iris slashed one of the dragon’s wings and made a deep incision on the dragon’s stomach. 
Once again, blood spurted out like a broken dam from the wound its stomach, making the dragon became even more crazy. 
This was the right moment for Cane and Iris, as the black beast jumped on top of the dragon’s back and Iris aimed her sword toward Dexter. 
The magic user glared at her with so much hatred in his eyes, but it didn’t make Iris flinched at all. 
You wouldn’t be able to compare how much hatred of a mother had, whose babies were being killed. That mother feared nothing, as she had gone through hell to even stay alive after such tragedy. 
The sword gleamed in Iris’s hand and she was ready to get Dexter! 
However, two things happened almost simultaneously before Iris’s sword could strike Dexter’s neck and she got the satisfaction of killing this devil pawn. 
Dexter realized he was in disadvantage situation. He couldn’t fight Iris and Cane at the same time when the dragon was dying and he lost a lot of energy after healing this monstrous creature. 
Therefore, it left him with one option, which was; retreat. 
He created a portal that would take him and the dragon away from this place and the black beast reacted almost immediately once it knew what was going on. 
The alpha jumped quickly from the dragon’s back before Iris could stab Dexter, because if they were being sucked into that portal, they certainly would be in danger. Needless to say, Dexter would retreat to his nest, which was a place that would be too dangerous for Cane and Iris to be in when they had no preparation for it whatsoever. 
Thankfully, the black beast reacted in time and they could escape from being sucked into the portal. 
And now, the gigantic dragon and its rider had disappeared before their eyes within a blink of an eye, leaving behind more destruction on the fortress and the mess that had to deal with. 
The result of it was not satisfying, but at the very least, Decratic and the dragon were injured badly. They wouldn’t be able to do anything in the meantime, giving them time to gather their strength as well. 
Iris was sure, she had badly injured Decratic. She might have killed him, but for some reason, she didn’t feel like it was the real Decratic. 
After all, Abby had told her about it before. She needed to kill the real one, but the one that they faced didn’t feel real for Iris. She couldn’t explain this feeling, but her instinct told her so. 
The sword in Iris’s hand then disappeared and she jumped down from the beast’s back, as the black wolf shifted back into its human form. 
"Are you, okay?" Cane asked, he wiped blood of the dragon from her face. Both of them coated with this disgusting, sticky blood. 
"I am fine." Iris wiped the blood from Cane’s face too. "Are you, okay?" 
"Hm." Cane nodded. 
After making sure the other person was fine, both of them walked toward the gates hand in hand. There was not many word that was exchanged between them, but they didn’t need to. There would be time for everything. They had a lot to talk about, but right now, this silence was way more comfortable. 
Meanwhile, the monsters stood at the other side, didn’t even budge, neither there was any indication they would attack Iris and Cane, which left all of them dumbstruck. What kind of power the alpha and the luna held to be able to control the monsters? 
The gates were opened even before the reached there and Jace led his warriors in their beasts came out, just in case, the monsters became aggressive. 
"Alpha, luna..." Jace called for them. 
"Send someone to fetch Lou and Zale, they are around the campsite area. Take Grace with you. Lou is injured." Though Iris had healed him, but she wanted to make sure the merchant’s condition didn’t get worse. After all, he was not a shifter that could heal on its own. 
"Luna, the fire..." Jace said, beside him, Joel shifted into his human form too. The young warrior stared at the docile monsters and wondered how it could happen. 
"I will take care of it," Iris said calmly, as she walked into the fortress with Cane close to her. The alpha didn’t say anything and Iris could feel he was spent. It was only a sheer of his power to be able to walk with her right now. 
Cane needed rest. She needed rest. All of them needed rest too after such long and exhausted battle. 
Iris raised both of her hand once she was already inside the pack house and the salamander came closer to her. This creature left the Serafim when it sensed iris’s presence.
Meanwhile, the warriors and knights were amazed of what Iris had done to the monsters, because they were very docile. A few hours ago, they were going to kill them, but now even when they were within their reach, they didn’t even budge an inch. 
Iris bent her body down and picked up the salamander, then her body emanated this beautiful light that spread across the pack house, as if there was a gentle white fog that engulfed this burning place, putting off the fire. 
Within less than two minutes, the fire was no more, leaving a mess behind, but it was way better than to have the fire to burn down the entire place. 
All of them gasp and they couldn’t believe with what they were seeing, especially the knights. Their Serafim couldn’t do this, but this luna was able to do so. 
"Let’s go to the pack house, we will gather there," Iris said to Jace. She gave them all order, telling them the monsters wouldn’t attack and to fix the damage on the fortress as soon as possible. 
Meanwhile, Cane said nothing, he let his mate to lead the people and only add one or two things in her order. 
"Can you find two carriages?" Iris asked. 
It was a long way to reach the pack house and she and Cane were too exhausted to take it. More so, Abby needed to rest as well. Iris had seen her condition, she was not in danger, only very exhausted after she forced herself to cross her own limit. 
"Give me a moment, luna!" Joel said, he was thrilled by how things turned out. But, it was not only him, all of them felt the same thing too. 
They thought they would be done for and there would be no more tomorrow for them, but the alpha and the luna came and once again, they felt like everything would be fine... 
The alpha and the luna assumed their roles as their leader and this were surprisingly delightful to see how the luna embraced her status so well. 
While waiting, Iris sat down on debris of large rock with the salamander on her lap. She was quiet. 
"Tired?" Cane asked, he caressed her hair, which now coated with the dragon blood. They were in an urgent need to take a bath. 
"Yes," Iris replied in small voice. She caressed her ran her finger on the salamander’s back, as the creature snuggled against her. 
It took a while for Joel to find two carriages, which was a miracle, knowing how this place was almost flattened to the ground thanked to the dragon. 
"I am sorry, luna, the carriages are not proper, but this is all I can find," Joel said. The carriage had some part that was being burned, but apart from that, it could work just fine. "I have informed the people to prepare your room in the pack house." 
Joel had asked around and was relief when he learned the fire didn’t reach the pack house yet. 
Iris smiled softly at the young warrior, she patted his shoulder. "Thank you so much, Joel." Iris then asked Jace to come with her. 
With that, Iris, Cane and Jace took one of the carriages, while Liam, Cedric and Abby took the second carriage. They went to the pack house. 
Inside the carriage was very quiet, neither Iris nor Cane spoke a word, but they used this time to feel each other’s presence, was grateful they still had one another, despite all the adversity that was served for them. 
Cane kissed the tip of her nose and her neck before he rested his head on her shoulder. 
Once they arrived at the pack house, a few people that had been informed by Joel that the luna, the alpha and the Serafim would come, greeted them and escorted them to their bedroom. 
"I have prepared a bath for you, alpha, luna..." One of the women said, she was the same woman, who served Iris when she was in this pack. 
Iris thanked her and then asked a few questions to Jace, Cane also did the same, as the beta explained everything concisely. 
They learned Ethan was fine and Redmond was here, about how many warriors that had died, Jace couldn’t give them an exact number before he checked first. 
Cane then instructed Jace to coordinate with the knights and the pack member of Silver River pack to fix the fortress and check on food storage, how much they had. He gave some instruction more until Iris cut him off. 
"You will be in charge, Jace. Do what you think is necessary. Cane and I need to rest," Iris said in calm voice. 
They had gone through the worst memories in their lives, fighting Decratic and taking down the dragon, not to mention Iris had put off the fire, who would deny them if they needed to rest. 
"Understood, luna," Jace replied solemnly. 
"Don’t forget Lou and Zale," Iris added.
###Chapter 827: A PEACEFUL MOMENT
Chapter 827: A PEACEFUL MOMENT
After Iris and Cane gave a few instructions for Jace to follow and appoint him as the person in charge for the meantime, while the two of them were taking a break, they closed the door behind them and headed toward the bathroom. 
In there, Cane helped Iris to get off her dirty dress and she did the same thing to him, as she helped him taking off his shirt and pants. 
The two of them were standing naked in front of each other, bared their skin and feeling with one another without a single fabric or anything between them. Once again, they were being vulnerable with their mates. 
Aside from an innocent, gentle kiss on the tip of her nose, Cane didn’t make any advance. He let Iris to help him getting rid of the dragon’s blood and dirt, helping him to make him feel clean, washing away all the negativity. 
After that, Cane helped with the same thing. He washed her hair and body from the dragon blood and all the unpleasant smell from Decratic. 
Cane sniffed her hair and skin before he washed her again, until he was sure those creatures’ scent didn’t etch on her and he got back the scent he loved without any traces of another distasteful scent. 
Only when Cane was satisfied, the two of them came out of the bathroom and two meals had been prepared for them. They left the meals on the table, but there was no one within their sight. 
Jace must have instructed to leave them alone and there was no need to attend to them, since this alone moment was what they needed the most. 
However, Cane still could smell Joel and Pax’s scent from behind the door, guarding the area. 
Out there, the sky had turned dark, it was night again and from the window, you could see the soft moonlight in the night sky. It was very beautiful and quiet, it was almost unbelievable to think just a few hours ago, this place was almost being flattened to the ground, burned into ashes and their lives were in a great danger. All of them were only a step away from deaths. 
Yet, they could relish this peaceful moment... 
Cane dried Iris’s hair, while she ate her food and fed him every now and then. There was no word that was exchanged, but their heart felt satisfied for only being this close with their mate, for being in each other presence. 
They didn’t talk about what had transpired, neither they would taint this beautiful moment by talking about Decratic. 
There would be time for that, but obviously not now, since they were too exhausted and only wanted to rest. 
As if there was this tacit understanding between them, the two of them finished their meals and then went to bed. 
Iris chose to wear Cane’s shirt, because she wanted to feel so close with him, despite her mate was literally within her arm reached, and for the alpha, whose luna stealing his shirt, he went to bed with her only with his pants. 
Cane was shirtless, so when Iris snuggled against his chest, he could feel her cold cheeks against his skin, or how her curls tickled him, and when he wrapped his arms around her small body, he felt heavenly. 
Iris sighed in satisfaction when she hugged him. Feeling his hot skin against her palms when she caressed his bare back. She nuzzled against him and buried her face against his chest, feeling protected and complacent. 
It didn’t take long for the two of them fell asleep and breathed evenly. 
Even though out there, the pack was slightly in chaos as tasks were being distributed by Jace and they started to follow the instruction in order to fix the damage, but inside this room, there was no noise at all, the only thing you could hear was the two of them breathed evenly. 
Cane and Iris slept away the night. Both of them were drained, emotionally and physically. 
No one bother them until the next day, even after the sun was up and Joel entered the room with their breakfast, both of them still had not yet woken up. 
Iris and Cane slept while hugging each other. The alpha held his mate protectively even in his sleep, resting his chin on top of her head and the luna snuggled against him, looking for warmth from her mate, while nuzzling his chest a few times in his sleep to find a comfortable position. 
They stayed like that for the whole night and surprisingly, it was Iris, who woke up first, while Cane was still deep in his sleep. 
Iris rubbed her sleepy eyes and kicked the blanket that covered her body, because it was too hot. Cane’s body heat was too warm and the sun was already so high in the clear sky. 
She wriggled her body slightly and Cane patted her back subconsciously, as if rocking her back to sleep again, which made her lifted her head and found his sleeping face. 
Fatigue was apparent on his face and this made Iris’s heart ached, she stopped moving and hugged him instead, pressing her ear against his chest to hear his steady heartbeat and then fell asleep again. 
When Iris woke up for the second time, Cane was not there, she was alone in the bed and this made her immediately sat down and looked around. 
"Cane?!" Iris called out for him, because she couldn’t find him anywhere. Her voice was hoarse and her sleepiness suddenly disappeared. 
"I am here," Cane replied, he walked toward the bed from the direction of the door. "I asked for hot meals." He approached her and kissed her forehead. "How was your sleep?" he asked with a gentle voice and sat down on the bed. 
Iris threw herself at him and hugged his neck. She didn’t say anything and simply hugged him like that, while Cane caressed her back. He leaned his body against the headboard, while Iris moved her body to straddle him. This was the most comfortable position for her and Cane didn’t mind it, he was still shirtless and Iris was still wearing his shirt. 
They stayed like that until Dean knocked on the door and informed the alpha that he had brought the meal he asked for. 
"Get down for a while, okay? I will get our meals," Cane said in coaxing voice, but Iris shook her head. 
"No. Tell him to put the meals on the table." Iris was in her comfort zone. She didn’t want to move and become a little bit clingy. 
Cane smiled and did what she wanted, but he pulled the blanket to cover her body first, so Dean wouldn’t see her bare thighs. 
Dean didn’t stay for long, after he put down the meals, he immediately rushed out of the bed. Jace gave them a special order not to disturb the alpha and the luna, and only let Cane knew about the situation if he asked, other than that, all the decisions and questions would be discussed with the beta. 
And all of them did per the beta’s instruction. 
After Dean left, Cane carried Iris like that to the table, which made her giggled and both of them laughed for no reason at all. 
Finishing their meals, Iris and Cane snuggled on the bed again. They had not yet addressed the main problem in the room or even discussed about what had happened. They only wanted to enjoy this moment, relishing each other’s presence as much as they could. 
Because they knew, they wouldn’t be able to avoid this matter forever, there would be a point, where they would eventually discuss it, but for now, they only wanted to stay like this. 
"It’s raining..." Iris said, she laid against Cane’s chest, entwined his hand with her hers, while Cane played with her curls. He kissed her head occasionally and in respond, Iris would kiss his knuckles. 
"Hm," Cane said lazily and then closed his eyes. 
It was not sure, who was sleeping first, but when the time the rain stopped, both of them had fallen asleep again. 
Iris and Cane woke up in the middle of the night because they skipped their dinner and were hungry. They smiled at each other and found this funny, because they woke up at the same time and actually felt the same thing. 
"There must be something to eat in the kitchen. Stay here." Cane said, as he got off the bed, but Iris followed him, which made him frowned. 
"I am going to," Iris said. She stared at him innocently with her bright blue eyes. 
"You are not going with only my shirt, love." Cane pointed it out that she was only wearing his shirt that she stole from him. 
Reluctantly, she took off his shirt and slipped into her dress. She didn’t shy when she was standing naked in front of her mate and Cane kissed her bare shoulder before she put her dress on. 
"Here," Iris said, she handed the shirt to Cane. 
The alpha smiled softly and put on his shirt, which now reeked on her scent and he loved it. There was this ridiculous thought to only allow Iris wore his shirt whenever they were alone, damn those dresses with complicated laces. 
When the two of them stepped out of the room, Dean and Pax were in charged to stand guard, but Cane simply waved them off, telling them not to follow.
Dean and Pax obeyed, they didn’t say anything to the alpha, which meant Jace had handled everything perfectly and there was nothing urgent to be reported to Cane at the meantime, since there was no major issue that was happening. 
With that, both Cane and Iris then went to the kitchen to find something to eat. 
This was a quiet and peaceful night, where everyone was sleeping and taking rest, before tomorrow came and they needed to complete their assignment. 
Meanwhile, inside a certain room, Aliana was staring at Ethan’s sleeping face. Grace had told her that the gamma would recover soon, but even after three days, since the first attack, he had not yet opened his eyes. 
Jace was being a good brother, as he told her to only stay with Ethan and look after him. 
’Make sure he wakes up as soon as possible, because I have a bunch of work for him to do. He has been sleeping for so long now.’ 
That was what Jace said, but Aliana knew how much he worried about Ethan too and more so, he wanted to give time for the two of them alone after witnessing her meltdown, which was a moment where Aliana was not proud of. 
Tonight, Aliana was sleeping on the chair next to Ethan’s bed like the previous nights, but this time she was woken up when she felt someone’s intense gaze on her and to her surprise, Ethan was currently staring at her. 
"What are you staring at?" Aliana asked, she found her voice was hoarse, as her emotions caught up in her throat. She didn’t know why the first thing she said was this question. It seemed, she was not thinking right when the overwhelming feeling of relief hit her. 
"What else? You are beautiful." Ethan grinned. "Don’t you find it uncomfortable to sleep on that chair? I don’t mind sharing a bed with you, though." 
He was awake and back to his antics, which meant, he would be fine indeed. 
"You talk much for someone, who just woke up after sleeping for days and making all the people worried," Aliana replied, she went to the bed and check on his temperature, just to be sure. 
"I bet Jace must be a crying mess because he worried about me so much." 
"Hm." Aliana nodded. "He said, he was going to give you a bunch of work." 
Ethan scrunched his nose. "Don’t tell him I am awake." He closed his eyes again.
###Chapter 828: A PEACEFUL MOMENT (2)
Chapter 828: A PEACEFUL MOMENT (2)
Aliana laughed at his antics and this made Ethan opened his eyes. "I love the sound of your laughing," he said, as he looked around him. "I assumed we are in the Silver River pack house? What happened when I was unconscious?" 
Aliana laid down on the bed next to him, which was not unusual thing for them, but somehow, Ethan felt different with this gesture. He indeed told her to lay down next to him earlier, but maybe this was his muddleheaded mind that was talking. 
"A lot of things happened." Aliana moved her body and faced Ethan. If the gamma was not that pale, his face would have been very red now. 
"Dragon?!" Ethan was floored when he heard about Aliana’s story. He widened his eyes and she found his shocking expression was rather adorable. "Are you kidding me?" 
"Is there a benefit for me to lie to you?" Aliana stared at Ethan’s scrunched brows. 
"You should have woken me up, I want to see a dragon too," Ethan looked a little bit dejected because he was being left behind. 
"Ridiculous," Aliana snorted. "If it is possible, I want to position swap with you." 
Ethan pursed his lips. "No, I am fine not to fight the dragon." He still remembered the pain from the food poisoning and the Grebis. That kind of pain was not something he wanted Aliana to endure and even though they fought against the dragon and the horror of the situation, she was still alive and fine. So, he wouldn’t want to swap with her. 
Both of them talked a bit about everything and their conversation was cut short when Ethan’s stomach grumbled. 
"I think I am hungry," he said sheepishly. 
"I bet you are," Aliana said with a smile. "You have been unconscious for so long and during that time, have not yet stomach a solid food." She pushed herself from the bed and got off. "I will cook something for you. I don’t know that you will wake up in the middle of the night like this." Thus, she didn’t prepare anything. 
"I am going with you," Ethan said immediately. 
"No, stay here." 
"No. I want to go with you." Ethan didn’t want to waste his time laying down alone, he wanted to be with Aliana even if it only for staring at her when she was cooking something for him. 
After argued a little, Ethan won and they went to the kitchen only to meet with the alpha and the luna there. 
Apparently, it was not only the two of them, who were hungry in this late at night. 
"Ethan!" Iris perked up when she saw Ethan had regained his consciousness. She jumped from the table, which surprised Cane, worried she would hurt herself, since the table was rather high and then ran off toward the gamma to hug him. "You are fine!"
Ethan almost fell back when Iris literally threw herself at him, she was too happy to see him, thus it didn’t cross her mind that the gamma was still physically weak, but thankfully, Ethan found his balance and Aliana supported his back. 
"Oh, I am sorry," Iris said, as she immediately stood straight. 
"Don’t worry," Ethan grinned. "But, if you are really sorry, I will be very happy to be able to taste the alpha’s food." He could see that Cane was cooking something for his mate. 
Cane gave Ethan a side look, seeing he was already able to joke around, it meant there was nothing to be worried about. Grace and Iris had said he would be fine. 
In the end, Ethan and Iris sat on the table, while Cane and Aliana cooked for the four of them. All of them looked very relax and peaceful with this moment, as they talked about a lot of things. 
Apparently, Abby was still unconscious and from Aliana, they learned a few things about what was going on for the past two days. 
There was nothing that really worth to note, Jace handled everything greatly and the damage on the fortress was being fixed, so did all the pack member’s houses. Warriors, knights and the pack members got involved in the process. 
Meanwhile, the monsters outside of the gates were guarding them. It was a little bit awkward and scary to have them nearby, since their first instinct whenever they saw them was to fight, yet those monsters didn’t do anything aggressive or threatening. 
Lil Thing had returned into its huge size when it came to join the fray, unfortunately, only two bears that left from a hoard that it brought with it. 
Iris would give the white bear a visit when she felt better. 
"Lou is fine. Grace has taken a good care of him, but he wanted to have Sabian here." Aliana recalled how the merchant had been very sullen because he couldn’t do anything and had a lot of demand, which made the servant in the pack house had their brows scrunched. 
Lou was being difficult for no reasons sometime and they had written a letter for Sabian to come here. 
"He might be here within a few days." 
Aliana then updated them about the knights. Cedric didn’t do much, but he kept asking about Cane and Iris’s condition with the pretext he was worried about the two of them, but all of them knew, he had a lot of questions to ask after the last battle, especially now everyone had learned that Cane was the lycan. 
Most of them had seen how the alpha shifted into his lycan form, but it was the knights, who looked weird about it, while the other shifters didn’t really care. 
The lycan fought alongside them after all and the alpha and the luna were the hero. If it was not for Iris and Cane, all of them would have died, though some of them were still having their own concerned and most of them had a lot of questions too regarding this matter, especially when they were aware of the lycan’s history before this, which was understandable. 
Cane complimented Aliana for what she had done during that stressful time. 
"I think you need to address this matter specifically to the pack member, Cane," Ethan made a good remark. 
"Hm." Cane simply nodded and finished his cooking. 
Iris and Ethan helped to prepare the plates, as they were famished. It was a really nice late night, where they talked about something lighter. 
However, when they were about to eat their food, Lou entered the kitchen, it seemed he was also hungry and looked for food. 
Ethan and Aliana immediately showed their disliked, while Cane only frowned and Iris waved her hand to invite him over. She was happy to see the merchant was fine, thus she failed to notice the other three people at the table’s reaction. 
"Come here!" Iris invited him, this must be the happiest time when she saw Lou and the merchant ignored the rest of them, as he walked over. His steps were light, it looked like he was bouncing when he approached the table. 
Lou shamelessly sat down on Iris’s left side, while Cane was on her right side. 
"Wah! Our heart must be in sync because we meet here!" Lou was cheerful. 
"Excuse me, Iris is not the only person, who is here if you have yet noticed it," Ethan chimed in, he sat down next to Lou and Aliana was on his other side. 
This round table was full with food, thus with additional one more person wouldn’t be a problem. 
Upon hearing what Ethan said, Lou scrunched his nose in disgust. "Did I talk with you?" 
Ethan rolled his eyes. "Are you sure you can stomach the food, I heard you lost it." Aliana had told them about Lou’s condition and what happened to him. Decratic had made a huge hole on Lou’s stomach and got rid some of his flesh. 
Lou straightened up his back, he was ready for this confrontation. "Are you sure, you can eat? The last time I saw you, you have turned into vegetable!" 
Lou referred to the time where Ethan was too sick to take care of himself and Aliana had to do everything for him. He had turned into a vegetable indeed during that time. 
"Enough both of you!" Aliana growled at them to cut it out, but Ethan was ready to throw insult and Lou wouldn’t back down either. 
Thankfully, a certain alpha was done with them and raised his voice. 
"If you can’t be civil, I will kick both of you out of this room!" Cane snapped, he glared down at the two of them and surprisingly, Lou and Ethan lowered their head and took their plates to fill it with food sullenly. They looked like two boys, who were being scolded by their parent. 
Seeing this, Iris laughed. She was not sure why, but seeing Lou and Ethan bickered with Cane lost his cool on both of them was really comforting. It almost felt normal in her opinion... 
Cane stared at her helplessly and tied her hair when they started to eat the food, in which Lou kept complaining because apparently, even though the food was delicious, but it was not up to his standard. 
They were still having trouble with food in general, it was a scarce commodity for at least, a while for now until they could start hunting again and bought it from the merchant, but the latter would be a little bit difficult, since the merchants were upset for what happened in the Black Market. 
It would up to Cane on how he would make the narration of what happened. 
Three days after that night, Iris and Cane started to go out and check on everything. The first thing that Iris did was to visit Lil Thing, since this white bear played an important role to help them. 
Iris was sad when she saw Lil Thing lost its left ear. 
"This must be hurt..." Iris said in sad voice, as she caressed the bear’s head and the bear, forgetting its size, nuzzled her body, a little bit too hard until she fell on the ground. 
"Lil Thing!" Joel immediately came over to help Iris stood up, but the luna only laughed when Lil Thing snuggled against her stomach, rested its huge head on her lap, asking to be scratched. 
"It’s okay, Joel." Iris smiled at the young warrior and patted the spot next to her. "Come here, sit here with me." 
Joel then sheepishly did that. Today, it was only him, who accompanied Iris, since the other warriors were needed to fix a few things and the alpha started to give them tasks. 
"I am glad you are fine." Iris was grateful the people that closed to her was still around. 
"Thank you, luna. All of that because of you." 
In the distance, Iris watched a woman with her two children, they were around the age of two and five, where they were bickering and the mother needed to separate them. Iris chuckled a little, while scratching Lil Thing’s head. 
"Luna Iris." 
"Yes?" 
When Joel didn’t say what he wanted to say, Iris shifted her attention toward him, waiting for him to talk. 
"What is it, Joel?" 
"I heard you have regained your memories," Joel said, he heard about this from the warriors, who heard about the luna talked about Chrystal and Rora in passing with Aliana. 
They were surprised, especially with how well the luna faced it. 
"Yes. I did." Iris’s eyes looked sad, but she was steadfast with the reality. 
"I am sorry for your lost, luna." Joel had been wanting to say this. He felt very sorry. "Are you, okay?" 
"As a mother, who lost their children, I will never be okay. But, with time, I can deal with it." Iris then added with a beautiful smile on her lips and bereavement in her eyes. "Aliana said, Rora had blue eyes."
###Chapter 829: IN THE HEAT OF THE MOMENT
Chapter 829: IN THE HEAT OF THE MOMENT
Aliana let Iris knew about Rora’s eyes when she told her that she remembered everything about her babies. 
Both of them cried for the agony of losing their babies. Even though, it had been years, since Aliana lost hers, but it didn’t mean the grief would be disappeared. 
Iris needed to talk about this with Aliana, because she knew she would understand her feeling better, as she had walked the same path before. 
It was also Aliana, who told her that the grief would always be there, but by the time, you would be able to live with it. Iris would never be able to see her babies grew up and they would always be her babies in her memories. 
Actually, Aliana didn’t see Rora’s eyes directly, but she heard this from Grace, because only the healer, Della and Hanna, who were there when baby Rora’s golden eyes faded and the color was replaced by the bluer pair of eyes that they had ever seen. 
Iris felt this bittersweet when she heard that, because she wished, she would be able to see that too. She imagined how her baby with her blue eyes. She would look adorable... 
Joel stayed with Iris and they talked about a few trivial things, enjoying this afternoon under the shade of the tree, until he told her about Redmond. 
"Redmond is here?" Iris asked, she had not yet met with everyone, because she had been staying inside the pack house. 
"Yes, he appeared during the battle all of sudden. We didn’t notice it too because the situation was chaotic, but then we remembered that he supposed to be staying back." Joel then told Iris that Redmond was meeting with the alpha today. "It seemed he came here alone because he brought an important news." 
Iris was sure Cane would talk to her about this, but more importantly, eventually they would meet with everyone, especially with Abby and Cedric. 
The knight had been hinting to meet with her, but somehow Cane managed to make him back off. There were a few questions he had about the lycan too and Cane promised would explain everything after everything had settled down, for now he wanted to focus on strengthening the fortress of this pack, since it would be their base. 
They needed to do it quickly, just in case there was another sudden attack like what happened previously, which Cane doubted it, since it was only he and Iris, who knew what happened with Decratic. 
"The pack member of this pack fear the alpha and our warriors are confused and wanted the alpha to explain about the lycan, but they are also scared to ask." 
From Joel, Iris learned about the turmoil within their warriors. Albeit it sounded not really important, but actually, this matter was really crucial because having warriors, who questioned their alpha was not a good sign for going forward. 
Iris listened to what Joel said attentively, describing what he had heard and seen. 
"What about you?" Iris asked in the end of his explanation. 
Joel was flustered when he was asked about his opinion about the alpha and Iris could understand that, so she teased him. 
"Don’t worry, I will not tell Cane even if you were badmouthing him." Iris grinned to see the surprised on his young face. 
"I will never say bad thing about the alpha, luna!" Joel said hastily. 
"I believe that," Iris replied with a laugh and Joel became even more flustered when he realized the luna was only teasing him. "You can tell me about your opinion freely, Joel. I really wanted to hear about that." Iris then added. "Don’t sugarcoat your words. It will not help." 
Giving the permission, Joel told Iris about what he thought about the situation with the alpha. He felt honor to be able to voice out his opinion, especially when the luna deemed his opinion was important when he was only a young warrior. The luna didn’t even mind to be escorted by him alone, instead of the other full fledged warriors. 
"I believe in alpha, luna and I believe he will never intentionally hurt his people. He has been protecting us to the best of his ability and I believe the alpha has his own explanation about the lycan." Joel told Iris his true feeling and confided in her about how much he looked up to Cane. 
With that, they spent the rest of the afternoon talking about a few things, while Lil Thing was happy enough to sleep on Iris’s lap. During this time, two bears approached them too and sat down not too far from them. 
The two bears were the color of dark brown and honey brown. They were slightly smaller than Lil Thing. 
And when the sun almost set, Cane came to fetch her, so both of them could have dinner together. They would have dinner together, though some time, Cane would go again until late at night to handle a few things. 
But tonight, the alpha chose to stay with his mate, while outside the rain started pouring down. He added more firewood to make the room warm enough for Iris. 
After their dinner, they decided to lay down, while staring at the rain through the open window. 
"Do you want the window to be closed?" Cane asked, as he wrapped Iris tightly inside the blanket. She was wearing his shirt again, while he was shirtless. After all, this was too warm for the alpha. 
"No." Iris snuggled against Cane’s chest. "I like it like this." 
Cane kissed her forehead and played with her hair. It had been more than a week since what happened and they had recuperated, thus this was the right time to address the important matter that they had been avoiding. 
"What happened back then?" Cane started and Iris understood what he meant, she had seen this coming and felt ready to discuss this problem as well. 
"I saw your memories," Iris started. She lifted her head to look at Cane. 
"I saw the same thing," Cane replied, he cupped her face and kissed the tip of her nose. "Allow me to ask for forgiveness, Iris. You really didn’t deserve the way I treated you after what you had sacrificed and everything you had gone through." 
Iris didn’t seem surprised when she heard Cane experienced the same thing, but she was embarrassed when Cane saw what happened with Kellan and he could tell she was being uncomfortable. 
"Something is bothering you?" Cane pointed this out, he lifted her chin and stared into her eyes deeply. 
Iris was hesitated at first to tell him about what she felt, but in the end, she voiced out her embarrassment. Somehow, she felt guilty something like that happened to her. 
Even she herself didn’t know why she had to feel guilty for something that was out of her control and completely not her fault. She was the victim of this, but she felt guilty for what Kellan had done to her. 
She didn’t want to cry, but the way Cane stared at her made her tears welled up in her eyes. 
"It’s not you who should feel guilty, he should be the one groveling." Cane felt disgusted with himself when he remembered what he had done was no different from what Kellan had put Iris through. But, his mate was too kind to even bring this up. "Forgive me for what I have done to you." 
Cane had asked for Iris’s forgiveness in the past, but he was going to do it over and over again, since no amount of it would erase what he had done. 
They talked about this for a while and Iris cried a little bit more, and this time, she was the one, who apologized for leaving him behind when he needed her the most and had to face everything alone. 
She was not the only one, who was grieving for losing their babies, but as a father, Cane was also grieving with her, but she left him alone. 
"I am sorry for leaving you alone, Cane..." Iris said in small voice, she tried to hold back her tears. This was a raw feeling, where she opened all of her pain, she felt immensely guilty for what she had done. 
"Don’t be, Iris. Don’t be..." Cane hugged her a little bit tighter, as if he wanted to become one with her. 
If anything, he was grateful because she forgot about their babies for a while, because the look in her empty eyes and the way she looked at her surroundings and how devastated she was, must be the last thing he wanted her to experience. 
Yes, in the other hand, it was very cruel for not remembering their babies, but Cane was willing to shoulder their grief alone if it meant he didn’t have to see the grieving Iris anymore. His heart couldn’t take it. 
There were a lot of tears, apologies and gratefulness that both of them shared. They laid out their raw and genuine feeling in the open, once again, became very vulnerable with each other. 
They cried, they laughed and shared their pain, and in this cruel world, there was no one else, who knew each other like the two of them, as they had walked in each other misery. 
By the end of it, it was not sure, who had fallen asleep first, but their heart became a little bit lighter and the tears had cleansed their murky mind. This was the moment they needed the most. 
However, in the middle of the night, Iris was woken up when she felt her body was very hot. She was actually sweating. 
Sleepily, she opened her eyes, thinking Cane had added more firewood in the fireplace, but to her surprise, the fire was put off. It seemed Cane was in deep slumber to not notice the room became a little bit cold without the fire. 
Meanwhile, out there, the rain started pouring down, you could hear the howl of it. 
Yet, it didn’t make Iris feeling cold, she felt the opposite. She was very hot and her body was very uncomfortable, as if there was fire within her body and the only way to put it off was her mate. 
Cane’s body felt very comforting to her touch, she wanted to touch him, every inch of him and when it was not enough and this time the aching on her body became more unbearable, she started to grind her body against him, Iris kissed his lips because she felt this strong urge to taste him, which woke the alpha up. 
Cane was slightly confused when he was woken up with Iris was nibling on his lips. "Iris...?" he called her name groggily. 
"Cane..." Iris whimpered, as she grinded her body against his. 
A second later it hit him, the smell of his mate changed. Iris was in heat. 
Heat for a shifter’s mate would happen randomly, you couldn’t predict that. Some women would only go through it once in their lifetime, but quite a few have passed it more than once too.
And right at this moment, Iris was going through her second heat. Her face was flustered and her body was very hot. She needed her mate to put off the fire within her. 
Cane was having the best sleep ever, as he forgot about everything else, this must be the best sleep he had ever since they went into slavery. 
However, it didn’t mean he would turn down Iris’s advance. 
His instinct kicked in the moment he smelled her sweet scent and realized how much she needed him. The sleepiness in his eyes had gone and now, there was this wild look in his gaze when he reciprocated Iris’s kiss with the same vigor and passion. He slipped his hand under her shirt and pulled it off. 
Cane then flipped her body and hovered above her, he kissed her neck, while Iris pulled his pants, looking frustrated because he didn’t help her.
###Chapter 830: YOU ARE THE LYCAN
Chapter 830: YOU ARE THE LYCAN
Na had used all of her power to help Iris to go through her childhood that was nothing, but a nightmare, which made her life essence fused with her. 
In another word, she was Iris. Her existence had ceased to nothingness, she was not even a spirit anymore. Na had no form nor memories, since everything belonged to Iris now and the first Serafim was only a name. 
The same thing didn’t happen with Lu. He couldn’t cease his existence, even though the cursed lycan used Cane’s body as his host, because he had promised Na to help to destroy Decratic. He was the sixth sword that Na had created, as the final attempt to bring down the devil and Lu would keep his promise even though he wouldn’t be able to see Na again. 
More so, if he was being separated from Cane, the alpha would meet the same fate like Haco. Na loved Iris, she wouldn’t want her to go through the same pain that she had to endure when she lost Lu. Na wanted her to live a happy life with her mate, in offset for how thing didn’t turn out well for her. 
And in this passionate night, Iris was determined to live her life to the fullest with Cane. She had seen a lot of misery and endured so much pain. She knew pain, she could go through everything, every dark tunnel as long as in the end of it, Cane would be there for her. 
Aside from losing Cane, there was nothing she would be scared of. Not even the way the Howling Wolf pack’s unwelcomed attitude could hurt her right now, or how those people looked down on her. 
Now she was at this point, she saw those things as trivial matter that shouldn’t even bother her sleep. 
Iris knew how much Cane loved her, she knew how much he felt guilty for how thing started between them, she could feel his love when he touched her, kissed her and made love with her. 
Cane’s touch burned her skin deliciously, as his lips traced her body, his warm breath sent shiver down her spine and her body couldn’t stop trembling when he was inside of her. 
His thrust was painfully slow before he picked up his pace and their breathing became erratic. 
The sound of the rain out there mixed with their moan and how the bed softly rattled with each thrust, Cane lost himself in her and he didn’t want this night to end. 
Cane wanted her, all of her. He kissed every scar on her body, worshipped her and pleased her in a way she had never been pleased before. 
"Cane..." Iris was moaning, whimpering his name over and over again when she came for who knew how many time when her mate loved her to oblivion, her mind was muddled when Cane licked her opening and ate her raw, as she held his head down there. 
This position would be embarrassing if Iris was sober enough, but unfortunately, she didn’t have time for being embarrassed when Cane made her felt beautiful even in her vulnerable state like this. 
The alpha whispered sweet and lewd word to her ear, telling her how much he loved her and blew her mind when she came undone, whether it was around his fingers, his phallus, or in his mouth... 
Iris was not sure how long they had done this or how many times she reached her climax. Her heat this time was brutal, but even so, later she wouldn’t complain, aside from her soreness. 
Her first heat didn’t go well, it lacked of emotions and felt forced because they didn’t have the connection they had right now, therefore this time, Cane seemed to determine to make up for it. 
He loved her to the point, she wouldn’t have any room for hatred for herself. 
And when the rain finally stopped and the heat ceased, as the light of the sun brightened the horizon and Iris was spent, Cane kissed her earlobe, which made her made cute noise and whispered to her ear. 
"Sleep, love..." Cane hugged her body, this room filled with their scent. 
It didn’t take long for Iris to fall asleep. She was satisfied, her heart was at peace and her desire was sated.
Iris skipped her breakfast and slept through her lunch, only in the evening she was woken up with little kisses on her lips, nose, eyes and earlobes that stirred her awake. 
Cane chuckled to see his mate was very sleepy, but he couldn’t make her skipped dinner. 
"Wake up, love. You need to eat," Cane persuaded her, while Iris coiled her body and was about to sleep again. She was not happy to be woken up. 
"Don’t want to eat... want to sleep," she mumbled with her eyes closed. 
But Cane wouldn’t let her. "No, eat first, then you can sleep again." He had cleaned her up the moment he woke up, but Iris didn’t even realize it, as she slept through it. 
"No, I am sore..." she complained. 
"I am sorry, love." 
But, Cane didn’t look sorry, there was this mischievousness in his eyes. 
=========================== 
Cezi was in dire condition, he was barely able to breath and the illness had reached critical point, which made alpha Derick felt helpless. He begged Kellan to meet with the magic user that had healed his legs and would do anything as long as his son was saved. 
Arella’s condition didn’t look better at all. She was alive, breathing, but that was all she could do. 
Meanwhile, Cezi was on the verge of dying, his body had turned very stiff and his breathing became labor. The burning scar on his body had covered his chest and arms. He would die slowly if they didn’t do anything quickly. 
"When I can meet with the magic user, my prince?" Alpha Derick kept pestering the prince, inside the tent, he saw two little girls were being escorted out of there when he came. 
From what he learned, those little girls were there to accompany Arella, so she wouldn’t feel alone. The three of them would take turn to come and visit his daughter. 
In his state of mind, alpha Derick didn’t think much of it. He was grateful prince Kellan didn’t abandon his daughter when she couldn’t perform her duty as his mate. Even if prince Kellan wanted to take another woman, he couldn’t go against it, since Arella was not capable of taking care of his need, but thankfully he didn’t do that and alpha Derick was grateful for it. 
Kellan looked upset, he was annoyed by the way alpha Derick pestering him, he wanted to get rid of him, but he was still useful. 
More so, from what he heard, Decratic’s plan was failed, the devil was badly injured and was in the Celestial Moon pack. 
Therefore, Kellan was waiting for the next move from him, but after weeks of waiting, there was no word from Decratic or Zeke, Dexter couldn’t be contacted as well. 
Kellan had sent someone to Celestial Moon pack secretly in order to figure out what was happening. He knew the worshipper would come within a week or two from now and they needed to move to Winter Moon pack. 
But, Kellan didn’t have any idea how many of them. 
More so, alpha Colter’s magic users were very strong, they barrier was still up to protect Diandem pack. They must have been taking all the magic stone with them before they fled. After all, alpha Colter was the alpha of the Red Claw pack. 
"I have sent someone to ask, we need to wait a little bit longer," Kellan replied, that was all he could say for alpha Derick, but he argued a little bit more and made a demand, citing how bad Cezi’s condition was. 
However, there was nothing alpha Derick could do and from his opinion too, Kellan had done everything to help, in that case, he could only leave the tent after talking with Arella and comforting her. 
When alpha Derick was about to return to his tent, one of his warriors approached him and asked to speak in private. 
"What is it?" Alpha Derick asked, he was in sour mood. He didn’t want to talk about anything else, aside of a way to help his children. 
"Alpha, I just received news from one of our scouts," the warrior said, he looked around him. "This is a word from the alpha of Howling Wolf pack." 
"Cane?" Alpha Derick narrowed his eyes. He had mixed feeling about this. The fact Cane tried to kill prince Kellan, but unfortunately, it backfired to his daughter left alpha Derick with a bitter taste in his mouth. He hated Cane’s gut, but he couldn’t blame him for his daughter’s condition, because Cane’s aim was not Arella. 
"Luna Iris is able to heal Grebis." The warrior then added more information from their scout. "Our scout also said, the gamma of the Howling Wolf pack, gamma Ethan had suffered the same thing too, but luna Iris healed him." 
Alpha Derick was shock. He widened his eyes in disbelieve. "Are you sure about that?" 
"Yes, alpha." The warrior then looked around him and then relayed the message from Cane to his alpha. 
It would be very na?ve of alpha Derick if he thought Cane wouldn’t place one or two of his men inside his people, if he could find news within Cane’s side, there was no way Cane couldn’t do the same thing to him. 
Therefore, this news from his warrior was certainly believable. 
"The alpha didn’t want you to alert prince Kellan and move quietly tonight to meet him halfway. There will be a carriage that is waiting for you and your son." 
Alpha Derick was hesitated at first, but when he returned to his tent and saw Cezi’s condition with no certainty from prince Kellan, what option he had? 
Cane knew about Cezi’s condition, but he didn’t immediately offer help to him, because he wanted alpha Derick to feel helpless and see for himself how Kellan would help him. Knowing Decratic was badly injured and his plan had crushed miserably, the alpha knew there was no help for Cezi. 
But, that was not his only consideration, Iris also took part in this decision. 
The two of them had this discussion after their passionate love making and came up with this idea, as the last attempt to get Celestial Moon pack to their side. 
Iris assured Cane that she would be fine, what happened with Ethan wouldn’t happen again. 
’I know what I can endure. I will be fine, Cane.’ 
That was what Iris said to convince Cane and they came up with a few more options. This heavy talk didn’t feel bothersome and give them a headache when they mixed it with pleasure. 
Iris was happy to be heavily involved in every decision that Cane made. 
And after almost a month since the fight with Decratic and a day before they met with alpha Derick and Cezi, Abby finally regained her consciousness. 
At the same time, there was news from Chrystal Moon pack that the ships from the Holy Kingdom could be seen in the distance. The ships would dock tonight. 
"We need to discuss about the lycan now," Cedric said to Cane when the alpha and the luna visited the member of the Silver River pack. 
While the alpha inspected the rebuilding of their houses, the luna came with food. They just filled their storage after Cane and Lou managed to get supply from Karam continent with the merchant’s connection. 
The food supply came with Sabian and a few warriors from the Blue Moon pack that guarded it three days ago. But, there was additional woman, who came along with Sabian too and it was no other than Nala. 
"A lot of people had seen it," Cedric pointed it out. "You are the lycan."
###Chapter 831: THE PROOF IS RIGHT THERE
Chapter 831: THE PROOF IS RIGHT THERE
Cedric had been wanting to talk about this, but the time was not right, therefore when the Serafim was awake, this was the right moment to bring this topic up. 
Cane and Iris were about to talk about their trip tonight, they would bring a few warriors with them and would leave incognito, but now Cedric wanted to have this discussion. 
"I will talk to Jace, you can go first. I will come after that," Iris said to Cane. She didn’t want to waste their time. Regarding this plan with alpha Derick, they didn’t say anything to the knight, after all, they didn’t need to know too yet. 
"We need you to come as well, luna Iris," Cedric said, he was slightly insisted. 
"She will come after she had finished with her business," Cane cut him off, but when the warrior became persistent for the two of them to come together, Cane wrapped his arm around Iris’s waist and spoke casually. "In that case, you can wait until we finished our business and we will have the discussion." 
Cedric should have learned by now that he couldn’t make a demand to Cane, because the alpha would do the opposite. He was not someone that you could force to do something he didn’t want to. 
"Alpha Cane!" Cedric was upset, he watched the alpha and the luna walked away, after telling him again that he would meet with him after he and Iris’s business had finished. 
Iris glanced at Cedric’s furious expression because Cane didn’t take him seriously and giggled. "You shouldn’t make him upset, you know," she teased him. 
"His knights contributed so little during the battle. Their Serafim didn’t really help too. Sometime, people like him should be put in their place." 
Iris kissed his forearm. "The people from the Holy Kingdom will not let you go easily once you admitted about the lycan." 
"They will not have any choice, but to accept it," Cane replied with certainty, which meant, he already had a plan in his mind about what to do. 
Hearing that, Iris grinned and tiptoed to kiss his neck, because she could only reach him there if he didn’t bend his body to accommodate her. 
With that, the alpha and the luna talked with Jace about their trip for tonight to meet with alpha Derick and Cezi and what they needed. 
It was decided that Iris’s five warriors would come with her, two of Cane’s personal warriors, Redmond, Ethan and Aliana. 
When Redmond came here, he was appointed Koda to be the person in charge for Blue Moon pack warrior and Will to keep tabs on everything, because there was an important thing he needed to deliver to Cane. The alpha had asked him to find this thing, because he rather forgot where the last time he put it and he didn’t have time to look for this thing when he left. 
"Should you let her do it?" Redmond asked Cane after he asked to talk in private with the alpha. This warrior was still not really friendly with Cane, despite how he obeyed his order. He respected him as Iris’s mate and as a person. "You do remember what happened when she healed Ethan, right?" 
Redmond was not thrilled with the idea Iris would heal Cezi from Grebis. In his eyes, let him died. There was no need to help their enemy. 
"The idea came from her. If you have any ion, you should talk with her instead of talking with me," Cane replied and Redmond scoffed. 
"You know very well how she only listened to you." 
"Are you trying to say she doesn’t know what is good for her or not?" Cane raised his brows, challenged him. "Are you trying to say that she is very na?ve and stupid to make her own decision, after all, you have witnessed of what she had gone through and how she is right now?" 
Iris was lost for a while back then when they were faced with the death of their babies, but you should be proud of her to see how she was right now. She was still standing toughly, while dealing with the pain. 
"This always be your issue, Redmond," Cane said. "You want her to be tough, but you don’t let her to make her own decision and face problem." 
Cane was right in that matter. 
Hearing that, Redmond didn’t say anything and only mumbled. "I hope everything will go well." 
And after that brief discussion about tonight trip, Iris and Cane went to visit Abby’s bedroom, where Cedric and Liam had been waiting for them to discuss about the lycan. 
From the look of it, they didn’t involve the other three of the Serafim’s holy knights, as if within the Holy Knight itself there was an internal conflict of interest. 
Abby looked weak, but she forced herself to get up from the bed to have this meeting. 
Liam had told her to postpone the meeting, but when she realized how long she had been unconscious and the Holy Knights had docked their ships at the Chrystal Moon pack and was on the way here, there was no time anymore to clear the air about the lycan. 
"So, it’s really you... the lycan," Abby said. She didn’t waste her time to jump into the main problem here. 
Cane stared at her with impassive expression. If the matter related to her, she would jump into the main topic, but if it was not, these people from the Holy Kingdom tended to talk in circle. 
"Yes." Cane and Iris didn’t even budge to see how shocked they were, though they must have guessed it since the beginning. 
"Do you know what will happen to you, right?" Cedric narrowed his eyes, his gesture changed, he looked defensive, as if he was waiting for an attack, despite Cane didn’t do anything and didn’t give any sign of aggression. "The lycan is a cursed creature, something that you shouldn’t have involved yourself into and the punishment for that is death." 
"There is nothing will happen to him," Iris said, her voice was steady. She assumed the same stance like Cane, though her blue eyes filled with anger when she heard the word of ’punishment’ and ’death’. She was going to burn them down if they hurt Cane. 
"What do you mean?" Abby narrowed her eyes. "It’s not up to you to decide." 
"So, in your mind, it’s up to you to decide?" Iris threw the same question to her, which made Abby gritted her teeth. "This is not your continent, not your rule and the problem with Decratic is yours, but you failed to set the record straight with him. You caused so many deaths for our people, but you still have the audacity to say it’s not up to me to decide?" 
On the other hand, Cane said nothing, he could feel how heated Iris was and seeing her like that, he leaned his back, while staring at his mate with adoration. 
The silent in this room was deafening after Iris finished with her words. 
But then when Iris spoke again, she softened her voice, less aggressive and didn’t take the road to press Abby down and point the glaring difference of their power, which made the Serafim insecure all this time. "Abby, there is something that all of you need to hear." 
With that, Iris told her about the sixth swords, which was the lycan. She controlled the flow of this discussion so well, guiding them to the direction she wanted. 
Meanwhile, the alpha enjoyed the moment where his mate stood up for him, being mad when they said they were going to punish him with death punishment. Iris knew what she had and she utilized it very well. Cane adored Iris’s fierce side where she shut them down effectively, making them to listen to her. 
What Iris said left Abby speechless, so did Cedric and Liam. 
"The first Serafim herself, who created the last sword, the sixth sword." Iris then reminded Abby about what she told her before about the sword that could kill Decratic. "Killing him is not an option if you wanted to destroy Decratic once for all." 
There was no word that came from them and Cane used this moment to brew two cups of tea for the two of them, since there was only a tea set on the table. 
The alpha then leisurely handed the hot cup to his mate. "Be careful, it’s hot." Because Iris took the role to lead the meeting, Cane took his time to serve her. The two of them worked well together, letting the other three people wrecked their brain with this information. 
"The Holy Kingdom will not like this news." Abby finally opened her mouth, after such a long silence. 
"This is never about what the Holy Kingdom liked or disliked, right?" Iris replied. "This is always about how to destroy Decratic, or maybe we have miscommunication?" 
"The lycan is a cursed creature, luna Iris," Liam emphasized this point. 
"Do you want to say the first Serafim made a mistake to create the sixth sword and let the lycan to carry it?" 
"The first Serafim made a mistake by having an indecent relationship with a lycan," Cedric replied. 
"Just like how you have an indecent relationship with the Serafim?" Cane finally spoke, his eyes fell on Liam and the look on their faces told him that he hit the right spot. 
"W- what do you mean?!" Liam became unnecessarily aggressive. 
"Don’t make a false rumor!" Abby was flustered, her face turned red. 
"If you thought you were being secretive about it, you might want to try it again." Cane poured more tea into Iris’s empty cup. "Maybe you can try to stop staring at her very often." Cane was still directing his words toward Liam. "If I am not mistaken, the punishment for having indecent relationship with the Serafim is death too." 
"Alpha Cane!" Abby slammed her hands against the table. She stood up, the expression on her face showed how livid she was. "Watch what you said, or else...!" 
As a response, Iris stood up as well, she couldn’t accept the way Abby threatened Cane. "Or else, what?!" Iris growled at her. "What are you going to do?!" 
This became more interesting now the secret was in the open. 
Cane had his own judgement. After all, he was an observant person, the way Liam stared at Abby and the interaction between them was very obvious in his eyes. 
At first, he didn’t care about it, that’s not his problem or concern, but when thing turned out this way, he saw an opportunity to use this information for his own advantage. 
Cane had his people in Andelus continent, that was why he could promise Lou to expand his business there, but the situation didn’t allow the plan to have smooth sailing, therefore, he used them to dig more information about the Holy Kingdom. 
Cane didn’t exchange letter with them often, but the last information was pretty useful. 
"Are you threatening me?!" Abby narrowed her eyes at Iris and the luna didn’t back down at all. She glared at her with the same anger. "The problem with the black magic allowed the Holy Kingdom to interfere! You can’t intimidate me with my relationship!" 
"You must be mistaken, Serafim," Cane said. He tilted his head and then stared at them one by one. "That’s not a threat, neither that’s an intimidation. I am only saying the truth." 
"You have no proof!" Abby was so mad. Her whole body was trembling. Cedric wanted to interfere, but he was not sure where he had to stand. What Cane said was right. As the Serafim’s holy knight, he should report the relationship between Liam and Abby right away. 
Cane nodded at Abby. "The proof is in your stomach," he said calmly, which shocked all of them, including Iris. "You are pregnant, Serafim. My healer has confirmed that."
###Chapter 832: PUNISHMENT FROM THE ALPHA
Chapter 832: PUNISHMENT FROM THE ALPHA
When Cane said that Abby was having a romantic relationship with Liam, Iris was surprised, but she felt like she already knew about this. She picked up Cane’s habit and had her own observation. The news was surprising, but it didn’t really shock her. 
However, it was not the same when Cane told them about Abby’s pregnancy. Iris was utterly speechless, because this was the first time she heard about this. 
Even though Grace couldn’t do much with Abby, since her constitution was the same like Iris, but at the very least, she could check on her and tell them that she was doing well and her body was in progress of healing. 
That was the time when Grace discovered Abby was pregnant, a month long when she learned about it, which meant now, she was almost two months long. 
At first, Grace was going to tell Cedric and Liam about this, but then she went against it because this piece of information was valuable and the alpha could use it for his own advantage, especially when the secret of the lycan was laid in the open. Cane needed every piece of card that could benefit him. 
Despite fighting alongside each other for the past few months, the shifters and the knights were not really standing on the same side. They had their own opinion and differences. 
That was why, Grace didn’t tell them immediately and bring this piece of valuable information straight to the alpha, in which Cane asked her not to say anything. 
From that information Cane could deduce what happened between Abby and Liam and this strengthened his theory about the father of the Serafim’s child. 
"You are lying!" Abby screamed. She backed away, tears welled up in her eyes when she stared at Cane, as if the alpha was going to kill her or hurt her, but all she could see was the alpha’s stoic expression. 
"You can call the healer if you want to make sure of it," Cane said calmly, he stood up and looked at Cedric and Liam, the two knights were pale. They were not able to utter a single word. 
"The healer? The healer from your pack? Can you guarantee that she will not lie to my face?" Abby hissed her words became more hostile, as her body was shaking. She was overwhelmed with emotions and didn’t know how to navigate her feeling. 
"That, or you can wait until you are showing." Cane didn’t look flustered when he was facing the angry Serafim. "You can wait for another two months." 
Cane remembered when Iris pregnant with their children, her stomach started to show a little bump around that time, but because she was wearing thick dress, people wouldn’t be able to tell. 
Abby balled her fists, her face turned very red, just like her hair and a tear streamed down her cheek. It was not sure whether she was angry with Cane or she was only confused of what to do, but these emotions were like a broken dam and she didn’t have any idea of how to handle it. 
Seeing how the conversation turned out and how it deviated from the main topic, Cane excused himself and Iris. 
"I think you need time to think about this matter carefully, I will let Grace knew if you needed her professional advice." He took Iris with him when he walked out of the room. 
With this, Cane could buy time to think his next step of how to deal with the people in the Holy Kingdom carefully. He could use this piece of information to strike a deal with them, but for now let the information sunk in. 
"Why didn’t the healer tell me since the beginning?" It just clicked in Abby’s mind when she saw the shocking look on Cedric and Liam’s faces, which meant they didn’t know about this too. 
Cane glanced at her over his shoulder. "This good news should be informed to the mother, not to be relayed to someone else." He then added. "No matter how you feel about this, I want to say congratulation for your pregnancy." 
Cane was not mocking Abby when he congratulated her. 
And after saying that, he walked away with his mate, whose became very silence, she didn’t utter a single word until they went to the carriage that had been waiting for them to take them to meet with alpha Derick and Cezi. 
Cane dropped the report that he was reading because he could feel how gloomy Iris was and caressed her earlobe to get her attention. Iris shook his hand away, but still didn’t say anything. 
"What it is in pretty head of yours?" Cane tapped her forehead with his forefinger. "What is bothering you?" 
Iris avoided his eyes, she looked struggling to voice out whatever thing in her mind right now and Cane patiently waited for her to open up. 
But when she didn’t seem wanting to talk about it, Cane gave a little bit push. 
"Is it about the baby?" Cane asked this carefully, this was a sensitive topic for both of them and albeit Iris looked like she was doing fine, he didn’t know how much she could handle to talk about this topic with him. 
"Cane." Iris lifted her head and looked at him in the eyes. 
"Yes?" 
"What if I couldn’t give you another child?" she asked. 
From the sound of it, Iris felt guilty for not being able to protect their children and more so, there would always be this gnawing feeling of responsibility to give birth to the alpha’s child, despite Cane told her over and over again that the blame was on him, because he was the one, who had problem of fathering a child and got her pregnant in the first place. 
However, what this realm expected from the woman had messed up with Iris’s mind, when the women were expected to give birth and continue the bloodline, this way of thinking had been the core obligation of every woman in this continent. 
"Iris, I have you and that’s enough." Cane didn’t bother to explain to her about how it was his fault, since he had done that a few times and she simply didn’t want to listen. She knew the problem was with him, but she kept insisting to take the blame. "Let’s be happy together, only the two of us." 
Cane was there, he watched closely when Iris gave birth to their children, coupled to the experience when his son was being taken out from his mother’s womb, he couldn’t say those memories were something he would look back fondly. 
Cane was done with this. He wouldn’t put Iris through the agony of giving birth again and more importantly, there was no way for them to have their own children now Grace couldn’t concoct the same medicine when they didn’t have enough water magic stone. 
"Cane, you know very well that a child is very important..." 
Cane cut her off immediately. "You are important. You are more important." He remembered the smell of blood, how thick and sickening it was to think that a lot of blood came out from your petite mate. He remembered how Iris was about to give up because the pain was unbearable. He didn’t want to let her go through that experience again. 
More so, the situation was not safe. He didn’t think neither he and Iris could bear it, if something happened to their baby, if by some miracle they could have their little one again. 
The conversation about the Serafim’s pregnancy must be something that triggered Iris. Cane should have been more careful when he talked about it. 
"But, Cane..." 
Cane kissed her lips to stop her complain, he nibbled on her lower lip when Iris insisted she wanted to talk and then put his hand on the back of her head to deepen the kiss. He only stopped when she seemed not to bring the topic up again. 
However, when Cane moved away from her, Iris covered her mouth with her hand to prevent him from kissing her again, so she could finish what she was going to say. 
"If your aim is the throne, you still need an heir, what are you going to do about that?" Iris asked behind her hand. "Let’s say we can survive this crazy Decratic and everything is going well according to your plan."
Meanwhile, Cane could only stare at his mate’s stubbornness, she became very cheeky now. Usually, this method was enough to stop her, but as it turned out, Cane had to think of another method. 
"We can raise a child to take the role." Cane had thought about this matter carefully and for now, this was the only way. 
Iris was not really happy about this, but she didn’t refuse the idea right away, she frowned a little and Cane put down her hand to caress her lips. 
"I only want you, Iris. I don’t care about a child." To be honest. He didn’t even want to try it anymore. Losing three children were more than enough, this was the kind of pain that would stick with you until your last breath. "I only want to be with you." 
Iris sighed deeply and hugged Cane. She said nothing, but when she rested her head against his chest, her blue eyes flashed with complicated feeling. She didn’t want to give up yet and she knew Cane only said that because he couldn’t afford another heartbreak and disappointment, but if the miracle could happen once again... 
Iris’s gaze became so deep, as she moved her hand to caress his chest and slowly move down to his stomach before she carefully brushed her fingers against his member. 
"Iris..." Cane caught her hand and his mate lifted her head to kiss her. 
Iris pushed him down and laid down next to him, but her hand didn’t stop touching the lower part of his body. 
Her kiss became wilder when Cane tried to stop her from touching him, but Iris was persistent and when she slipped her hand to touch him directly, Cane couldn’t resist her anymore. The feeling of her small hand that wrapped around his erected member was heavenly. 
Their breathing became erratic and the carriage became a little bit shaky. The people outside could see that and smell of it made all of them turned awkward. 
Ethan and Aliana, who were sitting on the coachmen seat, seemingly became very interesting with the scenery, as they ignored the soft moan from inside. 
Meanwhile, Redmond felt like he wanted to kick the door of the carriage. He was glad that the two of them were in good terms again and Iris was back to her normal self, but wasn’t this too much? They were not alone, for God’s sake! 
The carriage they were using was not the one with Haco’s magic, therefore you could hear it as clear as day, especially when you have great senses. 
Until this point, Iris had not yet learned about Haco’s death, since no one brought this up with her. 
This journey became very insufferable for the warriors and they wished they could reach their destination faster. Thankfully, they stopped and spared their sanity midway. 
Unfortunately, it took them six more hours to be in their meeting point, where alpha Derick had been waiting for them, he only came with his beta and gamma. Inside the carriage must be Cezi. 
"We are here, alpha, luna," Aliana informed them and Cane was the first one, who came out. He told her to check on his mate and then strode away to meet alpha Derick first. 
Aliana was confused at first, but when she entered the carriage, she could see why and this make her chuckled. 
"Are you being punished by the alpha for being naughty, luna?" Aliana teased her when she saw how the alpha gave her hickeys, which she frustratedly tried to hide. 
"Help me," Iris wailed.
###Chapter 833: WHAT A LIE...
Chapter 833: WHAT A LIE...
Alpha Derick had prepared himself and all the consequences that might happen when he decided to come, he was going to beg Cane if it was all that needed for them to save his son, despite their previous battle and how they were in different side, the alpha was determined to give him all, as long as his son was being saved. He couldn’t care less about dignity and loyalty. 
Seeing Cezi was on the brink of death and how he was going through this suffering made him wavered. He was not ready to be the one, who buried his own son. 
As a parent, who watched their child came into this world and then was being forced to watch them to leave also was something that very cruel. No parent should have gone through that. 
Alpha Derick was going to go down on his knees if that was what Cane wanted. 
Fortunately for him, Cane didn’t want him to disgrace himself, to stoop that low. He was suggesting this meeting not to humiliate him. 
"How is Cezi?" Cane asked. They stood very close, even closer than the last time they met. 
"He is in so much pain, he was unable to move and has been unconscious for the last few days," Alpha Derick replied. He looked like he had aged for a few years now. He then proceeded to tell him more detail about Cezi and how his burning scars had covered his chest and almost reached his throat. "He was having a hard time to breathe." Alpha Derick looked very gloomy. 
Hearing that, Cane learned that everyone, who contracted with this disease had different reaction. 
With Ethan, the disease reacted very aggressively and quickly. It didn’t take long before the burning scar reached the gamma’s respiratory tract after the diagnose and caused him to have a hard time to breath, which would lead him to his death if Iris did nothing quickly and saved his life. 
But for Cezi, he survived for a few weeks based on what Cane learned from his scout. Cezi should have been dead by now if the disease gave him the same reaction like to Ethan. 
After a long explanation, alpha Derick stopped talking, he was waiting to hear what would be Cane’s demand. He most likely would ask for his alliance, to turn his back against prince Kellan. 
However, Cane didn’t do that. He kept silence and looked very calm, as if he was not going to say anything or having any demand. 
Couldn’t stay in this silence for a little bit longer when his son needed help quickly, alpha Derick was the one, who talked first. 
"Cane, I received your message and accepted it. You said, you can heal my son. Please, do it and name the price for your help." Alpha Derick was being cautious and uncomfortably polite with Cane. 
"Who said that?" Cane narrowed his eyes when he heard alpha Derick’s wrong assumption. "I never said I am going to heal your son." 
Alpha Derick’s face fallen after what Cane said. The first thing that came to his mind was; he was being tricked and Cane was playing him within his palms. He looked around out of instinct, thinking he was being ambushed. 
But then, Cane spoke again with the same tone. 
"It’s not me, but my mate. We need to wait for her," he said without any guilt at all for making alpha Derick scared for a moment there. 
Realized his mistake, alpha Derick tried to keep it cool, as he cleared his throat and then mumbled a word; sure. 
They waited for two more minutes before Iris came out of the carriage. She let loose her long, curly auburn hair behind her back and covered her front. Her big curls managed to cover her neck. She looked a little bit sullen, as if she was not in a good mood when she approached them. 
Alpha Derick assumed, Iris didn’t want to come here, but had no choice, but to follow what Cane wanted, but the truth would leave him stunned out of his mind. 
"Cane, your mate is already here, we can start now." He didn’t heed Iris. This was the first time he saw her and he didn’t have any good impression on this Gerald’s daughter. 
However, Cane noticed the way alpha Derick disrespected Iris and called him out on that. 
"I told you before that it’s not me, who would heal your son, but ’my luna’," Cane emphasized the word ’my luna’ to show Iris’s position in this matter. She was his equal and the luna of his pack. He wouldn’t accept any disrespectful toward her. 
Alpha Derick was surprised when he heard what Cane said, but when he was about to retort, he recognized the look on Cane’s face and knew when to back down. Therefore, he shifted his attention toward Iris and nodded at her politely. 
"Luna Iris." Alpha Derick had not yet met with Cane for years, but it didn’t mean he would forget how stubborn this man was. That part had never changed. "Please, save my son. I will do whatever you wanted me to do, as long as you saved him. I will keep my word." 
It was very clear what alpha Derick hinted. He was willing to throw aside his loyalty to Kellan if Iris could save Cezi. Iris only needed to say the word and subconsciously, alpha Derick waited for that. It was like the moment where you would say; I knew it. I have guessed it. 
However, to alpha Derick surprised, Iris didn’t do that, instead she asked about Cezi’s condition and together they went to the carriage, where the young man was laying down, dying. 
"Let’s check on him," Iris said, she threw Cane a glare, but the alpha still had this innocent look on his face. 
The carriage was not spacious enough for the four of them to enter together, so it was only Iris, who came inside and checked on Cezi’s condition, but from where alpha Derick was standing, he couldn’t see clearly what was going on inside. 
Meanwhile, Cane didn’t even bother to look what his mate was doing inside, because he believed, she knew what she needed to do and in this matter, she couldn’t help with anything. If Iris couldn’t save Cezi, what chance did he have? 
"Luna Iris," alpha Derick called for her, he wanted to urge her to save Cezi, but he bit back his word, because he didn’t want to ruin her concentration. 
More so, seeing how calm Cane was, alpha Derick decided to join him, though the look on his face couldn’t lie how much he was worried for his son. 
"I don’t want to lose my son," alpha Derick said. 
"No parent wanted to lose their child." 
Cane’s reply made alpha Derick fell into silence, because he realized, Cane just lost his babies... again. He had gone through three of his children’ deaths and now alpha Derick realized how insensitive his comment was about the death of his children. He couldn’t imagine of losing all of his children. 
"I am sorry for what I said before," alpha Derick said, his apology was genuine. 
Albeit Cane accepted the apology, but he was not in the mood to dwell in that conversation, there was something else he wanted to have discussion on. 
"What about Arella? How is she doing?" Cane asked impassively. 
Alpha Derick was surprised when Cane chose this topic, but then he spoke in bitterness in his voice. "I don’t blame you for Arella’s condition, your aim was not her, but I still couldn’t comprehend, why did you want to kill prince Kellan?" 
Cane clenched his jaw. The mention of his name alone made his blood boiled, but he gained his composure pretty quickly before alpha Derick could notice that. 
"Did he still have the little girls with him?" 
"Yes." Alpha Derick was aware of the three little girls, who came and went from prince Kellan’s tent often, but it didn’t proof anything. 
"And you have never questioned that?" 
"What should I question for?" alpha Derick narrowed his eyes. "The little girls were there to accompany Arella because she can’t move. They were there to entertain her, that’s all." 
Cane glanced at alpha Derick, but he didn’t say anything, making the latter became self consciousness, thinking he had said the wrong thing, or making a wrong judgment. 
But then, there was this bright light that came from the carriage. This was the same light that they had seen weeks ago when Iris and Abby tried to save Ethan. 
"Cane, are you sure, they are alright there?" alpha Derick asked, the light lasted for five minutes and as time went by, it put him on edge. 
Cane didn’t answer his question, but after five more minutes and Cane decided to enter the carriage to see what was going on, the light slowly faded and the sky turned to normal. 
"Wow.... That’s a bright sky..." Ethan muttered. "Is that what happened when Iris saved me?" 
"Yes," Aliana said. Both of them were sitting on the coachmen seats, watching the bright light. Now, they were not in dire situation, they could enjoy the sight. Actually, the light was otherworldly beautiful... 
"She is amazing, you know... our luna," Ethan muttered under his breath. "How lucky we are to have her." 
"You are right," Aliana agreed. 
On the other hand, Cezi’s condition was very bad, but thankfully, Iris managed to save his life. She absorbed the dark magic behind the disease and just like what happened with Ethan, she could see through Cezi. His dark moment, his dark thought and learned more from it. 
Iris realized this ability when she did it to Ethan and this was her bargain to make Cane accepted her idea to save Cezi. She knew, with how wicked Cane’s mind was working, he would have a hundred way to make use of this ability. 
Knew what was in Cezi’s mind had its own advantage. 
Iris watched how the burning scar disappeared from Cezi’s chest and she sighed in relief, but she couldn’t come out right away, because she had to calm herself down. Though the dark memories didn’t belong to her, but it was still shaken her. 
"I am sorry all of those things happened to you..." Iris said, he pulled the blanket and covered Cezi’s body. He was breathing more normal now and would wake up within a few days. 
After that, Iris walked out of the carriage and approached Cane. 
"Everything is well?" Cane asked, he brushed her curls from her neck, but Iris swatted his hand away, because she didn’t want to expose her neck until all the red marks he gave her disappeared. 
"He will be fine, you can check on him." Iris glanced at alpha Derick, who immediately rushed into the carriage. The gamma, who came with them was also dumbstruck. 
"So, what did you get?" Cane asked, he placed his hand around her waist and kissed her forehead. 
Iris tiptoed and then whispered it to Cane’s ear, as he bent down his body to accommodate her height. He nodded at her words and looked satisfied. 
"How are you feeling?" 
"I will be fine," Iris replied truthfully. She was still shaking, but if she could face her worst memories, what Cezi showed her wouldn’t be too harsh on her. 
After a while, alpha Derick returned and confirmed Cezi looked better, he then looked at Iris, a little bit flustered.
"So, what do you want from me?" Because Iris and Cane had not yet named the price for their help, he asked about this openly. He didn’t want to move in circle and this was not how Cane played his game. 
However, to his surprised, Iris’s answer left him dumbstruck. 
"I don’t want anything from you." Iris looked at alpha Derick straight in his eyes. "I help you because Cane thought of you like his father." 
What a lie...
###Chapter 834: ABBY’S DECISION
Chapter 834: ABBY’S DECISION
The word that Iris said about how Cane still thought of him like a father hit him hard. He saw Cane as his best friend’s son and for him to look up to him like that sent a mixed feeling in his mind. 
"I did it because of that. I don’t need anything else." Iris grabbed Cane’s hand. "Your son will be fine and if you kept insisting to side with Kellan, that’s on you. With this, my mate can sincerely fight you." 
Iris could see how this revelation shocked alpha Derick, for them not to demand anything from him. Cane was right about the reaction that alpha Derick would have with the way they responded after saving Cezi’s life. 
"With this, you owed us, but we don’t owe you anything, so when the time came and you were still unable to see the truth, there is no regret." 
After Iris’s last word, Cane took Iris with him, he himself didn’t say anything, but instead, it gave a great impact on alpha Derick, as he could only stood there, speechless out of his mind. 
Later on, inside the carriage, Iris asked more detail about Cane’s decision not to take this opportunity to get alpha Derick on their side. 
"We can demand him to take our side and do something with Kellan’s warriors." In Iris’s mind in that way, it would be an easy access for them to reach alpha Colter. 
However, Cane had different opinion. "He will only resent me if I did that. Alpha Derick is still in the state where he respects and adores him so much, for the alpha to betray him will give him an internal conflict." 
Cane pulled Iris toward her and caressed her cheeks, he liked the fire in her eyes, she looked so alive and well. 
"I don’t want to have someone who harbored resentment by my side, Iris. Having someone like that, will only put you in great danger." Keeping someone like that would only put you in disadvantage, since it would be hard to judge, where they stood. "You saw it yourself, Cezi will be the key for this." 
If they wanted to get alpha Derick and Celestial Moon pack to their side, alpha Derick had to open his eyes to the truth and willingly get away from Kellan’s clutch. 
And for that, Cezi’s role in this game was critical. 
Cane had guessed it that after his meeting with Cezi, it had left doubt on him about Kellan and what Iris saw when she healed him confirmed that. 
"Alpha Derick loves his children. He will not believe me if I presented the evidence under his nose because in his eyes, I am the enemy of the person he respected, but it will be different story if the evidence was presented by his own children." 
With Cane didn’t demand anything from alpha Derick, it would leave him in a complicated position and made him restless, while Cezi would do the rest. 
Iris thought about that and once again, she was amazed with the way Cane handled thing. He thought everything ahead. He appeared genuine to help, but as it turned out, he was anything but sincere. 
"You are playing a long game," Iris stated and Cane pinched her chin, so she looked at him. "You make other people do your bid." 
"Yes, I did." Cane put less effort to gain a massive benefit and manipulated people and situation to fit into his plan. 
Iris narrowed her eyes and pursed her lips. "You know what? You are a very cruel person." 
Cane didn’t seem offended with what Iris said, if anything, it seemed he enjoyed this conversation with her. "Why do you think so?" 
Iris thought about it for a while and then came with an analogy. "If you don’t like something, you will not immediately kill it. Hm..." She bit her lip to think of an imaginary situation. "If you don’t like a frog, you will not immediately kill it, but you will approach it, caress it and put the frog inside a pot, let it swims, but if you saw there is no more benefit from the frog, you will set fire under the pot and let the frog boiled to death." 
Cane laughed with Iris’s analogy, he found joy to hear her imaginary situation and kissed her lips. Iris let him kissed her until both of them panted. 
"I am sure, you have no scrupulous to kill alpha Derick in battle, neither you will feel guilty." Iris knew what she said was right when she saw how bright Cane’s eyes were. "You only try this method because he still can benefit you." 
Cane pushed her down and hovered above her, he put his palm against her breast and squeezed it lightly. 
"Sometime, it’s not good to be too smart, love." Cane then kissed her harder, leaving all the warriors around the carriage flustered. 
"There they are, having it again!" Ethan grumbled in low voice, while Aliana tried to ignore the noises sound from inside the carriage from the alpha and the luna. 
Well, they were happy for the two of them, especially after what they had gone through, but they would be grateful if they could tone it down a little bit for their sanity. Thank you. 
============================= 
What Iris said was right, Cezi’s condition improved tremendously and a week later, he woke up for the first time. 
All this time, alpha Derick hid Cezi’s progress from prince Kellan, even though he didn’t know why he did this. Maybe because he didn’t want the prince to question him of how Cezi could fight the disease. 
But, what helped the alpha the most was the fact the prince had never really visited Cezi, he only asked about his condition and believed whatever alpha Derick told him. Therefore, it made it easier for alpha Derick to lie. 
Not to mention the prince was too busy to prepare the warriors to go to the battle with alpha Colter’s warriors. The magic users with them could feel the barrier weakened and they were confident they could break through it, which was a great news, since they had been waiting for this moment for months now. 
Alpha Derick was wiping Cezi’s body when he opened his eyes for the first time and the alpha was too shock to react. 
"Father..." Cezi called for his father. His head was slightly dizzy and the sunlight was blinding. He groaned and called for him again. 
Only then alpha Derick snapped back to his sense and approach his son. "Are you alright?" he then asked for a healer secretly to check on Cezi’s condition, this healer came from Celestial Moon pack, therefore he didn’t need to be worried if what happened here would reach prince Kellan. 
The healer then announced the alpha there was nothing to be worried about, Cezi only needed a good rest and he would be like his usual self in no time. 
With that, alpha Derick ordered to bring a bowl of porridge. Their food storage was critical, while they were waiting for the king to replenish it, yet somehow, alpha Derick felt there was something going on in the capital city and the way prince Kellan communicated with king Alan. But, he couldn’t point his finger on it. 
After eating, Cezi had a little bit more strength to sit down and talk to his father. Even though the alpha told him to rest, but he insisted to have this conversation with him. 
"I don’t trust prince Kellan. He doesn’t look like everyone sees him." Cezi remembered a snippet in his mind when he was in so much pain and in his unconscious state. 
The snippet of the image felt like dream, but when his father told him who the person had saved his life, he knew there was more into it. 
The image only lasted for two second, but it said everything. It was about the young prince Kellan and a little girl with bright blue eyes and auburn hair.
The image repulsed him. 
The truth was, Iris knew Cane wouldn’t say anything about her trauma of what Kellan had done to her, because he wouldn’t discuss that with anyone else, but if you saw it in different way, it would help to convince alpha Derick about prince Kellan. 
Therefore, Iris intentionally let it slip. Only a second of it, which was enough to make Cezi determined to dig deeper what Kellan had been hiding for decades and what kind of filthy creature he was. 
============================== 
Days passed since Cane told the Serafim that she was pregnant and from the report he got, Abby had asked Grace to examine her. 
Cane didn’t call the healer, because there was no need for it, since it had been confirmed. The only thing they needed to do was to watch what kind of decision the Serafim would take. 
Meanwhile, the knights from the Holy Kingdom were on the way to Silver River pack, they would be here within two or three days, Koda led them. 
That coward of man insisted to stay behind, saying he was too old for a battle and gave a thousand excuse to Cane for not taking him, which surprisingly Cane gave the permission. Of course, it wouldn’t be as simple as that if this related to this alpha. 
"What do you think the decision that Abby will take?" Iris asked, she laid down lazily on her stomach, on the bed, while Cane kissed her shoulder, down to her spines and then bit her bum, which made her giggled and pushed him away. 
The night was quiet and they decompressed from a long and hard day with the presence of each other. They were too lazy to go out and had dinner in the dining hall, therefore, Cane asked for their meal to be brought here. 
"I think she will keep the baby," Cane replied against her spine, he always thought the dimple above her bum cute, ever since he found it. 
"Hm. I think so too." Iris stretched her body, in hope she could shake away this alpha, but instead, Cane pulled her body up, until she sat down on his lap and sneaked his arms around her flat stomach, while his other hand squeezed her breast. 
"Cane..." Iris complained, she knew where this would end up, but when he lightly caressed her inner thigh, she had nothing to protest, as the fire lit up and it was hard to put it out, until both of them got what they wanted from each other. 
Secretly, Iris had been trying to do something with Cane without the alpha knowing it. Therefore, she had never turned down his advance, though in truth, she enjoyed this moment the most. 
She could even heal the darkest black magic, why wouldn’t she try it? There was no harm to try. 
However, she didn’t let the alpha to know her attempt because she didn’t want him to be disappointed just in case she failed. 
Their night went like that, where they were thrown into the throes of passion and slept in each other arms. 
But then, a shocking news came the next day when Grace came to report something to them in the early morning. 
Cane and Iris’s guess was wrong about Abby. 
"The Serafim asked for abortion and she ordered me to concoct a medicine for it, what should I do, alpha?" Grace glanced at the luna, who was covering her body on the bed with blanket. She knew exactly what happened and had this bitterness in her heart. 
She wished a miracle could happen to the two of them again. She really wanted to see them truly happy. 
"Who asked for it?" Iris asked Grace. She looked shocked by the decision that Abby made. "Is it the Serafim herself?" 
"Yes, luna," Grace replied. 
Of course, Grace would come here right away, once she was asked by Abby to concoct an abortion potion.
###Chapter 835: I HAVE A SUGGESTION
Chapter 835: I HAVE A SUGGESTION
"Abby, think about this again." Liam’s face was a myriad of emotions. He was currently alone with Abby inside the room, while Cedric was standing out there. He was barely speaking with the two of them, ever since he learned about Abby’s pregnancy.
But even so, Cedric did his best to cover for Abby and Liam during this time, telling the other three Holy Knights and the rest of the knights that the Serafim was still recovering and they should let her to rest for a little bit longer. 
Cedric could already feel the disappointment that came from the knights for the Serafim, because of how incompetent Abby was to handle everything. 
They came here with the determination to show those shifters the power the Holy Kingdom, the power of the Serafim. But, as it turned out, their Serafim was a disappointment and it was Luna Iris, who had handled everything, so well, they couldn’t even have a word to retort it. 
More so, there were a lot of questions that circling around the knights related the divine power luna Iris had and the lycan. They wanted the answer, but they couldn’t have it, since no one breathed a word about it since what happened. The tension between the knights and the warriors became more palpable. 
The shifters looked very smug and looked down on them, because it was their luna, who saved their asses from being obliterated by the dragon. 
And by any mean, it didn’t do any good on Abby when she learned about what happened and the way they saw her. It crushed her. Her insecurity had gone so wild without even the problem with the pregnancy. 
"I have thought about it, Liam." Abby avoided his eyes. She tried to look stoic, but her heart was bleeding. "What option do I have?" 
"You can keep the baby." Liam knelt down in front of her, he grabbed her hand and pinched her chin to make her looked at him. 
"And then what? Watching you being punished? Letting them to kill you? You know the rule!" Abby was angry. She was upset, she hated how unfair this world was. "I don’t want to keep the baby!" 
The words she said was like a stab in her bruised heart, but she didn’t budge. She refused to cry and let Liam to talk her down to change her mind about this decision. 
She only had two options; kill the baby, or kill Liam. That was how cruel the reality that was offered to her. 
"In that case, let it be," Liam said in firm voice. "They will not do anything to you or the baby, they will not do harm to you and the baby." 
"Because they thought, the baby could be the future Serafim, but what if the baby was not?" 
The line of Serafim could come from bloodline and this was very common, though in some occasion, the next Serafim would come from random people outside of the Holy Kingdom. 
Facing with the question, Liam didn’t have the answer for that. If the baby was not the next Serafim, Abby and the baby would be pariah in the Holy Kingdom, especially when they found the next Serafim, their baby would live in misery, that was the future that the baby would have. 
However, to kill their baby... 
"Abby, please think about this again," Liam begged her. He couldn’t bring himself to watch Abby went through that. 
"There is no time to think about this. The people from the Holy Kingdom would be here tomorrow. This is the only chance I have." Abby felt her throat was very dry. She wanted to scream on the top of her lungs, or just curled herself on the bed without anyone bothering her. 
"Abby, I don’t want you to go through what luna Iris experienced. You need to consider this carefully." 
Here you could see how unfair the world could be. In one hand, there was a couple, who wanted to have a child on their own, prayed days and nights for them to have their own little family, to hear the cry and laughter of their little one, who would resemble one of them or the mixed of them both, but they couldn’t do it because of myriad reason, but on the other hand, there was a couple, who couldn’t afford to have a child because of their circumstance, because this was not something they prayed for. 
"I am not her, Liam." Abby pointed out the difference between her and Iris. "I don’t even feel the baby yet, I don’t give birth or see the baby. Let’s assume this pregnancy is a wrong call and we will be fine. This is only a hiccup." 
Liam didn’t know what to say with the way how Abby put it in. He stared at her in disbelieve. This was their baby, how she could talk about this very lightly? 
"A hiccup?" Liam let go of her hands and then stood up, he didn’t want to get mad at her, but all of the frustration came crushing down and he couldn’t think rational. 
"Liam." Abby immediately backpedaled, knowing how callous it sounded. "I didn’t mean that..." 
"I am very angry right now, Abby. I need to calm myself down before we talked about this again," Liam said through his gritted teeth. He couldn’t continue this conversation without yelling at her, which would only make the situation worst. 
With that, Liam stormed out of the room, leaving Abby alone, crying when Cedric went inside and consoled her. 
"What should I do now, Ced?" Abby asked, she let Cedric hugged her and comforted her. "I don’t want this to happen." 
Cedric wanted to say that she should have been more careful if she didn’t want this to happen, but that would be very harsh, moreover, thing had escalated to this point, all they needed to do now was to think of a solution. 
"I am sorry, I am sorry." Abby didn’t mean to be in this position and added more trouble to their plate when their situation couldn’t be said as good. 
"Let’s figure out our option." 
But then, what option did they have? The people from the Holy Kingdom would arrive tomorrow and there was no time for a plan aside from an abortion. 
"Where is Grace?" Abby finally asked, she composed herself and wiped tears from cheeks. She had asked the healer to give her the potion as soon as possible, but she had not yet appeared after three hours. "How long it will take to make the potion?" 
"I don’t know, Abby." Cedric frowned. He looked disapproving of her decision too, but it was because you wouldn’t know how her body reacted. It could kill the baby and it meant it would put her body through harm as well. "I don’t know." 
Abby wiped her tears again and then stood up. "I will go and see her." 
Cedric tried to stop her, but Abby didn’t want to listen to him, she insisted to go to Grace’s bedroom and Cedric didn’t have any other option, but to follow her. 
Where they met with luna Iris. She was inside the room, it seemed she was having a conversation with the healer. It was still early in the morning, what kind of conversation they had? 
"Luna Iris," Abby greeted her curtly. 
Cedric nodded at the luna and Iris greeted them back. 
"May I have a conversation alone with Grace, luna?" Abby asked. She knew Grace must have told the alpha and the luna about her decision to get rid of her pregnancy, but they had nothing to do with this. 
After all, her decision wouldn’t have any impact on them. They shouldn’t have gotten involved in this matter that didn’t relate to them at all. 
"Of course," Iris replied calmly, she was well aware what Abby wanted from Grace. "But, before that, can we have conversation alone first? Only the two of us." 
Abby’s face hardened. "This has nothing to do with you, luna." 
"Obviously." Iris nodded. "But, there is no harm to have a conversation with me, right? If your decision is final, there is no amount of word from me that could change that." 
Grace stared at her luna and was actually amazed by how well she carried herself, since she remembered the first time she met her. Iris had completely changed throughout this time. 
Abby looked reluctant, but in the end, she agreed to talk with Iris. 
With that, Grace and Cedric excused themselves to let them having their conversation in this room. The knight closed the door behind him after Grace walked out. 
"What do you want to talk about?" Abby asked, she looked defensive, as if Iris was about to judge her and criticize her decision. 
"Please, sit down," Iris said, she opened her arm to ask Abby to sit down next to her. "Abby, I am not your enemy, you don’t need to put your guard up with me," Iris added when Abby stood in her place and stared at her with her cold eyes. 
But, in the end, she sat down and looked very uncomfortable. 
"You can’t talk me out of this, luna Iris," Abby said impassively, she stared at the distance away, through the window, to the garden next to this room, where children were playing and the sound of their laughter could be heard from here. "My decision is final." 
"Okay." Iris nodded. She followed Abby’s line of sight and watched the children too. "I wish, I still have my babies..." She wished her babies were still here, they would be a few months old now. What they could do? Would they be able to lift their heads? Rolled their bodies? What their first word could be? How about their personalities? 
Iris told Abby about that. She wanted her to be aware of the emptiness she might feel after her decision was made. 
Knowing this wouldn’t help, but at the very least, she knew how it could be. 
On the other hand, Abby didn’t say anything, her eyes still glued to the scenery out there, as if she didn’t even listen to Iris at all. 
"Not like you, I have never met with the baby," Abby said. "What happened to you, will not happen to me." 
Iris nodded. "You are right." She then took a little bottle and then fiddled it between her fingers before she put it down on the table in front of Abby. "Grace had finished the potion. You only need to drink it and it will flush the baby." 
Abby startled, she stared at the bottle, as if it was a poison. 
"I can understand why you choose this way, but if you deemed it worth, Cane and I have another option for you. Do you want to hear it?" 
Iris waited for Abby’s rection, she didn’t push her and looked calm. She didn’t even judge her for her decision. She came here only to offer a way out, adding an option to the limited choice they had. 
"What option?" Abby finally asked. 
Iris took a moment to gather her courage and talk about the option she had discussed with Cane. "Let me take the child." 
Abby couldn’t think of another option, aside from the two she had, but what Iris suggested to her was wild. 
"What?" Abby straightened her back when she heard that. She widened her eyes and opened her mouth to speak, but she failed to say the words. 
Therefore, Iris explained this to her in more detail. "The baby will be able to pass as my child." She waved her hand to Abby and herself. "I don’t know why, but as you can see, you and I look very similar. There must be someone had told you about this too." 
Yes, Abby had heard about it and she agreed. 
"You want to take my baby?" Abby narrowed her eyes. "How can you pass the baby as a shifter child?!"
###Chapter 836: IT WAS A HARD DECISION
Chapter 836: IT WAS A HARD DECISION
"There is no way the baby can shift," Abby said, her mind was racing with her heart, she couldn’t think clearly and her heart now was pounding against her ears. 
"If you have not yet noticed it, I can’t shift too, Abby." Iris pointed this fact out, in which Abby forgot. 
Abby shook her head, she tried to compose herself, but failed. "I heard about the golden eyes of the king’s bloodline and I know your babies had golden eyes, how can you pass that?" 
"There is no need for everyone to see the baby, once the baby was more than a week old and the golden eyes faded, no one could tell." Iris had the answer for every doubt Abby had for this suggestion. 
Cane had talked about this, even though it was only a brief conversation, but he also suggested to raise a child to be an heir and now Abby’s baby would be a great opportunity. With how similar Iris and her was, no one would question the baby and more importantly, no one would challenge him for not having an heir from his flesh and blood, since this matter could be a huge problem in the future. 
Cane himself agreed with this idea when Iris came with this suggestion. He didn’t have any repudiation on it, if this was what Iris wanted, but he warned her about Abby’s rejection. 
For Iris, it didn’t matter, the final decision was still on Abby. She only wished they could find a better solution for this. 
"You want to take my baby because you lost yours?!" Abby was getting emotional, she didn’t know what the right reaction to respond to Iris’s suggestion and she said the thing that she shouldn’t, in which she immediately apologized, knowing her error. "I am sorry, I didn’t mean to say that." 
Iris took a deep breath to calm herself down. She could control her emotion better now. What Abby said was hurt, but she could sympathize with her circumstance. 
"I suggested this not with the intention to take a baby away from their mother. That’s a cruel act. My suggestion stands for giving the baby a chance to live, if it’s possible." Iris stood up. She rapped her finger on the little bottle, she showed Abby before, which filled with the abortion potion. "There is nothing, absolutely nothing, can replace my babies." She caressed Abby’s shoulder. "Think about this." 
After saying that, Iris walked out of the room, she felt a little bit suffocated, but after she composed herself, she felt better and all she wanted was to find Cane. 
"What happened?" Cedric asked, he glanced at Iris and then at the closed door behind her, where you could hear Abby sobbed softly. 
"You can come inside, we have done talking," Iris said and then went to look for Cane. She wanted to be consoled by him. 
But, on her way to find Cane, she met with a little boy, she had not yet seen for a while. The young boy was talking to Zale, as Lil Thing was laying lazily on Zale’s feet. 
The poor bear lost one its ear and every time Iris saw it, she felt so bad. 
"Luna Iris!" the little boy, who was talking with Zale saw Iris and rushed toward her. His face lit up, but Zale was not really happy. "I have been wanting to see you!" he said. 
Iris recognized this young boy. Of course, she knew him. Even though she didn’t stay for long in this pack in the past, but this little boy was always on the back of her mind. 
"How are you, Nolu?" Iris asked with a beautiful smile. 
"You remembered me!" Nolu squealed in delight when the luna remembered his name. He didn’t expect this at all, he then turned around and then looked at Zale. "See? I told you that the luna will remember me!" 
Zale scoffed, he didn’t like it, but he said nothing and focused on Lil Thing instead. 
"How are you, Nolu?" Iris repeated her question. She stretched out her hand to pick a leaf from his head. 
"I am fine, luna!" Nolu replied with excitement. "You are here again! You comeback!" 
"Yes, I do." Iris liked to see this little boy smiled and then fished out a candy from her pocket, which she got from Grace and then gave it to him. 
"Thank you, luna!" Nolu beamed with happiness. 
"I want candy too, luna!" Zale said, he hastily approached Iris and Lil Thing followed, the big bear nuzzled at her hand, asking to be scratched. 
Iris gave a candy to Zale and then scratch Lil Thing. 
"I have not seen you in the pack house, where have you been?" Iris asked Nolu. The little boy and his mother supposed to live in the pack house, but after a few weeks she was here, she had not yet seen him. 
"My mother and I have been living outside of the pack house luna, because after you and all the people left, the Silver Warrior ran rampant and threatened us to leave the pack house. So, mother took me out of the pack house." Nolu then added. "They only left this pack when alpha Derick took over it and used this place as his and his warriors’ base." 
They didn’t meet before when Iris distributed food because when Nolu and his mother arrived, she already left and Aliana was the one, whom they met. 
Iris was surprised this little boy, who looked like the age of seven or eight years old, was having this high awareness of his surroundings and knew what was going on. 
"Where are you going, luna?" Nolu asked. "I will escort you." He took a step in front of Zale. 
"You don’t need to, I will escort her. You can go back." Zale didn’t like it, he pushed Nolu back and stood in front of him instead. 
Iris was amused with the way the two of them were fighting for her attention. "I am looking for the alpha, have you seen him?" 
"Yes!" Both Zale and Nolu answered at the same time and this made Iris laughed. 
"Alright, let’s go together. Lil Thing too." Iris felt her heavy discussion with Abby was not really bothering her anymore. All she needed to do was to wait for what decision she would make. 
In the end, the three of them walked together, with a lazy white bear trudged behind them. Sometime, Iris forgot that Zale came from this pack, that was why he knew this place like the back of his hand. 
On their way to find Cane, who apparently overlooked the rebuilding of the pack member’s houses, which still continued until now, they met a few group of little children, who played around. 
"Luna! Since you are here, we are not hungry anymore!" Nolu said. He then told her about how the Silver Warrior took their money that the alpha left to them and then occupied the pack house, where they couldn’t have an access to food. The winter was so harsh and there were so many people died. 
Zale listened to that casually, for him, there was nothing important to listen to because he had gone through the same thing for years. 
"When the warrior from the Celestial Moon pack here, they overworked us and only gave us a little to eat." Nolu’s expression turned ashen. 
Before, Iris strongly disagreed with Cane’s decision to abandon this pack, but now she was glad, Cane still helped them and treated them equally like the rest of the pack member from the other packs, despite whether or not, he still considered to abandon this pack or not. 
Those little children stared at her, they looked scared, but curious at the same time. This must be because her auburn hair, under the sunlight, the color must be very attention- grabbing. 
In the distance, Iris saw Cane, he was talking with Lou. She didn’t have any idea what the two of them were talking about, but it seemed, once again, the alpha had frustrated the merchant to the point he balled his fists and glared at him, yet Cane didn’t budge, he stared down at him. 
It didn’t take long for Cane to notice Iris’s presence and then shifted his attention from Lou to her and then smiled, which made Lou frowned and followed his line of sight and the sight of Iris made the merchant waved both of his hands frantically and jogged toward her. 
"Can you tame your mate? He almost killed me!" Lou complained frustratedly. Behind him, Cane walked toward them. 
"I didn’t see you are in any form of danger, Lou," Iris said, she held back her laughter when Lou told her how Cane wanted more food from Karam continent and forced him to use his connection to make it happened. 
"Why are you here?" Cane walked past Lou and then kissed Iris on the lips in front of the merchant and the two young boys. His towering figure blocked the sight of Lou. 
"That the sign for us to leave," Zale said, he covered Nolu’s eyes and dragged him away. "Let’s go." 
"Hey! I am talking with her!" Lou complained, but Cane didn’t give him the opportunity to talk more and take Iris away. 
However, when Lou wanted to follow, a warrior came to him to report something about the ship that he requested. 
"Hungry?" Cane asked. The two of them walked hand in hand and all the people could only gush of how beautiful the sight of them. 
"Hm." Iris nodded and then Cane took her to the outermost of the pack and found a big tree, where Cane took off his cloak and used it for her to sit on it. 
Iris didn’t realize, there were two women followed them with food and she couldn’t help, but laugh. "This is like a picnic!" 
Cane waved his hand for the two women to leave after they finished to arrange their food. "There is not much food that left. Earlier, I went to hunt with the other warrior." He pointed at the two roasted rabbits. 
The food indeed not much, but Iris was willing to eat even only vegetable if it was with him. "This is perfect."
With that, the two of them ate their lunch and talked about trivial thing before they came to the main topic that they needed to discuss. 
"Tomorrow, the Holy Knights will arrive. Do you know what the Serafim will decide with her pregnancy?" Cane asked, he put away the plates and the leaned against the three, he pulled Iris closer to rest her back against his chest. 
"I don’t know. I can see that she wanted to keep the baby, but it will be very dangerous for herself if she did that." Iris narrowed her eyes, she stared at the blue sky. "But, from what I heard, Liam is very furious with her decision to get an abortion." 
Cane nodded. He kissed her head and played with her hair, feeling the wind against their skin. 
"What is your plan with alpha Colter and Koda, Cane?" Iris lifted her head to see his face. "I have this feeling that you will not actually let the baby became the king, right?" 
Iris believed Cane had his own plan, but he had not yet discussed it with her. "I have a plan for that." Cane lifted her head even more to kiss her lips. "But, for now, let’s focus on destroy Decratic and deal with the Holy Kingdom." 
Cane’s hands became restless, as he slipped through her dress and squeezed her breast, which rewarded him with a delicious moan into his mouth. 
"Cane... we are in the open... people can see us..." Iris wanted to push him away, but all she did was to pull him closer. 
"I will not let anyone to see you like this, Iris...." Cane murmured against her mouth and his other hand caressed her inner thigh
###Chapter 837: THE FOUR ELDERS WERE HERE
Chapter 837: THE FOUR ELDERS WERE HERE
Cane couldn’t get enough of his mate. After everything they had gone through and how many times he almost lost her, he wanted to be close with her, to feel close with her all the time... 
Her scent was intoxicating and her skin hummed delightfully against his, the way she smiled, the way she pursed her lips, the way she got angry... everything about her was beautiful. 
Her body heat was perfect, making him didn’t want to let her go. 
The way she moaned to the way she responded to his every touch... 
Cane was insatiable, he wanted to devour her whole and even after that, he still couldn’t get enough of her. Her soft skin and her gentle laugh when he teased her or the way she gasped...
"I love you, Iris..." Cane whispered to her ear when he entered her. His thrust was very slow, as he peppered her with small kisses. 
The wind that blew and the rustling sound of the leaves felt ethereal. And under the shade of the tree, they made love to each other, letting the other person knew how much they were loved. 
Iris stared at Cane, her blue eyes looked misty, her legs wrapped around his waist, as they moved gentle with each thrust. 
It didn’t take long for her body to shudder, as her climax was close. 
"Kiss me..." Iris whimpered between her moans, she pulled Cane close to her and he obliged to give her the kiss she wanted. 
Hundred of lights burst from her body when she came undone, moaning into his mouth. Cane came after her, as he grunted and trembled. He filled her, until they could feel the heat of it, leaking from their intertwined bodies. 
It felt surreal they actually could have this moment again, after they thought, such dark period of time. When they thought there was no way out of there. 
"You are heavy!" Iris laughed when Cane’s weighed her down, though he didn’t put all of his weight on her, but it reminded Iris of the past when he did the same thing in the Black Market. It felt like a distant memory. 
Her laughter was infection and this made Cane laughed as well. 
At this moment in time, they felt like they could face everything, anything in this world as long as they were together. The problem with the Holy Kingdom didn’t seem like a problem anymore. They had discussed this a few times before they slept or after they made love with each other. 
It was not the problem with the plan, but how to execute it. After all, their end goal was clear. 
"Get up, you suffocated me." Iris hit his back playfully and Cane bit his mark on her neck before he rolled his body to the side and pulled out from her, which made Iris flinched slightly, she blushed when she felt something trickled on her inner thighs and Cane laughed at her expression. 
The alpha became more relax, despite the tension of the situation. 
Iris sat down and pulled down her dress to cover her legs, while Cane sat next to her as well and stared at his mate, who touched her neck and then looked at him sullenly. 
"You don’t give me hickey again, right?" She was still upset because he gave her a few and made it difficult for her to choose her dress, because she had to cover it. 
"I don’t." Cane kissed her shoulder and helped her to straighten her dress and neat her hair, before he pulled her closer to him, but then Iris flinched, as if he had hurt her. "What happened?" He pulled back. 
Iris rubbed her thigh and Cane pulled up her dress slightly to see the small scar on her thigh, the scar she got when she was being stabbed by Lando. 
"Is it still hurt?" Cane asked, he frowned. The wound had healed, but it left scar, yet he noticed sometime Iris would feel the pain from it. 
"Yes, sometime. Like someone pricked it with needle," Iris admitted. "Or maybe it’s only in my mind." The pain had disappeared now. 
The pain didn’t last long, it would feel like someone pricked you with needle, it didn’t hurt much, but startled you. 
Cane narrowed his eyes, he didn’t like it, especially when he knew where the wound came from. 
"It’s okay, there is nothing to be worried about." Iris could sense Cane’s concern and she didn’t want to add more thing into his plate. "I will ask Haco when we returned to Howling Wolf pack, I hope I have a lucid moment with him. He might know something about this." 
Cane clenched his jaw when he heard that. Iris still didn’t know about Haco’s death, no one talked about him and with everything that was happening and how Cane ordered his people not to mention thing that could make her sad, it resulted with Iris still thinking Haco was still alive. 
"Iris," Cane called her name and then lifted her head to look at her face when he told her as gentle as he could. "Haco is dead." 
The light in her eyes dimmed and her lips were slightly trembling when she repeated what he said. "Haco... died?" 
"Yes." Cane let Iris to process this information and didn’t touch her, so she wouldn’t feel overwhelmed with his presence. He gave her the space she needed. 
In the past, she would have been bawling her eyes by now and her tears wouldn’t stop until a few hours, but right now, she looked sad, grieving, but when she closed her eyes and took a deep breath, she accepted this fact. 
"Was he happy in his last moment?" Iris finally spoke after a long silent. She wanted to know if Haco was comfortable enough in his last moment. 
"He was happy. I was there when he was gone." Cane then told her gently about Haco’s last moment and Iris chuckled a little bit when he let her knew what Haco told Lu, as he let the lycan out to say their parting word. 
"I am glad, he was not alone..." Iris said with a deep sigh. 
Surrounded by countless death didn’t make Iris numb, but she eventually came to term there was nothing last forever in this world, they would find their end, once their time had run out. 
It was only a matter of time and Iris was glad, Haco was not alone and he was satisfied with the way he lived his life. 
More so, he got a proper burial and people cried for him. People didn’t only see him as a magic user, but at the very least, there was a few people saw him as a family. 
Iris really wished she could be there to hug little Celia. The little girl had lost her brother and now, she had to lose a figure that she saw as a grandfather for her. That must be very devastating for her. 
After that heavy conversation, Cane and Iris returned to the pack house, but before that, they met with a few people, who tried to give Iris fruits or games that they could find when they went to hunt. 
Iris was touched by how they accepted her and thanked them for that. 
The rest of the day went uneventfully, they didn’t hear anything from Abby or what decision she had made. Grace also didn’t come to report anything to her, she only said Abby took the abortion potion, but she couldn’t tell whether she drank it or not. 
For Cane and Iris, whether Abby would take their suggestion or not, it wouldn’t change the whole plan for them. 
And the next day, the people from the Holy Kingdom finally arrived at noon, where the Serafim and five of her knights, the alpha and the luna stood in front of the gates to greet them. 
Iris thought, she would meet with Rei again, since the last time she stabbed him in the Goffa mountain, she had never seen him, not even when Decratic reached his full power when he managed to put darkness into her heart. 
However, the man was not there. 
The existence of Rei was still a big mystery and Abby still refused to talk about him and there was nothing much they could get from the knights, as they were very tight lips about everything that related to the Holy Kingdom. 
Iris glanced at Abby, looking for a sign, whether or not she took the potion, but it was hard to tell. Abby often looked pale, like she was sick. 
"The four elders are here," Liam growled the words, as if the presence of them put a bad taste into his mouth. "Why there is no information about them in the letter?" 
"Do you really think they will announce their presence if they didn’t want to?" Cedric replied, his eyes hardened to see the four elders, whose sitting on the horses galloped closer to them. 
However, before they could reach the pack gates, they stopped and knights created a barrier in front of the elders. 
"Monsters!" one of the elders screeched with the sight of Vermeyes. "Kill them all!" 
For the people in the pack, they had gotten used to see these monsters and was no longer bother with them, since they did nothing, simply loitering around the fortress. 
More so, Cedric had mentioned this in his letter, but apparently, it became a problem now. 
"He sounds like a trouble," Lou said in low voice, as he stood next to Iris. He was late like usual and squeezed himself among the people to stand close with her. 
"You said the right thing for the first time," Redmond chimed in, because he heard that, but he pushed the merchant away so he wouldn’t be too close with Iris and Ethan used this opportunity to insert himself between them, to create more distance for the luna and the merchant. 
Lou scoffed, feeling annoyed he moved closer to Cane. 
"What do you want to do now?" Lou watched a few knights took their position and Cedric hastily approached them to explain that he had mentioned it in the letter that the monsters were not dangerous, wondered whether the head knight had told them yet or not. 
"Let them sort their own problem," Cane replied curtly. He wouldn’t join with the argumentation and wasted his breath. 
The appearance of the four elders was a shock even for the knights. They didn’t expect for them to come here personally. 
More so, Cane’s people didn’t say anything about this, which could be mean, the knights intentionally hid the fact the four elders came with them. 
But, for what reason? 
=========================== 
Annete, Shilla and Cassy. 
Those were the names of the three little girls, who used to visit prince Kellan’s tent with the pretext they were there to accompany Arella, who couldn’t do anything. 
However, after some close observation, Cezi could draw a conclusion that despite prince Kellan said, they were there to accompany his sister, but the three little girls wouldn’t visit if prince Kellan was not there. 
Cezi wanted to tread this carefully, his father still refused to believe him, but alpha Derick had become less against him too. 
Until in one morning when all the people were busy for the final blow to the Diandem pack, where their protection spell had been weakening, Cezi found a way to sneak into the tent, where they put the three little girls. 
This tent was nice, there was a few toys and the girls were dressed nicely, but when they saw Cezi, he could feel how scared they were toward him, they huddled at the corner, hugging each other, but didn’t dare to make a sound. 
Kellan had trained them to be quiet. 
"Hey, I am not here to hurt you..." Cezi said, as he moved closer toward them, his voice was gentle and he tried not to scare them away.
###Chapter 838: CEZI’S SUSPICION
Chapter 838: CEZI’S SUSPICION
Whatever the narration that prince Kellan told him, Cezi was not convinced when he saw with his own eyes how these three little girls were. They didn’t look like a happy child, who received a good treatment from the prince. 
However, it was a tricky situation to get them talking because Cezi didn’t have much time, as he was in hurry to join with the other warriors, but at the same time, he couldn’t force them to speak, or else, they would clamp up even more. 
"Listen to me," Cezi said with urgency. "I am here to help you, but you need to tell me what is going on." Cezi glanced at the entrance of the tent, worried someone would step in and find him here. "Nod your head if prince Kellan has been treating you badly." 
The three of them stared at him with fear in their eyes, they were crying silently and when there was no answer from them, Cezi felt frustrated. He couldn’t stay a little bit longer now. 
"It’s okay if you don’t want to explain to me, but let me know if the prince has been treating you badly," Cezi asked one more time. "I am here to help, not to hurt you." And when they refused to do anything, only stared at him, he decided to give up for now. He just started with his investigation, he didn’t want prince Kellan caught a wind of this. 
However, when he stood up and was about to leave, one of the little girls rushed toward him and tugged his sleeve, stopped him from leaving. 
Slowly, with fear still plagued her beautiful eyes, she nodded and then rushed back to the other two girls, huddled themselves at the corner. 
It was a small gesture, but that was enough to convince Cezi that prince Kellan was not as decent as he showed it to the other people. 
He balled his fists and then left the tent without anyone noticed it, pretending like nothing happened when he met with prince Kellan to start the battle against Red Claw pack, who had been hiding in Diandem pack all this time. 
"Are you ready?" prince Kellan asked Cezi and alpha Derick, who were standing on his left and right side. Both of them nodded and the prince roared to the rest of the warriors. "ATTACK!" 
================================ 
Cane let them tried to kill the monsters, but it was not easy to kill them, especially when there were not many monsters attack in their continent. 
They needed at least, fifteen knights to handle one Vermeyes, meanwhile, there were around ten Vermeyes there. For shifter like them, hey only needed two or three of them to deal with this monster, which showed the difference of strength. 
"If they are going to kill all the monsters before they entered the pack house, I think they will only step in after a week," Lou complained to Liam, while watching Cedric, who tried to convince the elders that the monsters were not dangerous. They had been tamed. "This is wasting my time, I would rather have sex with my woman than to watch a bunch of stubborn decrepit." 
Lou was true to his word, he waved his hand toward Sabian and Nala, who was still staring at the alpha from the distance, telling them they would go back to the pack house. Nala wanted to complain, but she clamped her mouth, from the corner of her eyes, she could see Kian glanced at her direction and immediately followed Lou and Sabian. 
Her relationship and Kian was ambiguous, it couldn’t be said they were in a good term, but definitely she was not satisfied with the way Kian stuck with Iris and had never spilled anything important about his luna to her. 
Nala felt she was wasting her time and her body to get nothing in return. 
"Cane, don’t you want to do something? What are we waiting here for?" Redmond and Ethan started complaining as well, they looked annoyed. Their first impression toward these four elders was the same like a nightmare. 
However, instead of heeding their protest, Cane turned toward Iris and asked her instead. "Are you tired? Do you want to sit down?" 
Redmond and Ethan looked at each other and scrunched their noses. It was them, who had been complaining, but why the luna was the one, who got to be asked? 
"I am fine," Iris smiled at Cane. She knew why Cane let this situation, it was because he wanted to feel these newly came knights, especially the four elders. Cane used this moment to observe them, so did Iris. She started to pick up his habit too. 
And with that, Iris moved closer to Abby, who didn’t do anything. If the whole Holy Kingdom centered in Serafim’s power, it meant, Abby had the same strength like those four elders, if anything those four elders should be the one, who listened to the Serafim. 
But, what Iris saw was how timid Abby was, it reminded her when she was still with her father and brother, the vibe Iris felt when Abby stared at the four elders was a mixed of fear and hopelessness. 
"Don’t you want to go and stop them?" Iris asked Abby. She wondered whether she had taken the potion or not, or whether she was still pregnant. 
Abby and Liam didn’t stand too close, it felt like there was a distance between them. 
"They hold the higher decision maker in the Holy Kingdom." Abby sounded cold when she said that, she watched how Cedric was being scolded for letting the monsters to live when he had weeks to kill them all. 
"I thought your word is equal with them, you are the Serafim after all." Iris tried to feel the dynamic within the Holy Kingdom and where exactly the Serafim’s position was. 
Abby didn’t answer that, but her silence made Iris think her guess was right. From the corner of her eyes, he saw Cane was talking something with Jace and the beta came to approach the elder and Cedric to talk about something in low voice, which made their expression turned furious and they directed their anger toward Cane. 
Iris returned to her mate’s side and whispered to him. "What are you saying to Jace to provoke them?" 
"I told them to enter the pack now or they can return to their kingdom and take the Serafim along with them. They are wasting everyone’s time here," Cane said, which made Iris raised her brows. 
"I thought you are going to play safe with them," Iris asked him. 
"The change of plan, since we didn’t expect to see the four elders here too." Cane accepted their angry glare and didn’t even flinch at all, as he kept talking with Iris, ignoring them. "If we folded now, they would step on us more in the future. They need to understand that respect is something you should earn, not demand." 
"Well, I like that," Redmond muttered. 
In the end, the four elders let the monsters, which were still loitering around the fortress and led their knights to enter the pack. 
Actually, after so many weeks they spent with these monsters, most of the warriors and the knights didn’t bother by them anymore. 
"Alpha Cane, luna Iris," one of the elders greeted Cane. His eyes widened when his gaze fell on Iris and for a moment, he couldn’t utter a word, as he was stunned, so did the other three elders. 
This was the reaction that Cane wanted to know. He knew many people said something along the line of how his mate looked very similar with the Serafim, as if the two of them were siblings. Therefore, it was very important for Cane to catch their first reaction when they saw Iris. 
"Sir Xarex," Cane greeted him in the same way, while Iris nodded at them politely. 
Xarex was the head of the elders and even though he was no longer young, but you could feel how he could be very intimidating. His back was still ramrod and his expression was hard, with a pair of sharp eyes and white hair, he looked like a war veteran instead of someone, who spent his time inside a library and discerning a scripture or two in his day to day life. 
"The monsters are filthy creatures, you shouldn’t let them live," Xarex spoke to Abby now, he was still sitting on his horse, but he would occasionally glance at Iris. 
He had heard about what this luna could do and he wanted to know more detail about her and meet her in person, but he was still shocked to see the close similarity between Iris and Abby. They were like siblings. 
Their resemblance looked very eerie. 
"They don’t attack us. They are there to protect the fortress from the enemy," Abby replied, she straightened her back, but it was clear to see that she was not comfortable with this confrontation. 
Xarex narrowed his eyes, but he didn’t continue with this argumentation. "Let’s all of us get inside, there are a lot of things to be discussed and I heard a few things that’s hard to believe, so I want to confirm it." 
The elders were still sitting on their horses, thus when Xarex talked, he looked down on them, asserting his dominance, but even when Cane was in lower position, you wouldn’t be able to shake off his strong presence. 
"At the very least, he should get down from his high horse to greet us, what the hell with these people?" Redmond hissed viciously, he was annoyed beyond word, he glanced at the alpha, but it didn’t seem like Cane was going to do something about this. 
Ethan was not happy as well, he folded his arms in front of his chest and glared at the elders secretly. 
However, Cane acted nonchalant by the way they disrespected him and simply turned around and helped Iris to get into the carriage and then came inside also. 
Abby got into her carriage too and the alpha’s carriage led the way toward the pack house, where some people had waited for them in the pack house and escorted the elders to their respective room and the knights to their quarters. 
They were going to have a meeting after lunch together, which meant, there was still two hours before they would have a long discussion and Cane insisted for Iris to take a rest, since she would be there too. 
"You need to rest too, you know..." Iris sighed deeply, her heart ached to see how Cane was barely having time to rest and when thing around them didn’t seem to be calmed down soon, it could only mean, her mate wouldn’t have enough rest in the future. 
Iris pushed him down to the bed, but he pulled her with him, so she fell on top of him, as he started to kiss her neck, but this was not the rest she wanted. This was not rest at all! 
"No, Cane..." Iris tried to move away from him, but he kept her close. "Cane. No." This time, she said it more firmly, which made Cane stopped his action. "I want you to rest." 
Iris then wriggled her body and moved to sit down, she pulled his head to rest on her lap, as she started to massage his temple. 
"I am not good with this, but I think it will help you to relax," Iris said. She wanted him to relax for a bit. His body was very tensed. 
"I am fine, you will be tired..." 
"Sst..." Iris cut him off. "Just close your eyes okay." 
"I will not sleep knowing you tired yourself, Iris," Cane said, but he closed his eyes because she asked him to do so. 
"Do you want me to tell you story?" 
"I am not Lu." 
But, a moment later, Iris could feel his body relax and his breathing was even.
###Chapter 839: THREE SERAFIMS
Chapter 839: THREE SERAFIMS
"Are you, okay?" Cane asked, concern in his voice to see how Iris hobbled, her thighs were numb because he used them as pillow when he slept two hours straight. He didn’t wake up at all during that time and Iris didn’t move her body, scared she would wake him up. 
At the first half an hour, Iris was happy to see his sleeping face, but after an hour, she started to feel uncomfortable and when the two hours passed, she felt numb. 
And now Iris was sitting on the bed, while Cane massaged her thighs. 
"Next time don’t do this," he said in stern voice, reminding her that he didn’t want this to happen again. Iris didn’t answer him, she didn’t want to make a promise that she wouldn’t keep.
Of course, next time she would do it again if by doing that could ensure him to take some rest. 
Sensing Iris’s little rebellion, Cane pinched her earlobe. "Don’t do it again," he said more firmly now, still Iris didn’t answer him. 
In the end, they were late to be in the meeting with the elders, actually they would start to have discussion after lunch, thus when Cane and Iris arrived, they were halfway eating their meal and the look the four elders gave to them was nasty. 
At the long table, each party occupied each side of the table, thus there was no one sitting on the head of the table, but the four elders took a seat in the middle, while the Serafim and her five knights also the head of the knights sat on their left and right side. 
Meanwhile, on the other side of the table, between Jace and Ethan, there were two chairs that still empty, which for the alpha and the luna and this made the two of them had to sit down in front of the elders. 
Elder Xarex was sitting in front of Cane, while an elderly woman sat next to him. 
Next to Jace was Aliana and Grace, while next to Ethan was Lou and Redmond. The five of Iris’s warriors stood in the front door of the dining hall, so did a few of the knights. 
The tension was already very thick and this was not the atmosphere that you wanted to have when you stomached your food. Ethan and Lou had put down their cutleries and waited with bored expression, while Redmond ate his food just because he had something to do, while the rest of them ate quietly, but the look on their expression would make you wonder, whether they were eating food or stone instead. 
Cane took Iris to sit down on the empty seats, he didn’t apologize for being late and actually Lou and Ethan like this. This must be Cane gentle revenge on how the elders looked down on him when they greeted them in the gates. 
’This will be interesting.’ Lou thought about this for himself, this excitement was what kept him stayed and endured the irritation. "Here, eat this, you look tired!" Lou happily put a piece of meat on Iris’s plate. 
However, to do so, he had to pass Ethan and Cane, which of course, was not an easy task to do, because the gamma took the meat and ate it before it could reach Iris’s plate. 
"Why do you give her meat? Can’t you see? The alpha has taken care of her," Ethan said with innocent expression when Lou looked so livid. He changed his cutleries because the gamma touched it with his mouth when he ate the meat. 
Lou glared at Ethan, but he caught Cane’s eyes and realized this was not a condition to bicker with each other, so he harrumphed and clamped his mouth. His red cloak was as red as his annoyance. 
Of course, because they were late, the rest of them had to wait until the alpha and the luna finished with their meal and neither Cane nor Iris seemed being in haste to eat quickly. 
Xarex narrowed his eyes, he looked very hostile now. He used to people respect him, thus what Cane and Iris did was completely unacceptable. 
Meanwhile, Abby was brooding, she didn’t seem like she was in the room, as she stared at her plate, where she only ate half of her food. Beside the Serafim was Cedric, while Liam was sitting at the other side of the elders, the knight didn’t even try to glance at her. 
"Finally, you finished with your food. I think I am going to sleep at this point." Xarex didn’t even try to be polite with Cane when he talked with sarcasm. 
"If you are very tired, we can talk about this later," Cane replied casually, as he poured water into Iris’s goblet. 
Xarex was the symbol of how most of the Holy Kingdom saw shifter, they were always thinking of them as the creature that was not their equal because they were half human, half beast. They were only slightly higher than animal in their eyes. 
Most of the warriors were well aware of this resentment and that was why, even though they went into a battle together, they didn’t really connect with each other. 
"Should we wait for you to take a nap, or can we move to our discussion?" Cane asked Xarex. He held his anger really well and this elder was clearly not able to handle a provocation. Bit by bit, Cane observed him and studied them. 
"I heard about the power that your luna holds," Xarex finally said, he was wise enough to drop his pettiness and decided to move to the important problem. "I want to see it. From the report I received, she held divine power too." 
"There is no way, someone aside from a Serafim will have a divine power. There must be something wrong here." An older woman next to Xarex spoke for the first time. 
Her hair was still black, but her expression was very stern and there was no kindness in the way she stared at Iris. 
She was elder Rose, the previous Serafim.
###Chapter 840: THREE SERAFIMS (2)
Chapter 840: THREE SERAFIMS (2)
Elder Rose had been observing the luna ever since they met in the gates. Her gaze was deep and she was intertwining her fingers on top of the table with her body leaned forward to get a better look of Iris. 
On the other hand, Iris glanced briefly at Abby, who didn’t seem to be interested to see her displaying her power. 
They had made a deal with each other before, but as it turned out, what happened was out of their hand and there was no way to keep it as a secret anymore, since it would be ridiculous and more unbelievable if Iris denied her power now people had seen her and witnessed with their own eyes how strong her power was. 
Without saying anything, Iris stood up and let out her power. It was as easy as breathing for her now. 
The dining room was flooded with light, as the people from the Holy Kingdom were astounded by what Iris could do. They knew how the divine power was and what they felt from Iris was exactly that, if they could say, she had stronger divine power than Abby. 
For a moment, they didn’t know what to say and Abby could feel they glanced at her, as if asking how someone from this continent held the power of the Serafim? As if she could magically find the answer for the question.
Abby remained silence and for the first time, Liam stared at her, his gaze was complicated. 
"There is no way this could happen..." The other elder muttered to herself, as she watched the divine power that Iris displayed. She was Rose, the previous Serafim before Abby. She stepped down from her position when they figured out the sickly baby, who is no other than Abby was the next Serafim. 
Now, Rose was over sixty five years old and she formally stepped down from her role ten years ago, which meant, Abby was formally introduced as the Serafim when she was only ten years old. 
The twisted part of the whole thing was; Serafim Rose was Abby’s mother, but she was more of a mentor for her than a mother and by time, Abby used to act around her as her disciple instead of her daughter. 
The first time Abby was introduced with her role as the Serafim was when she was three years old. 
Ever since then, Abby’s life revolved around all the thing that related to the Serafim and her role. The responsibility on her shoulders and the expectation from the people around them. 
Rose was a great Serafim, she led a great war fifty years ago, where their continent was attacked by a massive number of monsters, which led to the extinction of the salamander and that was around the time when Lu’s soul used Haco as his vessel. 
Rose had another daughter, Gabriel, which was Abby’s older sister, but the age gap between them was too far, thus the two of them were not really close, because Gabriel could be mistaken as her mother instead. 
"How?" Rose stood up when the light gradually faded away and Iris was finished with her performance. "How can you do that?" she narrowed her eyes. The previous Serafim still looked very sharp, even though she was not young anymore. 
Iris could see why people’s expectation on Abby was very high, because even when Rose was no longer holding the title as the Serafim, her presence was very strong, seeing her figure alone would demand your utmost respect, she must be a queen, if she lived in this continent, or someone that you didn’t want to mess with. 
Therefore, Iris understood how much pressure Abby had to continue the legacy, since she was a contrast different from the previous Serafim. 
"This will be a long story, please sit down," Iris said, she was not exaggerated when she told her this would be a long story, since she had to explain everything, not only about the first Serafim’s life essence in her, but also about Lu’s soul that resided within Cane and what she understood about Decratic. 
Rose didn’t immediately sit down, but when Xarex nodded, she sat down and didn’t say anything, allowed Iris to speak. 
The room fell into silence, while the rain started pouring down out there when the sound of it blended with Iris’s soothing voice, telling her story. 
It was not only what kind of step they would take next based on how the elders took their stance after hearing the story, but it was also how they would take the information and what kind of respond the elders had when they got the confirmation that Cane was the lycan and most of the story about this lycan during king Aeon’s time was false. 
Everyone’s eyes were on her, but Iris was not having a hard time to elaborate everything, because what people didn’t see was, Cane’s hand that held hers under the table, gave her a courage she needed and lessened her anxiety whenever she became the center of attention, leaving Iris to focus on her story and him. 
============================== 
"This is crazy, this is crazy..." Bion muttered to himself over and over again when they finally managed to take down alpha Colter’s warriors and ransacked Diandem pack. 
It was not difficult, because the moment they managed to take down the gates and entered the pack, there was not much resistance from them, since they had been starving for days because they had emptied their food storage weeks ago. 
The food in this pack was not enough to feed all alpha Colter’s warriors, his magic users and the pack member of this pack. 
"This... this is insane..." Bion wanted to vomit. 
On the other side, Cezi had gagged and emptied his stomach to see the sight before him. 
The reason why alpha Colter and the rest of the warriors managed to stay alive for weeks when their food storage had been emptied was because they consumed the only flesh, they could find...
###Chapter 841: A BETTER UNDERSTANDING
Chapter 841: A BETTER UNDERSTANDING
Cezi regurgitated and was having a hard time to discern the horrendous sight before him. He was not a weak man by any mean, but what happened in this pack for the last few days was beyond anything that he ever encountered. 
Alpha Colter was immediately secured, Diandem pack had fallen, most of the warriors had been executed, but half of the pack member of Diandem pack had gone missing and what they found here would shake you to the core. 
Because when they scoured the pack, one of the warriors found a pile of carcasses. Some of the corpses only had their bones left, but there were some that still looked intact and only lost some parts of their flesh, what’s more, they found a magic user who was secretly eating these corpses. It seemed that the magic user had gone crazy after having to fight to survive in a very sadistic way. 
The sight was hard to see. 
However, Kellan didn’t seem to have the same reaction. He only furrowed his brows and ordered the warriors to clean up this place. He didn’t find what happened here as something disturbing. 
"Bring alpha Colter to my tend and gather all the magic user. Kill all the warriors and put all the pack member in one area!" Kellan ordered them from his high horse and then he rode away toward their campsite. He was not going to stay there and watch the mess, there was something more fun that he could do back in his tent. 
=========================== 
"I Just received a report from Andelus Continent," Cane said, as he brought the letter to Iris for her to read. 
Both of them were cuddling inside the blanket after a long day with the elders, in the end, they didn’t say much and asked for time to think everything thoroughly, but it was obvious that they still saw Cane as a threat and the lycan that resided in him was something that they should get rid off, no matter how many times Iris explained to them that they needed the lycan, since he was the sixth sword that the first Serafim created to kill Decratic. 
Still, the elders didn’t see it in that way and Cane made Iris stopped to defend him, because he could sense how frustrated his mate became. 
Thankfully, the elders were still having their rationality and didn’t make a decision right there and then, which would cause more trouble than good. 
"Andelus continent?" Iris read the content of the letter and then discovered the fact that Elder Rose was the former Serafim and she was actually Abby’s mother. 
"This is not a secret, but people doesn’t talk about it too," Cane explained about why they didn’t receive this information earlier. "It seems, people more concern about the fact their current Serafim is very weak, but there is another theory about it." Cane gave the second letter to Iris for her to read. 
There, Iris learned that there was a resentment from Elder Rose toward Serafim Abby, because she had her when she was already very old for being pregnant. 
Elder Rose was forty seven years old when she was pregnant with Abby, it was an accident, probably she was thinking she wouldn’t be pregnant at her age, but as a Serafim, God forbade for her to get an abortion, since there was a chance the child would be the next Serafim. 
The time when Elder Rose was pregnant with Abby, Gabriel, Elder Rose’s first daughter was clearly not having divine power and as Elder Rose grew old and her body wouldn’t be able to keep up with her duty as the Serafim any longer, the people from the Holy Kingdom tried to look for any sign for the next Serafim, the news about elder Rose’s pregnancy spread and they anticipated for the baby to carry the line of the Serafim, which Abby did. 
However, Abby turned out not to meet with their expectation. 
Which meant, people had a lot of anticipation and view on Abby ever since she was still inside her mother’s womb, people talked so high about whether or not she would surpass her mother’s power, but when their expectation didn’t meet and as it turned out, Abby was nothing like the previous Serafim and she was born with sickly body, probably due to Elder Rose’s old body, they started to look at her with judgment and disappointment. 
That was why, Elder Rose didn’t seem to see Abby as her daughter. She resented her for exhausting her body even more with the pregnancy, in which she didn’t have a say in it and because of that, she didn’t really bond with her youngest daughter, coupled with the disappointment for her weak ability and constitution, Elder Rose always emphasized, she was Abby’s predecessor as a Serafim and wanted to be respected as that, not a mother to her. 
"This is just his theory, but I think he hit the point," Cane said after Iris finished reading it and she agreed with him, Cane’s man in the Andelus continent’s assumption was on point. It explained a lot of things. 
Iris wondered whether she saw it wrongly or not, but she saw the resentment in elder Rose toward Abby, which she could be mistaken, but then after reading this, she understood the dynamic within the Holy Kingdom better. 
"How old Gabriel?" Iris asked. She put away the letters and snuggled against Cane, feeling the heat from his body and this was very comfortable. 
"She is currently forty five," Cane replied and Iris raised her brows with a shocking expression. 
"She can pass as Abby’s mother." Iris pointed it out and Cane nodded. 
"That’s why he wrote younger people in Andelus continent tended to make a mistake that elder Rose was Abby’s grandmother and her sister was a mother for the Serafim. Even though, the dynamic between elder Rose and the Serafim is nothing like a mother and daughter." Cane kissed Iris’s shoulder.
###Chapter 842: NEW INFORMATION
Chapter 842: NEW INFORMATION
The blood relation between Serafim Abby and Elder Rose was not discussed much because they put their focus on the role of Serafim itself. 
This was the reason why they didn’t talk much about the fact elder Rose was the Serafim’s mother. It was a secret that was not really a secret among the people in the Andelus continent, especially with the younger generation. 
"Cane, don’t you think there is something more?" Iris supported her body with her elbows and stared at Cane, while the alpha caressed her back. 
"There is definitely something more into the story," Cane agreed. 
It would be hard to believe Cane was actually having a lengthy discussion with someone, discussing about everything when the alpha used not to give an explanation when he gave an order. 
Even more when no matter how hard the conversation was; the two of them seemed relax and talked this out as if this was only another hurdle that they needed to overcome. 
Iris then rested her head against his chest and murmured. "Why do you think Abby and I look similar? The similarity is hard to ignore." 
Cane knew what Iris wanted to talk about. This was their current concern too, about Iris’s origin. But, it was hard to tell when there was no one to confirm about this. 
Iris sighed and stretched out her hand to caress his stomach, feeling his abs against her palm and then moved down to slip her hand under his pants, which caused Cane to groan. 
"Iris..." Cane hissed. He noticed Iris had been like this for the past few days. She seemed to find another way to get a pleasure. 
Cane didn’t find this weird, he only thought Iris wanted to explore about sex more, which he gladly complied. Before, she liked it when she was on top of him and now this. Cane didn’t complain and play along with her. 
However, before things could escalate, they heard a knock on the door and Ethan’s voice travelled inside the room, which annoyed Iris. She lifted her head and glared at the closed door because of the interruption. 
It almost looked like she was ready to berate the gamma for bothering them at late night. 
Sensing her annoyance, Cane laughed and pulled her back for a hug. "There must be something important." 
"I know," Iris said sullenly. 
Cane then allowed Ethan to enter the room and the look that Iris gave to him telling him that he was not welcomed here, which made the gamma wanted to cry. Why the luna looked so fierce by day? 
"Kellan managed to get Diandem pack, alpha Colter is with him. He will be publicly executed a week from now in Diandem pack’s fortress, unless you and the representative of the Holy Kingdom meet him in person and enter Diandem on your own willingly." 
In another word, Cane and the representative would come to Diandem pack without any protection and surrendered themselves to Kellan. No one could guarantee their safety if they agreed to the term. 
"What?" Iris frowned. "That’s suicide. You will not come, right?" 
The news came just now and Ethan immediately delivered it to the alpha. 
Iris then straightened her back and sat down, she looked at Ethan and Cane back and forth. "Don’t you think this is bad? How dare he suggested that?" She frowned, because she could sense Cane was not surprised at all. 
But, Iris was not the only person, who was confused with the lack of reaction from Cane. Ethan didn’t understand why Cane was still calm, he didn’t even furrow his brows. 
"Not really," Cane replied. He then got off the bed and went to get something from under the bed, it was a small box. Iris recognized that box was the same box Redmond delivered to Cane. 
Redmond found the box as per Cane’s instruction and immediately rushed here, but then he tangled in a sudden battle. Thankfully, the box was alright. 
Iris knew what was inside and immediately alerted when Cane gave the box to Ethan. 
"Give this to Elder Xarex. Ask him to confirm the contain and if he had more question, I will gladly answer them." 
"What is this?" Ethan asked, he didn’t have any idea what box was that, neither he knew the true reason why Redmond rushed here. 
"Something they are looking for." 
"Can you spare my poor brain and give me a straight answer?" Ethan felt like he wanted to cry. He felt excluded, especially when he saw Iris’s expression and noticed she knew what was inside the box. He felt like he was a step child for being excluded. 
"A map," Cane replied curtly. "And also tell Koda; ’Do it on the fourth day’." 
The news about the fallen of alpha Colter spread throughout the warriors and reached the elders. They were immediately alerted, because it meant, they had to change their plan. 
The plan was that they were supposed to go to help alpha Colter and hit back the warriors from the royal family and also from the Celestial Moon pack, cornered them back to the capital city but as it turned out, Kellan had moved first and alpha Colter was no longer be able to hold back the assault. 
That was what people knew, but the truth was more than that. 
Most of them forgot about how cunning Cane could be because of the attack with the monsters and how Decratic tried to destroy them by using all means. The past few months were very chaotic when they met a lot of hardships. 
But now when the time came, Cane showcased his wicked side again. 
"I don’t believe it..." Ethan was talking with Aliana on the fourth day of the news about what would happen to alpha Colter spread. They were in the middle of the preparation to go to Diandem pack, the problem about the Serafim and the lycan was postponed temporarily. "How can I not notice it?" 
Aliana chuckled. "You shouldn’t be surprised anymore at this point." 
Ethan groaned. He felt stupid. 
The reason why Cane focused on rebuilding Silver River pack and took his sweet time to stay in this pack was not only because he wanted to use this pack as his base, but because he wanted to buy time. 
If Cane really wanted to take his warriors to march to Silver River pack, it wouldn’t take more than a month and alpha Colter would be saved by now. 
The alpha actually wanted to let Kellan to do the job. Cane wanted Kellan was the one, who battled alpha Colter and took him down, which left his hands clean from the crime. After all, from outside perspective, Cane was helping alpha Colter to put baby Vemion on the throne and all of them were on the same side. 
It would put Cane on the bad light if he was the one, who made a move on alpha Colter, especially with the fact the people from Holy Kingdom watched his every move because the secret about the lycan was already in the open now. 
However, on the fourth day when they were about to leave, Koda came with a shocking revelation.
###Chapter 843: LIAM TWISTED STORY
Chapter 843: LIAM TWISTED STORY
The first day they received news about alpha Colter failed to defend Diandem pack from Colter attack, the Elders received a box from Cane. 
But before that, they were in a heated argumentation with Abby. The four of them were sitting on their high chairs, while Abby was standing in front of them, her five personal knights were kneeling down behind her. 
"You are such a disappointment, Abby." Elder Xarex stared at her intensely. His gaze alone was enough to relay how much disappointment he tried to contain. 
Abby was silent. 
"How long do you want to prove all of those people right to assume you are the weakest Serafim?" Elder Rose asked, her expression was hard. She still couldn’t get over with the fact the luna was holding divine power of the Serafim. 
The story about the first Serafim’s life essence in her body was hard to be believable. She inclined not to believe that, yet the truth was before her eyes. It was something that she couldn’t deny. The power luna Iris held was very strong, if she had to admit, the luna was even stronger than herself. 
"How can you fail to mention all of this in your previous letters?!" Elder Rania asked harshly. She narrowed her eyes. "Are you trying to hide it?" 
Her guess was not wrong, that was Abby’s intention in the beginning. She even stooped so low as to claim Iris’s achievement as her own, which left Abby with a deep embarrassment for her action. 
Abby didn’t need them to point out her error, she already knew it. She blamed herself for all of the failures and wrong decisions she had made. Under her sleeves, she started picking her nails, until the skin around her nails was bleeding. 
Meanwhile, the fourth elder didn’t say anything, he watched everything unfolded and remained silent. He was the only one that didn’t say much ever since they arrived in the Silver River pack. He didn’t even ask any question during Iris’s explanation, neither he showed a surprised expression when he met Iris for the first time, seeing how similar she was with Abby. 
This was Elder Dandolf. 
"How you failed to mention that to us, Serafim Abby?" Xarex asked with dark voice. "Answer me!" He roared when Abby didn’t say anything. 
Liam immediately stood up and spoke on Abby’s behalf, because he couldn’t stand it anymore. "This is not Serafim Abby’s fault, Elder Xarex." 
"Who did allow you to talk?!" Elder Xarex’s roar touched the roof when he saw the knight inserted himself in this conversation. 
Cedric gritted his teeth, he failed to stop Liam from doing something stupid. Like this, he would get Abby into more trouble than to save her. 
Liam didn’t budge, he slightly stood in front of Abby, brushing her hand, since he knew what she was doing with her fingers. 
"Allow me to explain the situation Elder Xarex," Liam spoke in calm and polite manner, in order to soothe Elder Xarex’s anger. "Luna Iris put Serafim Abby in difficult position." 
"If there is something she needed to tell us, she needed to say it herself!" Elder Xarex threw a dagger look at Abby, this time she lowered her head, because she couldn’t handle such hatred mixed with disappointment look any longer. 
Abby had been in this kind of situation a few times in the past, but she didn’t think she would ever get used to it. She wished, she was stronger and was not as useless. She hated herself and... her title. 
It was Elder Rose, who finally reminded Elder Xarex that the more he pressured Abby, the more she wouldn’t talk. 
In the past, when she was only fourteen years old, Abby had stopped speaking for a month when they pressured her for being better in order to control her power, which left them frustrated and became a little bit lenient with her. 
Because the more they put pressure on her, the messier she became. Therefore, there was time when they neglected her and there was time when they became a little bit harsh with her training. They used all the methods they could think of to make her improved. 
Yet, the result was still farfetched from their expectation. 
"Let him speak. We need to know what exactly happened here," Elder Rose said with her stern voice. She stopped staring at Abby and shifted her attention at Liam. 
Elder Xarex took a deep breath and grunted for Liam to start speaking. 
Liam balled her fists, he hardened his decision. "Luna Iris withhold the fact about the lycan until recently and she... hid her power, until she summoned the Sylph in one of the battle with the monsters, but because she just lost her baby, Serafim Abby showed her compassionate and let her mourned, but then after a few days, when Serafim Abby wanted to talk about the power she held... she threatened to kick us out of their pack and fed us to the monster." 
That was not a complete truth, because Liam made it look like Iris was the one who threatened to kick them out when it was actually Cane who had done it and more so, Liam didn’t give the context. 
His narration misled their speculation and opinion. 
"Luna Iris and alpha Cane have been trying to find more about Holy Kingdom and our secrets. Serafim Abby was in difficult position. The number of our knights have been depleted because of war." 
"The secret of our Holy Kingdom?!" Elder Xarex slammed his hand against the armrest as he stood up. He was livid. "How dare he?!" 
Elder Rose also stood up. "What have you said to him?" 
"Serafim Abby didn’t reveal anything, but because of that, they watched closely our movement. They skimmed our letter to the Holy Kingdom, that’s why we couldn’t tell you in detail and ask for the reinforcement instead. In hope with more knights on our side, we will have an opportunity to explain the situation in detail." 
That was not true, Cane had never intervened with their letter, more so, they used the Salamander to deliver it, which meant, he was not there when they wrote the letter until they received feedback from them. 
Cedric frowned, he knew that was not right, but he didn’t interject. He would ask Liam later. 
Elder Xarex then asked the other three knights, but they didn’t know for sure, since it would always be Cedric and Liam, who were closed with Serafim Abby. 
But then, Elder Rose tried to confirm this with Cedric. 
"Is that true?" Elder Rose asked. 
Yet, before they could listen to the answer, someone had knocked on the door and one of the knights came with a news about alpha Colter, who had been captured by prince Kellan. 
Not so long after, a knight also came with a small box. 
"The gamma of the pack delivered this box from the alpha." He stepped forward to give the box to Elder Xarex and then added. "There is a message from the alpha, he said; if you have any question, you can ask me." 
Elder Xarex didn’t seem to be happy to hear that, but when he opened the box, all the elders frowned to see a blank fabric. 
Yet, after a few moment of inspection, Elder Xarex then unfolded the map and stretched it for a better look. He let his power flew and he was right about this worn out fabric. 
"That’s the map." It was Elder Dandolf, who stated it. He came closer and took the map from Elder Xarex’s hand. "This is indeed the map to the Great Shrine," he confirmed it. 
Everyone gasped when they heard this revelation. 
"How could the alpha be able to get a hold of this map!?" Elder Rania was furious and flustered at the same time. This was an important item in the Holy Kingdom that had gone missing for decades. They had been looking for this for so long! "How can this map in his hand?!" 
There was no one have the answer for the question and just like what the message said, they had to ask this to Cane himself. 
With that, the meeting with the alpha immediately issued, not only about the map, but they had to discuss about what they had to do with alpha Colter and how to save him. 
During the meeting, it was only Cane, who attended with the other four Elders, while Iris was absence, so did Abby and the five knights. 
Meanwhile, Liam was punished for his misconduct and was locked inside his bedroom, not allowed to leave and participate to Diandem pack. 
In the meeting, Cane told them truthfully about how he got the map. There was nothing he had to hide for, since he also didn’t know about the map until recently. He also told them about Haco, but unfortunately for them, they couldn’t find fault with the old sorcerer because he had died. 
The map was Cane’s leverage to get them on his side and soften their prejudice against the lycan. He showed them a good faith by giving the precious map, thus they shouldn’t have held it against him for the fact the soul of the cursed creature resided in him. 
Their decision about the lycan had not yet finalized, thus Cane still had a chance to get them on his side. It would give him a benefit in the long run. 
Four days latter when they were about to leave to Silver River pack, Koda came with a shocking news, where he told them about the army of magic users under alpha Colter’s command.
###Chapter 844: I WILL WAIT FOR YOU
Chapter 844: I WILL WAIT FOR YOU
It was known that aside from the king, there was no one could have such a huge number of magic user, especially when they used them as the attacker in a battle. Raising an army of a magic user was a huge crime against the Holy Kingdom, since all the magic users were under the protection of the Holy Kingdom. 
Of course, Koda told this as per Cane’s instruction. He was willing to do this because he was racked with anger after learning alpha Colter and Laluna tried to dismiss him. 
They should know not to backstab him because he could do the same thing to them. He knew what kind of information that could bring alpha Colter down and ruined his life. 
Cane was right, this was the perfect time to deliver the blow. With this, alpha Colter couldn’t retort and he could save himself, since the alpha couldn’t out him for his own dark and dirty secret. 
Everything was about the right timing. 
"A hundred magic users?!" Elder Xarex was enraged, so did the other three elders. 
They were about to leave when Koda came with this news. All the preparation was ready and they determined to save alpha Colter for his merit to save the Serafim when they came here the first time. 
However, hearing this, Elder Xarex couldn’t contain his anger. 
"How dare he breached the rule?!" Elder Xarex was fuming. He glared at Koda. "And you just tell me now?!" He was upset because it reminded him about the problem with Abby and Liam. 
The two of them were the same, giving him late information. 
While Koda was facing the wrath of Elder Xarex and the other three, Iris and Cane were sitting inside their carriage comfortable. 
This carriage just arrived two days ago. This was the same carriage that Haco had put some spell, so no one would be able to listen to the noise from inside, prevented outsider to overhear the conversation from the people inside the carriage. 
Even though the sorcerer had long gone, the spell was still working. 
"You are very devious, Cane," Iris commented, she giggled to herself to watch how Koda was having a hard time to say a word to explain himself about why he just told them now, because Cane didn’t give any instruction about this and he couldn’t come up with a satisfying answer for the elders. 
"What did you say?" Cane pinched Iris’s chin, he was amused by her choice of word. "Devious?" 
Iris laughed to see how Cane tried to intimidate her. In the past, she wouldn’t even dare to breathe a little bit louder when his face was only an inch away from her and his piercing black eyes penetrated hers. 
However, Iris became bold now. She actually smirked at him and explained with her clear voice. "You let Kellan to deal with alpha Colter and make the elders deal with Koda, while you are out of the picture. No one will blame you if they met their demise when in fact, it’s you, who moved them all." Iris narrowed her eyes. "Devious." 
Cane was speechless, if it was someone else, they would have paid for what they said, for cussing him right under his nose, but then, it was his sweet little mate, who just found a way to taunt him. 
Yet... 
It didn’t mean he couldn’t punish her, right? 
"You should watch what you said in front of an alpha, love." Cane brushed her lips with his thumb. These pretty lips smiled instead when she heard that. 
"I am the luna. What the alpha will do to me now?" Iris’s blue eyes danced with mirth when Cane groaned. 
"You are getting bold." Cane closed the window, preventing the sound of alpha Xarex’s angry voice came inside the carriage and ruining this mood. "You need to be punished, luna." 
Iris was about to say something, but Cane had devoured her lips. She knew it would end like this and somehow, she learned how to turn him on. Actually, it was not that hard... just teased him here and there, and he would show her his frustration. 
But, maybe, the reason of it was simply because it was her... 
"No, you will not get what you want," Cane grunted sternly when she tried to reach to his phallus and instead pinned both of her hands on top of her head, held them with one hand, while his other hand ravaged her body. 
"Cane..." Iris whimpered and moaned his name... 
Cane started to nibble on her earlobe, which made her squirmed and tried to shake him away, but unfortunately, she couldn’t. It was ticklish, but at the same time, Cane pressed down his hardness against her opening, which made both of them groaned in impatient. 
They were desperately wanted to feel each other. 
Thankfully, no one could hear them. 
While there was a couple, who was having their own pleasure, there was another one, who was going through a torture... 
Abby supposed to leave with all of them to Diandem pack, but she intentionally hang around a little bit to find a chance to talk with Liam. 
She had not yet seen him for the whole four days, she was not even allowed to come closer to his room. Cedric had reminded her over and over again. If she was being caught, she would endanger Liam even more. 
Especially if the Elders learned about her pregnancy. 
Abby was only a little bit over two months, she was not yet showing, but she could see there was a little bump on her lower abdomen and every time she saw it, she would be devastated. 
She wouldn’t be able to hide this pregnancy for long, because three months from now, people started to see it. 
"Liam..." Abby called for him. She knocked on the door and tried to open it, but it was locked. 
Cedric finally agreed after he watched Abby cried for days, she didn’t eat properly and didn’t sleep. She would stay awake for hours, staring at the distance and suddenly cried. 
Seeing her like that, Cedric didn’t have any other choice. 
Therefore, he gave her half an hour by taking the guard, who stood in front of Liam’s bedroom to help him with something, but that was all he could do. 
"Liam... it’s me." 
Abby could hear movement from behind the door and then Liam’s voice could be heard, whispering back to her. 
"Abby? Is that you? What are you doing here?" Liam sounded panic, but he was also relief to hear her voice again, so did Abby. The last time they were talking, they were fighting and she didn’t want to leave without making sure he was fine, that they were fine... 
"Liam, can you open the door?" 
"No," Liam replied darkly. "They lock it from outside and only open it when they gave me my meal." 
Abby really wanted to cry when she heard that. She wanted to touch him, she wanted him to hug her and tell her that everything would be alright. He was only behind this door, but why it felt like he was so far? As if he was out of her reach... 
The silence that stretched between them felt very heavy. Why life was so hard on both of them? 
Abby touched the rough surface of the door, as if she was touching him instead, she closed her eyes and a silence tear fell on her cheek. She missed him so much... 
"I am sorry," Liam said from behind the door. "I am sorry for yelling at you." 
Abby shook her head, but then she realized Liam couldn’t see her, thus she forced herself to speak. "That’s not your fault, Liam. I am wrong... I am sorry." 
There were a lot of things they wanted to say to each other, but in this precious moment, why their silence was louder than the words they wanted to say? 
"I can understand if you didn’t want to keep the baby..." Liam felt his chest was very heavy. "But, please... please, Abby... there must be another way." 
"I hope we have different option." Abby touched her stomach, as more tears fell on her cheeks. She bit her lip to prevent herself from crying out loud. 
"Wait for me, Abby. I will be there as soon as possible." Liam would be locked for one more week before he could catch up with them to Diandem pack. 
"I will." Abby nodded. "I will always wait for you." 
"Don’t cry, Abby..." Liam said tenderly, he wished he was there to wipe her tears and offer some comfort. 
"I am not." Abby let her tears fell on the floor. Her heart ached. 
"I know you are. I know you." Liam and Cedric were with Abby since she was little, the two of them were appointed as her personal knights by Abby herself, because she wanted them close to her. 
They were the only people she was comfortable with among immeasurable pressure and judgment. They were the people that important to her and Liam was her safe heaven. 
============================== 
It took them three days to reach Diandem pack with a long entourage mixed of warriors, knights and magic users. 
But this time, they did not come with the intention to save alpha Colter. They would take back Diandem pack, but not to spare the alpha’s life. 
"I can’t believe this!" Eron groaned when he found Zale had been following them. "Someone really needs to tie you so you will stay!" The warrior was frustrated. 
"I am not going to stay!"
###Chapter 845: A WICKED ALPHA
Chapter 845: A WICKED ALPHA
This was the second time Eron found Zale had been following them when he supposed to stay behind. This young boy was a nightmare! 
But now, Eron wondered how could Zale follow them for days without them noticing it. Before also like this, they didn’t knot that he came along until days later, when it was already too late to send him back. 
"Let me go!" Zale growled at Eron, as he had an ironclad grip on his collar. 
However, from a far they could hear another warrior informed them that they found another one that followed them too. 
"Lil Thing is here!" 
All the warriors were already familiar with this fluffy white bear and actually they liked this lazy bear, they simply couldn’t understand how it could turn very ferocious in the battle, but barely move most of the day. 
Lil Thing wriggled its butt when it walked leisurely among the warriors and nudged Zale. 
"Not only you come here, but you also bring Lil Thing with you!" Eron was really upset. 
Yet, Zale retorted. "I didn’t bring Lil Thing with me, this bear is the one that followed me, because of it you found me!" Zale threw a dagger look at Lil Thing. His hiding place was discovered because he had to take care of this white furball along the journey, since Lil Thing refused to go back. 
"Both of you have the same personality!" Eron growled. 
But, before Zale could talk back to Eron, Iris came over because she heard the commotion and the first thing she saw was Lil Thing, since this creature’s size really stood out among the warriors and knights. "What happened here? Lil Thing?" 
"Not only Lil Thing, luna." Eron pushed Zale forward so Iris could see him. "He is also here." 
"Zale?" Iris was speechless. The thing that surprised her was because she didn’t even surprise to see Zale was here. This was not the first time he had been following her, but obviously, this wouldn’t be the last time. 
Zale lowered his head. He knew that he couldn’t come because they were going to battle prince Kellan, who behind there were the remaining four packs, including Celestial moon pack. 
To put it simple, this was not the place for him, yet he still wanted to come, so he could be close to his luna. 
"What should we do, luna? Should we send them back? They must be able to find their way back," Eron suggested. 
Right now, they were taking a break and the alpha was with the Elders along with the merchant, the beta and the gamma, thus leaving only Iris to decide what they needed to do with these two creatures. 
As if sensing the situation, Lil Thing moved closer toward Iris and acted spoiled, as it rubbed its head against her shoulder, asking to be scratched behind its right ear. 
However, Iris’s heart ached to see how Lil Thing lost its left ear. How she had the heart to send these two back? 
"Have you eaten?" Iris asked Zale, as she scratched Lil Thing’s ear. Zale shook his head. "When the last time you ate?" 
"The last time I ate was yesterday morning. Lil Thing ate all of my games!" Zale growled at Lil Thing, but the bear ignored him. 
Iris sighed, in the end, she ordered Eron to prepare food for the two of them and let them came, since there was no point to send them back. 
"Luna, you are too kind," Eron groaned. 
"Be nice, Eron. He is only a child." 
Eron didn’t agree with her, but he couldn’t deny the order. 
Later on, Iris told Cane when he returned to their carriage and the alpha didn’t seem to mind it. 
Having Lil Thing and Zale would add more protection to his mate, so why would he mind it? In turn, Cane told Iris about the brief meeting he had with the elders. 
"Cane, don’t you think that’s too dangerous?" The thought of Cane entered Diandem pack with Elder Xarex and Abby only made Iris restless. She didn’t want Cane to be in the enemy’s nest, but even more for him to be near Kellan. 
Iris knew Kellan was not even a match for Cane. Her mate could end his life right there and then in one on one fight, but she still felt very restless to think that man was so close to her mate. 
Kellan was like a plague and Iris didn’t wish for Cane to be anything as dirty and nasty as him, it felt like he could contaminate him with something so bad. 
"You don’t need to worry," Cane reassured her, he kissed the tip of her nose and cupped her face, staring at her blue eyes closely. "If anything, I am looking forward to meet with him." 
Cane was not the only one, somehow, Lou showed a great interest to this mission, the merchant didn’t even come late in every meeting about their upcoming attack. He was very eager to reach Diandem pack, in which left Ethan frowned with his enthusiasm. 
"Stop knitting your brows...." Cane kissed both of her eyes. 
Still, Iris was not happy with the result of the meeting, though in Cane’s opinion it was perfect. She still felt uneasy for Cane to be near Kellan. 
Iris clutched the front of Cane’s clothes and kissed him. She wanted to feel him, so her heart could calm down a little bit. 
============================ 
"They agreed to meet me and discuss about the situation," prince Kellan told alpha Derick and Cezi after he received the latest report. "They will be here by tomorrow." 
"I am glad to hear that. Cane has made a great decision." Alpha Derick sighed in relief when he heard the news. If Cane and the Elders agreed, it meant, there would be no battle at all. 
Alpha Derick didn’t want to fight Cane, not only because he was his best friend’s son, but also because he had saved Cezi’s life. 
It was actually Iris, who had done it, while Cane only made a good use of the situation from alpha Derick’s predicament. 
Cezi only nodded, indicating he agreed and was happy with the report, but his eyes fell on his little sister. He had a lot of things to think about and it was actually great that Cane would come here. He only needed to find a way to have a conversation with him. There were a lot of things he wanted to ask. 
"Cezi!" Alpha Derick raised his vice and patted his shoulder. "I am talking with you." 
Cezi lifted his head and saw prince Kellan was staring at him. He gathered his composure and answered their question briefly. "Even if there is a hidden plan, what can alpha Cane and four elders do against our forces?" 
Prince Kellan looked satisfied, he then continued his discussion with alpha Derick, while Cezi went back to his deep thought, only half following the conversation between the two of them. 
Finally, the day of their meeting came and they would meet in Diandem pack’s border, from afar, you could see how massive the warriors and knights that Cane brought with him. Their number increased significantly after the reinforcement from the Holy Kingdom came. 
"I only wanted to tell you good news, maybe you can be rest in peace after this," Kellan said. He crouched down in front of alpha Colter, but he knitted his brows when he saw the alpha was actually unconscious. After a good beating, he was unable to stay awake. "Pour water on him." 
A warrior came and poured a basket of cold water over alpha Colter’s head, which made the poor old man screamed. He knew this would be another torture, but then he saw prince Kellan and started cursing him out. 
"Can you stop yelling at me?" Kellan tilted his head, he gave this nonchalant smile. "I graced you with my presence because there is good news for you. You must be happy." 
Alpha Colter spat on his face, which was something that Kellan didn’t expect at all. 
"What?! The only thing that could make me happy right now is to see you being torn into pieces!" Alpha Colter roared, he spat at Kellan again, but this time he could dodge it and immediately stand up. 
A harsh kick then landed on alpha Colter’s face, until it broke three of his teeth. 
"Fucking idiot!" Kellan growled viciously. "You know that Cane and the four elders will enter my territory within an hour from now? You know what’s that mean?" 
Alpha Colter was coughing blood, but he was listening attentively. What Cane planned to enter Kellan’s territory with only four elders? 
"He ate my bait and now I am going to bury you alongside with him. You just wait, I will cut your body little by little!" Kellan said like a maniac. He was in a good mood, or else, he wouldn’t have stopped kicking alpha Colter after he spat on him twice! 
However, to his surprise, alpha Colter was laughing out loud. "You must be the one, who is idiot if you thought Cane took your bait!" alpha Colter continued laughing, even though his inside was almost killing him. "You are not as clever as him. there is no way you will be able to outsmart him!" 
Right at that time, a warrior came to inform Kellan that the alpha and his forces had reached the territory. 
"You can wait," Kellan scoffed disdainfully. "I will bring his head to you so you can see that he is nothing."
###Chapter 846: THE LUNA, THE ALPHA AND THE ELDERS
Chapter 846: THE LUNA, THE ALPHA AND THE ELDERS
Elder Xarex glanced at Iris. He had this weird look on his face every time he looked at her, but it was understandable, since what happened with Iris was an anomaly. 
There should be only one Serafim, but it was very obvious Abby and Iris held the same power. If anything, Iris was way stronger than Abby. Not only that, they looked pretty similar with red eyes and blue eyes, though Abby’s hair was in darker shade. 
The thing about the Serafim and the lycan was also postponed because of the war within the kingdom, Decratic and Iris’s declaration that only the lycan could help her to destroy Decratic since the sixth sword was him. 
They had never heard about the sixth sword before, but from what they heard from the knights, that was true. The sixth sword existed and Iris fought the dragon while riding the lycan, holding the sword to strike the majestic creature. 
"Is that prince Kellan?" Elder Rose asked. 
"I heard he is cripple," Elder Rania chimed in. 
"Decratic healed his legs," Abby explained to them in formal tone. The way she talked to Elder Rose didn’t give you an indication that they related by blood. They had so far gone from being mother and daughter. 
Cane saw Iris entered the carriage from the corner of his eyes, he knew it was still hard for her to be in close proximity with Kellan. Even when she held a strong power, she still dreaded the thought of being close to Kellan. It had nothing to do with power. It was about how she felt and how it brought back memories that she didn’t want to remember... 
The shadow of him alone would turn her into that helpless little child, who couldn’t do anything, the dreadful feeling that grip her heart and how she was unable to defend herself. 
Once again, Iris would turn into that pitiful little girl with the mention of him. 
Cane then told Aliana to stay close with Iris. He ordered her to enter their carriage and stay with her. 
Aliana was confused with the order, but she did exactly that and stayed with the luna, while the alpha and the Elders went to meet with prince Kellan. They should be the one, who came to their campsite and entered their territory, without the protection of the knights and the warriors, because that was what Kellan demanded of them. 
Iris was right, this was simply a suicide... 
"Are you okay, luna? You look so pale." Aliana held her hands and to her surprised they were very cold. "Your hands are so cold. I will get more blanket for you." 
"No, stay here, Aliana." Iris grabbed her hand and prevented her from leaving. She didn’t want to be alone, because it only worsened her anxiety. 
Iris was not sure, which one worse; knowing Cane was out there with Kellan without sufficient protection or insisting to come with him and face Kellan. 
Not only that, she had to calm herself down, she couldn’t let the darkness consumed her again, but this feeling was very strong. The feeling of anger, helplessness and the urge to do something violent. The darkness crept on the corner of her mind and she had to get rid of it, because this exact feeling was what made Decratic grew stronger. 
"I will put the blanket on you, okay..." Aliana draped a blanket on her body and then hugged her luna. She was worried, because Iris had been so well recently. "Do you want me to call for Grace, luna?" 
Iris shook her head. "No. I am fine. Let me stay like this." She closed her eyes and concentrated to get a control over her feeling and mind again, while Aliana assumed the luna was taking a nap, though hit was weird, but she didn’t make a peep and let her to rest. It was a long journey after all and it was so great that she didn’t fall sick. 
Meanwhile, Cane and the four elders reached the campsite, where prince Kellan, alpha Derick and Cezi greeted them. Behind them, there were around a thousand warriors, mixed in their human form and beast form, while the rest of their forces were doing something around the campsite on the background. 
"It’s a pleasure to see you again, Cane!" Kellan greeted Cane as if they were an old friend. He didn’t even shy to approach him first.
Cane and the four elders dismounted their horses and there were a few warriors came forward to take their horses. 
Hearing the greeting, none of them answered it, they were silence. Cane didn’t even spare alpha Derick and Cezi a glance, which made them very uncomfortable. 
If only Cane asked something from them when he saved Cezi’s life, probably it wouldn’t weigh on their conscience to the fact they were scheming him right now. Alpha Derick wished Cane wouldn’t come at all and let them execute alpha Colter. 
"I know you have a mixed feeling about the whole situation, but let’s discuss this peacefully..." 
Kellan talked some more, but it seemed only the elders, who paid close attention to what he said, while Cane had to reign his anger and the wrath of the lycan within him. He could feel Lu was trying to breakfree and harbor an idea of how to end Kellan’s life right there and then. 
To Cane’s amusement, the lycan actually had a thousand different way to give the prince a pure torture from hell. 
In the end, Kellan invited them to his tent and served them with drink. 
"Don’t worry, this is safe. I am not keen of using poison," Kellan said, he directed his eyes at Cane. "Right, alpha Cane?" 
All of them knew, aside from the elders, what the meaning behind Kellan’s words. 
It seemed, the moment he realized he didn’t need to put on ’the kind prince’ mask anymore, his action and his words became more daring and provocative. It almost like he was now free to be himself, which was nothing, but an imbecile in Cane’s eyes. 
"Yes, I should have used different method," Cane replied nonchalantly and to their surprise, Kellan laughed out loud, he didn’t take offense on that. 
"What do you want to discuss?" Elder Xarex interrupted when prince Kellan couldn’t stop laughing, even alpha Derick and Cezi became uncomfortable with tis side of Kellan. 
The mask slipped off even more and the face behind it was something they didn’t want to see. 
"It’s very obvious, isn’t it?" prince Kellan stopped laughing, but his eyes gleamed with malice. "I will exchange alpha Colter’s life and everything will go to normal as long as you gave up your control over all the south packs and for all the Holy Kingdom’s people to return to their continent and will never get involved in the problem of this kingdom." 
"Do you really think alpha Colter’s life meant that much?" Elder Rose narrowed her eyes, that was an outrageous demand and Kellan knew that. 
The prince only wanted to provoke them. Alpha Derick tried to talk to him in low voice, because this was not what they agreed upon. The direction of this conversation was where they were heading to. 
Cane nodded. "So, if I am the one, who killed alpha Colter myself, will you give up your forces?" 
The elders furrowed their brows at Cane. This was not the discussion they had talked about. It seemed, Cane and Kellan had created their own conversation. 
Elder Xarex interrupted immediately. "Before anything, I want you to learn about Decratic and what kind of destruction this creature will bring. This is not too late to change your side." 
The elders assumed prince Kellan was not really aware of the calamity Decratic brought to this realm and tried to explain the situation in more depth. 
However, Cane didn’t think like that. He only agreed to this method because he was sure alpha Derick and Cezi would listen to the explanation, while for Kellan... Cane was certain, he already knew about it. After all, it was Decratic, who healed his legs. 
================================ 
Hours passed and when the sun set, Iris became more restless. 
It had been more than eight hours ever since Cane and the elders left and they didn’t know what happened to them there. 
"Luna, you need to eat something," Aliana said, coaxing Iris to eat. She didn’t touch her lunch and now her dinner was left untouched too. 
"I can’t eat, Aliana. The food tasted like sand in my mouth." Iris pulled her hair, her habit whenever she felt uneasy. 
Right at that time, before Aliana could persuade her more, someone knocked on the carriage door and she immediately knew it was Lou, his scent was rather familiar to her now. 
"Iris, I need to talk with you." Lou’s voice was unusually serious. "Come out for a while." 
"I will tell him to leave, luna," Aliana said, but Iris grabbed her hand to stop her and shake her head. 
"No. I will talk with him, there is something I need to confirm." Cane told her about Lou’s birthmark and she assumed, that was the same birthmark like what Zale had behind his back too. 
Iris was uncertain about the detail, but she knew they were related to one another. 
"Let’s have a walk, there is something I want to talk about." Lou said. He didn’t grin, nor he smiled like usual, whenever he saw Iris came out of the carriage. 
"Yes, let’s walk." Iris nodded. 
Aliana draped her cloak and let the two of them. She looked worried for the luna and the alpha...
###Chapter 847: PURE FACTION MOVEMENT
Chapter 847: PURE FACTION MOVEMENT
"I will not make thing difficult for you, Iris," Lou spoke after they found a quiet place, where the shifters and the knights wouldn’t be able to hear their conversation. 
Iris was a little bit uneasy, because Lou was not usually very serious like this. He was always smiling and calling her name as if he was singing, but right now, you could see how much he was holding back his emotions. 
"What is it, Lou?" Iris narrowed her eyes. She didn’t have any idea what kind of thing this merchant would talk with her and started to think whether or not she said her piece first, lest the topic Lou brought was too heavy and she couldn’t confirm her suspicion about the birthmark. 
However, Lou didn’t stay quiet for long before he said it, crystal clear. 
"Did Kellan do something horrendous to you when you were little?" Lou asked, his eyes penetrated hers, as if he could read her mind, which made Iris staggered back. 
Iris had been dreading this since this morning and her anxiety didn’t get better as the time went by, but now Lou brought this exact topic to her face. 
On the other hand, the merchant didn’t want to have this conversation in the beginning. He was having his own struggle before he decided he couldn’t not to ask Iris to confirm his assumption. 
Cane didn’t say it outright, but the way he talked to Cezi, that was the direction Lou was thinking and even if Cane made up a story about it, it didn’t make sense, since it would hurt Iris, but even more, Lou didn’t wish for that to be true either. 
However, Iris’s reaction confirmed that and the merchant couldn’t contain his anger. 
"So, is that true?" Lou growled. He didn’t mean to be harsh on her, but his anger burst out, flooding in his veins without him being able to control it. 
That fucking bastard! 
"So, this is the memory that you forgot? The same pain like when you lost your children?" Lou asked through his gritted teeth. He didn’t want to be harsh with her, but this anger was very foreign to him. 
Lou used to be upset, but being this angry... he had never felt these strong emotions before, aside from when he watched his own mother was being burned to her death, but after that, he lived his life nonchalantly. He didn’t let anything get through him, but Iris was an exception. He himself didn’t know why she was different. 
The thought of something bad happened to her stir his sanity. He wanted to destroy anything, everything! His eyes blazed with rage. 
Iris tried to free herself from Lou’s grip. He held her shoulders so tightly, it hurt her, but the pain was nothing with the dreadful feeling that currently washed over. She didn’t want to talk about this! Especially with Lou! 
However, Lou was consumed by his own furry. He couldn’t think straight, neither he could think wisely of the way he acted and the choice of his words. 
Iris was shocked, her teeth were chattering and she balled her hand into fists, until her fingers stabbed her palms. 
Yet, Lou was seeing red. He wanted nothing, but Kellan’s blood in his hand. He didn’t even want to imagine the detail of it. To be honest, he couldn’t careless if he did that to another child, but to her...? He was going to kill him over and over again! 
He wished, he wouldn’t die easily! Death was a mercy for someone like him! 
But, it wouldn’t take long for Lou to make it happened, because not long after, they heard a loud explosion in the distance. That was their sign to move! 
"I promised you, I am going to bring his head to you," Lou said in all seriousness. He swore, he was going to give Kellan hell. He would beg to be killed! 
After that, Lou left, he would lead the magic users, while Jace would lead the shifters and Cedric, the knights. The three groups marched at the same time toward the campsite. 
Aliana didn’t go with them, she stayed behind with Eron and Dyne to accompany Iris. Of course, Zale and Lil Thing didn’t go with the masses. They would follow later in the back row, so they wouldn’t be in danger. 
"Are you, okay?" Aliana could see how Iris was shaking. She didn’t know what the conversation between her and Lou, but whatever it was, it left her in shock. "Come, let’s go back to the carriage." Aliana helped Iris to stand up and they went to the carriage. 
Eron and Dyne sat on the coachmen seat, while Aliana and Iris stayed inside the carriage and Zale was riding Lil Thing behind them. 
Iris closed her eyes, she tried to calm herself down and not allow the negative thought to consume her. Lou shouldn’t have brought the topic with her, but the merchant couldn’t help himself and now she had to deal with the aftermath. 
"Here, drink this." Aliana a glass of warm water into her hands, which were very cold. She looked very worried for her luna, but she didn’t pursue the reason why, since Iris wouldn’t tell her. 
Outside, you could hear the commotion was getting louder, the sound of growling and roaring beasts filled the night, as the smell of blood and something vicious from the dark magic and magic were thrown in the air. 
Abby and her three protectors brought up the rear, as she tried to fight the dark magic and protect their people from harm way. 
In the beginning, the elders insisted for Iris to join Abby, since her power was magnificent, it would be a waste if she didn’t help. 
However, their request was not really genuine, they wanted to see how far Iris could go and how powerful she was, they wanted to witness it with their own eyes, now Abby’s image had shattered because most of the knights had seen it for themselves how strong the luna. 
The news about Iris had divine power had spread wide and far, along with the news about the map. The map to the Great Shrine had been founded! 
The news about all the crucial things that happened in the Ogregon continent reached Rei. The pure faction was in uproar, as they learned their waiting had finally ended. The first Serafim had been resurrected. 
"Master, you are right! You are completely right!" A man was kneeling down in front of a bed, which was closed by thick curtain. If you didn’t know any better, you would assume there was no one inside. 
However, there was this deep and rough voice that answered him. 
"I am going to go to see her. Prepare everything, we are going to leave in a week." Rei was having a hard time to breath, the wound from Iris’s stab in the past was still there, it healed very slowly. 
Rei knew about Iris and the first Serafim’s life essence inside her, but he didn’t have any idea about the map was with Cane. In the past he went to black market to look for it, but that was also the place he met with her for the first time. 
However, news about Iris was not something he shared with his followers, they also didn’t have any idea where he got this stab from. 
Rei had his own reason why he hid it from them... 
"Master, your condition still needs more observation, more so the elders had gone to that continent. Why not write a letter and order them to bring the first Serafim here?" They assumed, their master also just learned about it. 
"We are leaving in a week," Rei repeated what he said, as if he didn’t hear him. 
The man was about to persuade his master again, but his fellow friend elbowed him to stop and both of them resigned themselves to prepare everything their master needed for this journey. 
"Na..." Rei sighed her name, as he closed his eyes. He touched his chest and felt the wound. This stab had weakened him. 
To be precise, it was her divine power that had weakened him. 
Rei got off the bed and opened the curtain that hid his figure from his followers, as he walked limply, as he pressed his palm against his chest. This body was getting weaker... 
However, Rei was not the only person, who became weak after their encounter with Iris, later on when the luna got the first Serafim’s wisdom. 
Inside the deepest forest, in the Celestial Moon pack territory, the place that they called as an Untouched Land, there was this small kid with wrinkle skin that writhed in pain, wailing in agony after he devoured a whole monster by himself. 
Alan was trembling, he pressed his body against the rock of the cave, he was naked. No one bothered to give him clothes after the one he had had been tattered. He had forgotten when the last time he touched water to clean himself. 
He had been living in this nightmare for days, or maybe for weeks, or months... he had lost time. His sanity started to wear off. 
Especially when this horrendous creature had been put here. 
Sometime, Dexter or Zeke would come to hold him down, so the creature could drink from his blood, therefore, he knew who this creature was... 
Alan kept calling his mother, asking for her to save him, though he knew she wouldn’t care to come... he looked more like an abandoned child. Pitiful and dirty.
###Chapter 848: I CAN HANDLE THIS
Chapter 848: I CAN HANDLE THIS
Alan had spent his time in this wretched place so long, until he didn’t even realize that his mother had long gone. No one cared to tell him, no one felt the need to say anything to him. He was alive because he was too afraid to die and because Decratic needed him. 
Only Corry, his previous advisor, who still saw him with pity and gave him a good food if he could, but he was rarely to be seen in this place. Decratic seeming sent him somewhere for different task. 
Alan curled his body even more against the hard rock of the cave wall when he saw Zeke entered the cave with another monster for this little horrendous creature to eat. 
His grandfather didn’t even spare him a glance and then walked away after the little boy devoured the monsters. 
Decratic was so weak right now, but he started to replenish his power, while Dexter and Zeke were having a hard time to heal the dragon. 
But, this was not the end. They still had their follower to come. They would arrive within a few days after some trouble in the Karam continent. 
"This was not over yet, my lord..." Zeke looked over his shoulder to the little boy, whose munching on the Deadeye’s stomach. 
The little boy grinned when he felt this turmoil in the air. That woman was agitated, there was something that bothered her greatly. Decratic didn’t need to guess, since he knew, who had caused that. 
That man came to handy... 
Being close to him would disturb her peace. 
It was not easy after their first encounter, but it was not impossible too to drag her back to the darkness. It was like a tug of war game... 
He only needed to be more patient and let his pawn to fulfill their purposes. 
Decratic was right about it, because right now, Iris was going through her own struggle. She didn’t want to be close to the battlefield, but her heart was torn because she wanted to know what happened with Cane. 
She would be doom if something bad happened to him. This world would be doom, if she went through the same thing again. 
When Iris was trying to figure out what she needed to do, she heard Abby screamed and a loud explosion, which the shockwave shook the carriage. Aliana immediately took Iris’s hand and got them out of the carriage, before it was thrown away against the tree and shattered into pieces. 
Thankfully, Aliana was quick to take action, or else Iris would be in a great trouble. 
"Are you okay, luna? Are you hurt somewhere?" Aliana asked hastily, while Eron and Dyne immediately approached them, Zale and Lil Thing followed behind them. 
"I am fine," Iris said, she fell on top of Aliana’s body, which gave her a soft landing. "Are you, okay?" Iris felt bad. 
"I am fine, don’t worry." Aliana didn’t really hurt, only a few scratches that had started to heal by now. 
"Luna, are you, okay?" Zale dismounted Lil Thing and then approached Iris. 
"I am fine," Iris reassured her and when she lifted her head, she could see the scale of the war before her eyes. Fire everywhere. Curses were thrown in the air and dark magic users fought against magic users from the Holy Kingdom. 
Not too far from the battlefield, Abby had summoned the Sylph to back their magic users, but she was overwhelmed, the dark magic users were so strong and she herself was not able to purify their magic. 
And so much more. More deaths, carcasses and blood. 
It snapped Iris back, as she pushed herself from the ground and immediately approached Lil Thing and climbed on its back. This was not the first time for her to ride Lil Thing, after all, she had been on the lycan and Cane’s beast a few times. 
"Let’s go!" Iris said, prodded Lil Thing to move toward the battlefield. 
Seeing this, the four of them were mortified and immediately shifted into their beasts to follow their luna, who intended to join the fray! 
Her fear of something bad happened to Cane and the thought of losing people that she dear overcame the trauma that Kellan engraved in her mind for more than fifteen years. 
Riding the white bear, Iris summoned back the Sylph because Abby was too worn out to gather her power to sustain the air spirit. 
This time, the Sylph that Iris summoned looked way bigger and stronger, the spirit engulfed the magic users, protected the shifters and the warriors alike, as they fought against their enemies and dark magic users. 
Abby was stunned, this was not the first time she saw the Sylph in full power, but still, she couldn’t get used to it, maybe she wouldn’t. 
This was not the time to feel jealous, but the feeling crept in. She felt so weak and small with the presence of Iris. She could feel their awe toward this luna, even the people from the Holy Kingdom, the knights and magic users, who just joined the fight with them, who witnessed this for the first time. 
"Let’s go," Cedric said, he knew what Abby felt right now, but they were in the middle of a fierce battle, she couldn’t afford to be distracted. 
Abby gritted her teeth, she pushed herself up from the ground, feeling this discomfort on her lower belly, but she bit her lip and moved along the other knights. 
"Stay with them, I will be back!" Cedric then mounted a horse and left Abby with the other three knights, as he went to talk to Iris. This was important to remind her about it, since they already learned how things worked between Iris and Decratic.
"Luna Iris!" Cedric galloped beside Lil Thing. This lazy bear was actually very fast! It could easily outrun the horse. "Prevent yourself from killing anyone! Don’t kill anyone!" 
A Serafim should be pure, had a heart of gold and compassion, thus killing a living being did not integrate with that. 
Killing their enemy would taint Iris’s heart again, which would feed Decratic negative power from her. That was how thing worked between them. How their existence correlated with one another. 
Being reminded of that, Iris frowned. She didn’t like it. She could feel their enemies’ wolf spirit and squeezed them all. She could kill them all as she walked, but she couldn’t do that?! 
Iris was not happy. 
"Luna Iris, don’t! don’t give it to your impulsive thought!" Cedric was panic to see Iris obviously disagreed with him. He could feel her intention to wipe them all. 
It was a great move, only if she did that, she would make Decratic strong again. 
Iris huffed, she was annoyed and Lil Thing moved faster, leaving Cedric behind to eat dust, as if the creature could sense Iris’s bad mood, while talking to Cedric. 
The knight tried to catch up to her, but the bear was too fast. 
Now he could only pray the luna wouldn’t do anything reckless. 
Well, Iris almost forgot that she couldn’t do that, but it didn’t mean she couldn’t do anything about it. There was always a way if you knew how. 
There was three lines of the battle, the frontline was the warriors, they took the brunt from the battle, since their strength and speed matched with their enemies, because they came from the same kind, while the middle line was the knights, they acted as the back up for the warriors, killing the enemies that managed to move passed the frontline. 
And the rear was the magic users. Because their enemies had their own magic users and used dark magic, their task was to dispel all the curses, this could be done from afar, since the magic users didn’t need to be extremely close with their target. 
Meanwhile, Abby provided the back up for the magic users by summoning the Sylph. The air spirit could provide power for the magic user, boosted their magic, even without magic stone. 
But, with Abby’s current condition, she couldn’t sustain the spirit for long. 
However, Iris came right in time to summon the Sylph again before the dark magic could do damage on their people. 
And right now, the luna was standing behind the magic user’s line and Lou saw her first. He immediately approached her with a surprise expression. 
"What are you doing here?! Go back!" Lou was scared something might happen to her. He then looked at Lil Thing. "Bring her back!" he said sternly, yet Lil Thing acted like it didn’t hear him and started to lick its paw, while standing next to Iris, which made the merchant frustrated. 
"It’s okay. I can handle this," Iris said. She breathed deeply. The only thing that prevented her from coming in the first place was because the thought of meeting with Kellan. She didn’t even want to see his shadow. It dreaded her for no reason. 
After all, that was how trauma worked for some people... 
But now, when Iris thought about it again, why would she be scared of him when she was way more powerful than the current Serafim? She could kill these beasts in a whim if she wanted to, a Kellan wouldn’t stand a chance to fight her, he wouldn’t be able to hurt her anymore. 
That fact and coupled with the thought she wanted to see Cane and made sure he was fine, resulted this. 
"I am fine, Lou. I can handle this." Iris walked forward, but when Lou wanted to stop her again, she put protection around her and Lil Thing.
###Chapter 849: LET’S DO IT TOGETHER
Chapter 849: LET’S DO IT TOGETHER
Iris was sure, she could handle this, because she knew what she was capable to do. 
"Iris, you can’t get involved in this. Though, I don’t mind it, but unfortunately, you can’t get some fun of killing them." Lou reminded Iris the same thing like Cedric did. 
But, Iris knew what she was doing. She didn’t need to kill them all. Her power was not limited to kill her opponent only and by her doing this, didn’t mean she had resentment or anger toward them. This was only an act of defense. Nothing more, nothing less. She didn’t need to feel anything about this action. 
And when Lou refused to back down, Iris put the protection around her and Lil Thing, which made the merchant was unable to touch her, more so to stop her. 
With that, the luna moved forward. The knights were surprised and the warriors were shocked to see their luna went straight to the heart of the battle. They were trying to stop her, but was unable to due to the protection that Iris put around her and Lil Thing. 
Seeing the situation, they could only resort to protect her. 
Yet, that was not necessary. 
As Iris walked, the enemies were forced to shift into their human form, kneeling down in pain, unable to move, much more continuing this battle. They gripped their chest, having a hard time to breath and growled in pain. They couldn’t understand how it happened and what kind of magic Iris used, but it was also a shock for them to see their fellow friends suffered the same. 
Within a few minutes, the battle ceased down, leaving both parties speechless of what the luna was capable to do. 
The royal warriors, Celestial Moon pack warriors and the warriors from the other four packs were forced to shift into their human form and now were kneeling on the ground, while the dark magic users were in tight spot, because without the warriors, there was no way they would be able to fight against this massive number of beasts, knights and magic users at the same time, let alone two Serafims. 
It was an absolute defeat the moment Iris got herself involved. 
The knights couldn’t find a word to comment about how the situation turned out and the shifters howled in excitement! This was the easiest battle for them! The easiest victory in a history! 
Lou stopped following Iris, he was shocked, but then his expression turned into dotting. He smiled smugly, as if he was the one who had defeated the entire enemy, he was so proud of her! 
Meanwhile, Aliana, Eron and Dyne shifted into their human form and watched how everything unfolded, they were left dumbfounded. 
But it was Eron, who joined with the celebration. 
"We did it!" Eron threw his fists to the air. 
"Our luna is single handedly defeated our enemies!" Dyne chimed in. 
"See! I told you my luna is the best!" Zale just came and he shifted into his beast, looking so proud and extremely happy! He barked and bragged to anyone, who wanted to listen to him. 
Meanwhile, Aliana grinned to see how far Iris had gone. She was no longer that shy woman that she met the first time. The luna had gone through so much, suffering from unthinkable pain and here she was, proving herself that she was worth it of the title and even more. 
The saying was right. What couldn’t kill you, would make you stronger and the luna proved that. 
And in contrast different was the reaction from the knights. They didn’t say anything when the warriors celebrated their easy victory. Their faces were mixed of shocked and disbelieve, there was a little bit of anger there, because the warriors their pride was hurt, since this was the Serafim’s job. 
It supposed to be the Serafim, who had done this. It supposed to be their Serafim, who ended this battle. But, why this woman held the same power as the Serafim? And was even way stronger than her? This was not right. 
Or maybe, the elders made a mistake since the beginning and the current Serafim was actually not the Serafim? 
They knew about the relationship between Serafim Abby and Elder Rose... 
Was it... 
Maybe... 
They stopped themselves from making an assumption and watched the luna walked into the campsite with the white bear by her side and the warriors and beasts followed her. 
Where was their Serafim when this luna claimed the victory? 
Currently, Abby was being supported by one of the three knights, aside from Cedric, no one here knew about her pregnancy and definitely, this pregnancy had taken a toll on her. She became so weak than her usual self. 
Of course, this gave a stark different from the power Iris displayed. 
"Luna, we just received a report that the alpha and the elders, along with prince Kellan, alpha Derick and his son had gone to Diandem pack." One of the warriors reported it to her and from afar, Jace and Ethan raced toward her. 
Ethan had this smug grin on his face and immediately scooped her body for a hug. He looked extremely happy for what Iris was capable to do. 
"You are so awesome!" Ethan said loudly, as he swung her body around, which made Iris giggled, but Lou kicked his leg. 
"Put her down!" Lou said viciously. "How could you do that to your luna? That’s inappropriate act!" The merchant didn’t even get a hug at all after all the pain in the butt he had gone through. 
"What?!" Ethan grimaced, he glared at the merchant, but thankfully, Aliana came in between them and straightened up their main focus. 
"So, alpha Cane and the others currently inside the fortress of Diandem pack?" Aliana asked to stop the fight. 
"We need to get inside. I guess, there are still more warriors and magic users there." Jace narrowed his eyes at the tall fortress. 
"We only need to take down the fortress, right? That’s not a big deal. I can do it by myself," Lou said arrogantly, he cracked his knuckles, ready to try. 
However, even before he started, he had stopped. 
"What is it?" Redmond asked, he just came and happened to hear Lou’s arrogant statement earlier. "The fortress is still standing, as I can see it." 
Ethan raised his hand for a high five, he was happy enough to have someone humbled down the merchant. 
Yet, Redmond simply glanced at his hand and approached Iris. His attitude as if saying; the enemy of your enemy was not my business. 
"The explosion earlier came from inside the fortress," Redmond then explained in more detail about the plan. The explosion supposed to happen only an hour or so after they entered the campsite, but it took so long before it was happening. 
And more so, the alpha and the other shouldn’t have entered the fortress in the first place. 
"Something must have gone wrong," Redmond said. Needless to say, all of them agreed. 
Right now, the sky had started to turn bright, as the long and tiring night finally ended, but it was not over yet for them. 
On the other hand, Iris knew about the detail of the plan, Cane had told her before and she agreed with Redmond’s assessment of the situation. 
"Lou, can you take down the fortress?" Iris asked. The Sylph was still there, thus the magic users could use their magic without any scrupulous, but Lou knitted his brows. "What is going on?" 
"They put protection shield around the fortress." Lou frowned. "It’s so strong." 
"Can’t you break it?" Aliana looked around her. "There is the Sylph and a lot of magic users here. You can work with them." 
Lou knitted his brows even more. "This is dark magic." 
"Well, our luna must be able to purify it, right?" Zale chimed in. He wanted to be close to the luna, he looked so smug and proud when he walked past the knights, who months ago kept taunting them behind their back of how the shifters would have died without them there to offer some help, since they were the reinforcement for them in this battle. 
But, looked now! They were on the second line on the battle and the Serafim they were talking so highly was nothing against his luna! 
Iris walked closely. She concentrated on the shield around the fortress, but a voice behind her confirmed her suspicion. 
"The dark magic is too strong to be purified, the only thing you can do is to absorb it," Abby said. She looked so pale, sweat trickled down from her forehead. 
Obviously, Iris could feel dark magic and usually, she would be able to purify it without problem, but there was some kind of dark magic that she couldn’t purify so easily. It was the darkest black magic, in which she required to absorb it, just like the Grebis. 
"Lou, can’t you create a portal to enter the fortress?" Iris turned around to ask Lou. 
"No." Lou shook his head regretfully. "My portal doesn’t work." 
It meant, it left them with only one option. 
"If you did it, you will give power to Decratic. Remember the last time you did it?" Abby warned Iris when she saw what she was going to do. 
"Do you have another plan?" Iris narrowed her eyes. "I am open to all suggestion." 
Something was wrong and she could feel it. She wanted to see Cane and make sure he was fine. 
"There is," Abby said. She then approached Iris. "Let’s do it together."
###Chapter 850: WHAT HAPPENED BEHIND THE FORTRESS
Chapter 850: WHAT HAPPENED BEHIND THE FORTRESS
Kellan told them about what alpha Colter had done in Diandem pack and the horror what happened there during the time he used the pack as his base for weeks. 
The prince explained the situation in such way, which made the elders agreed to enter the fortress, though this was not what they agreed upon in the discussion they had before the meeting with Kellan. 
The elders worked on their own and only accepted the voice from among them. Cane could see, they were still holding grudge against the fact he was a lycan and looked down on him so much, aside from the fact he was a shifter. 
People in the Andelus continent used to see shifter as an animal, a creature that was not equal to them, since they had two forms. 
’If we are going to eliminate alpha Colter, at the very least, we have done it with clear conscience.’ 
That was how they justified their action and how they didn’t stick to their original plan. Adding more proof that alpha Colter indeed deserved to die wouldn’t hurt anyone. 
Meanwhile, Cane didn’t talk much. His words would weigh nothing for these four elders, so he wouldn’t even bother to remind them about their original plan. 
More so, it was good if they were more than convinced to get rid of alpha Colter. Let them do it, while he watched from the sideline. 
And that was the reason why the fire signal came from inside the fortress, because Kellan managed to lure them in and watch the horrendous sight that he preserved for them to see. 
"I have cleaned some, but it took so long to clean everything." Kellan pointed out the blood on the wall. The smell was very strong, even for non shifter, which forced them to use mask. 
The original pack member of Diandem pack huddled together on the street, trembling in fear with the sight of them, as they scurried away, but some of them stole a glance at Cane. Of course, they knew him. The alpha had stayed here for some time before. 
They wondered what he was doing here with these people. 
After watching everything, Elder Xarex finally sent the fire signal and created protection shield around him and the other three elders, leaving Cane outside of it. 
This was not surprising to say the least for Cane for not being included. But, his eyes were sharp enough to make Elder Xarex felt a little bit uncomfortable and avoided his gaze. 
"You can protect yourself. Our people will come and take down this place in no time," Elder Xarex said, justifying his action, though Cane didn’t say anything, nor he complained about the situation. 
Cane scoffed and folded his arms in front of his chest, watching in amusement of what these elders were doing without any shame at all. 
"It seems, you have been betrayed," Kellan marked, he knew what the fire signal meant and he had his men ready, sealed the gates. Actually, he knew Cane didn’t care much about alpha Colter, thus he was rather surprised to know he agreed to meet with him. 
As it turned out, the elders from the Holy Kingdom had known about the fact Cane was the lycan. 
"It’s pretty disappointing, since I want to be the one to tell them about you as the lycan." Kellan tilted his head, behind him was a dozen of magic users and countless warriors in their beasts form, ready to take Cane down in his signal. "I can’t believe it, you fool me about it. I even believed that." 
"It’s not that hard to fool you, you are not so smart to begin with," Cane said calmly, which made a flicker of hatred crossed Kellan’s eyes, but then he smiled beautifully like usual. His smile was always calm and sweet. 
Meanwhile, alpha Derick and Cezi only now learned about this truth. To say they were shocked that Cane was the lycan was an understatement. 
And now all the horror stories about the lycan that Cane created himself had backfired at him. Not to mention about the fact that a story about a lycan was not a lovely one. 
"You are the lycan? You are the one, who killed prince Vemion and many more?" Cezi asked, he was flustered. He wanted to believe Cane on what he was saying about prince Kellan, but now when he learned he was the lycan, he was not sure where he had to stand now. 
Cane glanced at the elders, sure enough these imbeciles revealed that on purpose. 
Despite on the surface they were working together, but in this world, where you could find someone stabbed someone more often than not, it was not surprising what Elder Xarex was trying to do. 
This was a plot against a plot. At this point, you wouldn’t be sure, who you could trust. Cane was in danger, either it came from the elders, alpha Derick and Cezi, or Kellan and his men. 
"We can’t break the protection." One of the magic users informed Kellan about this. They couldn’t even crack the protection shield around the elders, which left Cane in a position of an open attack. 
"Don’t you feel the anger for them to abandon you?" Kellan smirked, he taunted Cane, he showed his real self now, there was no more politeness between them, neither a fake kindness and respect. 
Cane scoffed. "They are right about me can protect myself." The alpha looked relax, as if he simply there to watch the show, when he was the main event. 
"Against the magic users and warriors?" Kellan scoffed disdainfully. 
Alpha Derick and Cezi felt uneasy now. The alpha could see prince Kellan for who he was, this man was not the young prince that he adored, he looked like someone else, but he couldn’t think in more depth when they were faced with this situation. 
Cezi was surprised to see this side of Kellan, though not much, but now to side with the lycan... that was not an option too.
"Have you forgotten a lycan took down a thousand warriors of Blue Moon pack less than two years ago. I don’t mind to let it runs rampant one more time." 
"Alpha Cane!" Elder Xarex disapproved that, even though he didn’t over any solution at all. 
"Let’s see, how I can pain the whole pack with your blood," Cane ignored completely the elders, as his focus was on Kellan. He itched to claw his throat and do all the things Lu suggested in his mind. 
And with that, the situation reached stalemate. Kellan needed to tread carefully if he wanted to take Cane down. The lycan was not a creature that you could take easily. 
While a fierce battle happened outside of the fortress, as they could hear roars and growls split the air, suddenly it ceased down and one of the warriors reported what happened. 
"The luna is marching alone and taking down our warriors, she is riding a white bear!" the warrior looked panic. 
Hearing that, there was this amusement and doting in Cane’s eyes to know what Iris was doing out there. It seemed, she lost her temper after waiting for long and decided to take some action, despite her fear. 
His mate impressed him over and over again. 
However, the second warrior came and immediately knelt down to make a report hastily. "My prince, they are here! The king is here!" 
Alan. 
Cane was alerted with the mention of the king. If it was Alan, it meant, Decratic was here. The four elders were aware of it as well, as they looked even more cautious of their surroundings. 
Elder Rose strengthened the protection. This would be the first time for them to face Decratic. She wondered, if she could take down Decratic. She was a Serafim after all. 
The first person that they saw was Zeke and Dexter, the two of them walked, as if they brought calamities in their every step. 
Warriors knelt down before them and Kellan lowered their head in respect, so did alpha Derick and Cezi, they did it unwillingly. 
And behind Zeke and Dexter was... Alan. 
It was indeed Alan. He was a wretch. He looked like he just came out of a battle itself. Even though he dressed nicely, which matched his title as the king, but not everyone could be fooled. 
This was not Decratic, but the real Alan. 
However, Alan walked very slow, he was holding a bundle in his arms, but you wouldn’t be able to see anything, because it was wrapped tightly with a blanket. People wondered what it might be. 
The ominous feeling crept in, all of them could feel this gloomy mood that crippled the air and the night seemed darker than usual. 
The magic users all knelt down solemnly in the presence of the king, or maybe the thing inside the bundle in the king’s arms. 
This was an unexpected turn of event, even the elders and Kellan didn’t predict the arrival of them. 
Dexter immediately locked his eyes on Cane. He remembered what this alpha had done to his woman and how the luna had destroyed Aria to the point of beyond saving her anymore. 
"You will pay for this!" Dexter roared and the sky rumbled. 
The protection around the fortress strengthened, it engulfed with dark magic and wouldn’t be able to be taken down easily. 
And now, Dexter’s focus was on Cane, but Zeke reminded him of Decratic’s order. 
"Don’t kill him just yet. We need to extract the lycan out of him." 
Elder Xarex narrowed his eyes. They could extract the lycan?
###Chapter 851: TWO SERAFIMS
Chapter 851: TWO SERAFIMS
Extracting the lycan out of Cane and devour its soul would solve Decratic’s problem quickly and more so, it would devastate Iris to know her mate was being harmed. That’s the end goal of him. Crushed Iris’s hope again and again, until she was afraid to even have a shred of hope. 
Until she fell completely into the darkness, into his arms... 
"We need to do something," Elder Rania said, she watched how the alpha shifted into his lycan form and all of them gasped. 
Alpha Derick stood in front of Cezi, as if protecting his son from this cursed creature. He didn’t see Cane, neither the son of his best friend, but something ominous, a creature that shouldn’t be existed, thing that should be destroyed. 
"No." Elder Xarex brought the other elders to the sideline, so they wouldn’t be in a way of what would happen soon. "Let’s watch." 
"What do you mean? If the lycan is in Decratic’s hand then the sixth sword..." 
Elder Rose cut her off. She could understand what Elder Xarex’s intention. "Let’s wait and see." 
"Why?" Elder Rania was the youngest among the four elders and even though she didn’t completely believe what Iris had told them, but she knew they couldn’t let Decratic to gain more power than this. She hissed this logic to them hastily before it was too late. 
Dexter and Zeke created a shield to chain the lycan, while the creature had killed countless warriors within a few minute, it destroyed anything around it. 
Kellan, alpha Derick and Cezi had retreated to the sideline and watch firsthand the horror of how ferocious the lycan was. 
Blood splattered everywhere. 
Cane was not exaggerated when he said he was going to paint the whole place red in blood, if they were attacking him, because that was what the lycan was doing right now. The thick smell of blood was very suffocating and dead body of the warriors piled up, while Dexter and Zeke kept trying to tame the cursed creature, alongside with the other dark magic users. 
It was the lycan against everyone, while the elders were only standing there, watching everything unfolded without doing anything to help. 
The lycan’s soul could be extracted from its vessel? Alpha Xarex wanted to see what would happen then. 
"Decratic is in a weak form. That luna said Decratic took after king Alan’s figure, but I think that man is the real Alan, while whatever thing inside the bundle in his arms is..." 
"Decratic," Elder Rania finished Elder Rose’s analysis. 
"Hm." Elder Rose nodded. "That’s Decratic, I can feel evil feeling from that thing." She was a Serafim after all, she could tell that much. "Decratic is not strong enough right now, so when they managed to extract the lycan out of the alpha’s body, we are going to destroy it before Decratic could devour the lycan’s soul." 
In short, they would be able to take the advantage of this whole situation. Destroyed the lycan and also prevented Decratic from gaining more power. 
"What about the sixth sword within the lycan?" 
"The sword doesn’t belong to that curse creature, if the first Serafim was the one, who created it. The sword will stay even when the lycan’s soul was destroyed." Elder Rose knew what Elder Xarex was thinking and she explained it better. 
This was their best bet, since luna Iris wouldn’t have agreed to anything that could potentially harmed her mate. 
"Let’s see what they can do with the lycan." 
The elders watched closely. 
They didn’t quickly jump into the decision to destroy the lycan because there were so many things to be considered, especially what Iris said about the sixth sword that could be the only way to destroy Decratic. 
If the lycan’s soul was extracted and the sixth sword came out, a Serafim could kill Decratic by using it, right? 
Elder Rose was a Serafim too... 
================================= 
Iris was not sure how they were going with this, but when Abby said that they could do this together, she felt a little bit better. 
"I only want to say that you will not like the memory that you will see, just in case you happened seeing mine." Abby felt a little bit uncomfortable if her memories were seen by Iris. 
But, when you absorbed the dark magic, this case could happen. Iris knew about that too, she saw Cane and Ethan’s memories as well. 
"I want to warn you the same thing," Iris replied, she was smiling bitterly. 
Here, she was going through it again. The same thing that shattered her, but then her worried about Cane’s wellbeing was greater than any fear she had. 
She could feel the fraction of what Na was going through when she lost Lu, even that had caused turmoil in her heart, she didn’t want to experience that for real. 
"Tell me if you are ready," Abby said. Iris was definitely more powerful than her, but she still held more knowledge about Serafim’s power than her, in spite of the fact, most of her knowledge was only theory. 
"I am ready." 
Iris took a deep breath, as she felt this uncomfortable feeling started to worm inside her veins and the air current became a little bit hot. 
Warriors, knights and magic users took steps back, as the wind gradually became so harsh for them to stand close to the two Serafims. 
They watched how the blinding light from the two of them merged and brightened up the dawn sky. The sky was devastatingly beautiful, but dangerous at the same time. 
Air rushed around them, leaving the howling sound and the ground was shaking. The Sylph disappeared and it left the magic users to create protection shield for them, just in case, the shockwave threw them off guard and did harm more than they could imagine. 
"PROTECTION!" Lou roared, as he led all the magic users to put the shield for thousand of their people. 
Meanwhile, their enemies’ warrior had been subdued, they were forced to eat Rottingbane to prevent them from shifting into their beast form. It was easy to do that when they couldn’t fight back. 
And now, all they could do was to watch what these two Serafims could achieve together. 
"Who is in there?" Aliana murmured to herself, Ethan was standing next to her, while Zale was being held closely, so he wouldn’t be close enough with the luna and got caught in the storm, which seemed would happen any time. 
"Who else? Those nasty people," Ethan said. 
However, Aliana shook her head. "No. Kellan and his people are not magic users. They will not be able to create a strong shield full of black magic." 
Ethan gave some thought. "There must be black magic users in there." 
"Strong enough to overpower our luna?" Aliana looked at the gamma with meaningful look. "You know luna Iris can purify black magic by a single touch." 
Only then it sunk in. 
"Decratic," Lou said grimly. "Decratic is inside." 
"And Cane and the elders too," Jace added. 
With this information, they could feel the dreadful of the situation. 
"This will not be good..." Ethan shook his head. "I thought Decratic is so weak to have another battle." 
"We don’t know about that for sure." Aliana watched how Abby and Iris’s body lifted in the air. The two of them had their eyes closed, but the bright light around them turned a little murkier, as they absorbed the black magic that protected Diandem pack. 
On the other hand, currently Iris and Abby had to face the other’s darkest memories, lived up to the most painful event in their life that neither of them wanted to remember. 
Iris’s mind flooded with Abby’s childhood memories, the one that she hated the most, the one that she wanted to forget, but couldn’t and the one that she had buried so deep, so it wouldn’t hurt anymore. 
Once again, she basked herself in pain and misery. The weight of her duty and how lonely the path was for her to walk in. The heaviness of people’s expectation and how sharp the disappointment in their eyes, sharper than any blades in this realm... 
The urge to do better and only to find out you failed them again and again. Every attempt that you did was not for you, but for other people... 
And when the two Serafims were trying to fight back the darkness, inside the fortress, Decratic could feel them trying to break in, but at the same time, Dexter and Zeke were having hard time to keep the lycan in check. 
The bundle that Alan had been holding in his arms wriggled and he dropped it on the ground before he retreated. His eyes were empty, as if he was not even aware what was going on around them. 
There, on the ground, they could see from inside the blanket, there was a child, around the age of five, crawled out. 
His skin flaked off, like a burning scar... like Grebis. 
The little boy tried to stand up, but in the end, he slithered on the ground, as if all bones inside his little body had been removed. His red eyes gleamed under the first light of the sun. 
Alpha Derick and Cezi were taken aback, their mind was still reeling with the fact of what was going on before their eyes. A lot of things had happened and they were trying to keep up. 
"That’s Decratic," Elder Xarex said. "This is our chance to destroy that creature once and for all. Be ready Rose!"
###Chapter 852: TWO TINY LIGHTS
Chapter 852: TWO TINY LIGHTS
Decratic suffered greatly after his last encounter with Iris. He looked so weak and fragile, so it was understandable why the elders thought they could take him down. It almost felt like they could end this little boy’s life without any effort. 
However, that was too outrageous of them to think they could do it without any backlash. 
Decratic was wounded and he was not in his best condition, but it didn’t mean, three old magic users and an old Serafim could take him down easily. 
The four elders moved to block Decratic from approaching the battle between the lycan against Dexter and Zeke, they created a formation around him with the scary little boy was in the middle of it. They trapped him inside their spell and rendered him locked inside their magical cage. 
Seeing this, alpha Derick and Cezi told all the warriors to back away, especially the warrior from their pack, because they didn’t want to deal with this. A lot of things had been revealed and prince Kellan was leaving the scene when a warrior whispered something to his ear, but Cezi cornered him when he went to retrieve his hoarse. 
"Where are you going, prince Kellan?" Cezi asked. His father was too occupied to watch the lycan and the elders, thus he didn’t even realize when prince Kellan and Cezi were gone. 
"Move out of the way!" Kellan roared fiercely, as he shoved Cezi, but he stopped him from leaving. "What are you doing?" 
"Where are you going?" Cezi’s grip on Kellan’s shoulder was so strong, he didn’t allow him to leave this pack. 
Five warriors that Kellan brought with him reacted to the offense, but Kellan raised his hand to stop them from making an advance. 
"The reinforcement is here. I am going to get them!" He said through his gritted teeth. His eyes were ablaze with rage for Cezi’s audacity to block him. "Your father will not happy with the way you treat me." 
"You are going to Winter Moon pack," Cezi stated. That’s where the harbor was, their reinforcement used water route to reach this continent. "You are going to leave the battle here to go to Winter Moon pack. It’s two weeks journey." 
"I am aware of that," Kellan said. "What else do you think you can do?! There is a lycan out there, who could kill us off in a blink of an eye and the four elders from the Holy Kingdom! Our warriors fell out there, behind the fortress!" Kellan growled, as he shook his hand harder to free himself. "What else do you think you can do?!" 
No. Cezi didn’t care much about the battle, but he did care to find out the truth. "What have you done to my sister?" He blurted out the question, which didn’t have any correlation with Kellan’s outburst earlier. 
His sister was still in the campsite, so did the three little girls, but if it was alpha Cane’s mate, he knew they were in a good hand. There was nothing he needed to be worried about. That luna wouldn’t have done anything to harm his sister and the three little girls. 
Kellan narrowed his eyes when he heard the accusation. "Are you trying to say that I harmed your little sister?" Kellan shook his head, his expression was crestfallen. "She is my mate, how can I hurt my own mate?! if you didn’t believe me, you can ask Arella herself." 
Clever. Arella couldn’t even speak, neither she could move her body. "What have you done to the other three little girls?" This time Cezi invaded his space, forcing the prince to take a step back. "You did something to them, didn’t you?" 
"I don’t understand what are you talking about." Kellan could see Cezi started realizing something. "You delay me. You will put our people in a great risk." He stood his ground not to say a thing. 
"That’s evil thing that the king brought with him!" Cezi said through his gritted teeth. He really wanted to get the truth out of Kellan’s mouth. The whole thing was very confusing, but his instinct told him he was standing in the wrong side all this time. 
"Do you mean Cane? Can’t you see that he shifted into a lycan? Have you forgotten what the lycan had done? The story about the cursed creature and how this creature had shaken the whole kingdom not so long ago? Not to mention the lycan was the creature that killed prince Vemion. Have you forgotten about that?" Kellan tilted his head and took a step closer. "If there is evil creature, it’s the lycan." 
However, before Cezi could retort, both of them toppled to the ground and was thrown against the wall because of a strong shockwave that hit them so hard. 
The shockwave lasted for a minute, forcing them to close their eyes and protected themselves because everything was being hurled in the air. A table almost hit Cezi’s head and the horse was lifted in the air before the shockwave ceased down and the poor animal was dropped dead to the ground. 
"Wh- what is happening?" Cezi groaned, he tried to open his eyes and wiped off the dirt from his face. His body was hurt, sure enough he sustained a few scratches here and there, but he gasped in shock when he watched his surroundings. 
The rooftops had been thrown because of the harsh wind, everything was thrown away and was destroyed, warriors were disordered, some of them were dead because they were being hurled or struck by brick from houses or carriages. 
This shockwave was very powerful, you would think this place just hit by a tornado. 
What happened?! 
Outside of the fortress, Iris and Abby managed to absorb all the strong dark magic, leaving the fortress without protection, which let them had an easy access to enter the pack, since the warriors, who guarded there had been thrown away from their position too. 
"Are you, okay?" Cedric immediately approached Abby, he was worried because her current condition. 
"Y- yes..." Abby trembled. She couldn’t move her body. The memories she saw was too terrifying. She glanced at Iris and felt the tug in her heartstring. 
How could someone go through something so horrendous like that? 
Meanwhile, a few people approached Iris and Lou was on the lead, he was the first who reached her and immediately checked on her. 
"Are you, okay? Let’s go back to the carriage, you have done a great job!" Lou took off his cloak and draped it on her shoulders. 
Aliana, Jace and Ethan came after, so did Eron, Dyne and Zale. All of them looked worried. 
"Tell Grace to be in the carriage, I will take Iris back!" Lou said, as he intended to carry her, but Iris refused. She didn’t want to leave. 
"No. Grace will not be able to do anything with me." Iris pushed Lou’s hands away from her. "There is something we need to do. I need to find Cane." 
iris glanced at Abby. She didn’t pass out, but Iris was not sure how many memories she saw from her. 
"Jace, lead the warriors to enter the pack, search for Cane first. We need to find him first!" Iris emphasized the importance of finding Cane. She should have done this earlier. She wished she was not too late and there was nothing happened to him. "I will follow after." Iris could continue, but she needed to rest for a while. 
Absorbing such strong dark magic with Abby worked well, but still, she needed time to recover and gather her thought, so it wouldn’t disarray and cause a backlash on her. The negative feeling still lingered, but it was not anything that she couldn’t handle. 
Abby also looked like she did well. 
"Yes, luna!" Jace accepted the order and immediately moved as per Iris’s instruction. The warriors marched behind him, they shifted into their beasts and started to climb the fortress. 
It didn’t take long before they could open the gates and more warriors flooded inside. 
"Lou, please." Iris grabbed Lou’s hands. "Please find Cane and make sure he is fine." Iris gave him a pleading look. 
If there was someone inside the fortress could pull such strong dark magic, it must be someone as strong as Zeke or... maybe it was Decratic himself. Iris felt uneasy. She wanted Cane. 
"Damn it!" Lou was upset. Why would he look for Cane? But then, did he actually have the ability to refuse her? "Alright, alright, alright, understood!" he then stood up. "Stay here, I will bring your mate here! Don’t move!" 
Lou then left. 
Okay, he did this because he knew the sixth sword that could destroy Decratic was within Cane. So, he was doing this to save the world, not to help Iris found her mate, okay?! 
Ethan, Aliana and Zale stayed with Iris. 
"Luna, please drink this," Zale said, he just returned from taking a waterskin and gave it to her. 
"Thank you," Iris murmured and drank the water, but she didn’t finish it, instead she asked Zale to give it to Abby too. 
"You don’t look so good," Ethan remarked. "Let’s go back to the carriage. Our warriors have entered the pack, it’s only a matter of time until we find Cane." 
"No." Iris shook her head. She was going to go inside after she had gathered her strength. 
But then, something caught her attention. At first, she thought, she saw thing, or it was only residue of her power, but these two lights remained. 
These two tiny lights floated around her.
###Chapter 853: RED MIASMA
Chapter 853: RED MIASMA
The lights came from her power and when Iris was done, the lights would fade away and disappear, but strangely enough these two lights remained, floated around her playfully. 
However, Iris didn’t have time to think about it too much, she still had a lot of things to do and think about. 
"How is she?" Iris asked Cedric about Abby. She didn’t look well, but this was a better result than the last time she tried to absorb the dark magic from Ethan. 
"I don’t think she can continue." Cedric gave her his honest opinion. 
"I can..." Abby said stubbornly. She wanted to get up, but it was obvious that she didn’t have any strength left in her to keep going. 
But, Iris could understand Abby a little bit better now after she saw her memories. She was able to grasp what kind of feeling she felt right now. The urge and obsession to prove herself that she was not useless and weak, but time and time again, the universe failed her, proved her that she was indeed unable to meet other people’s expectation. 
"Bring her back to the carriage and let Grace check on her." Iris could see that Abby wouldn’t be able to handle more fight after this, even though she was still conscious. 
"No, I can go on..." Abby was adamant, stubborn tears welled in her eyes. 
Iris wanted to say that she would only hinder them, since it was already so hard for Abby to move, but it would sound too harsh on her. Therefore, she softened her choice of word. 
"Abby, I assumed you have not yet taken the potion." Iris watched her reaction and believed she was right. "Let Grace check on you." And the baby too. That was the hidden meaning behind Iris’s word. 
And this time, Abby didn’t refuse anymore, she let Cedric to carry her back to the carriage. 
Meanwhile, another battle happened inside the fortress. But, needless to say, it was not something that Iris and the rest should be worried about, since from the sound of it, their people had the upper hand in this battle. 
Yet, Iris still felt uneasy before she could find Cane. 
"Luna, I bring Lil Thing here!" Zale jumped down from the bear’s back. "You can ride it when you entered the pack, so you will not get tired!" 
Lil Thing yawned, it was being dragged here when it took a nap. The lazy bear was actually having its own free time, while Iris and Abby absorbed the dark magic. 
Ethan frowned. "When did he leave to get Lil Thing?" This young boy sure enough ran errand without being told. 
"Thank you, Zale." Iris smiled softly at the young boy and he beamed to find himself useful for her. 
See? It was a complicated feeling and was hard to explain about why people tended to try to prove how worthy they were to the point it destroyed themselves like what happened to Abby. 
And for Zale, it might be only a simple ’thank you’ for Iris, but the warm feeling would last for days for this young boy. 
Lil Thing nuzzled her arms and rested its big head next to her lap. Iris then scratched the back of its ear out of instinct. She needed to stay for a while before she was ready to enter. Just a little bit more... 
Iris was sure, Lou and Jace would be able to find Cane. 
Meanwhile, inside the pack, everything went so well. The warriors, the knights and the magic users worked together and it was not hard to defeat their enemies, since they were already disorganized because of the shockwave earlier. 
However, it was not easy when they reached the spot where Dexter and Zeke fought against the lycan and the four elders faced the scary little boy. 
The air became very tensed and it suffocated them, as if the closer they got the more they couldn’t breath, thus they could only stay outside the invisible circle that marked the battle ground for the eight of them. 
Rooftops had been thrown away and houses had flattened to the ground, while trees had been uprooted, dirt and debris swirled in the wind. 
It was hard to see clearly inside this invisible circle. But, one thing for sure, they saw the lycan’s black wisp that attacked Dexter and Zeke viciously. The two dark sorcerers looked like they were having a hard time to fight back and put the lycan under control. 
The lycan moved too fast for them to follow and the black wisp was harder to handle than they imagined. 
But, on the other hand the four elders were the one, who had a hard time to contain the power of this little boy. 
The shield that they built around him cracked and the little boy broke free. He dashed toward the lycan directly. 
"Xarex! What now?!" Elder Rania shouted, she watched Decratic joined the fight with Dexter and Zeke, ignoring them as if it was a waste of time for him to have a fight with them. It was a humiliation. 
Xarex was silent for a while, the four of them didn’t have the energy for a long battle. Their physic was not a match to Decratic. 
"Decratic is going to extract the lycan’s soul out of the alpha’s body," Elder Rose marked when he watched how the lycan fought against three dark magic users, which one of them was none other than Decratic himself, the epitome of the darkness and devilish thing. 
Lu growled angrily, the black wisp formed a hundred tails behind its back, as it reached the sky and covered the sunlight. The lycan was livid. Its red eyes flickered at the four elders and actually attacked them too alongside Decratic, Dexter and Zeke. 
It almost looked like Lu didn’t even care who he was attacking. He was going to attack them all. Those filthy magic users and the useless elders! 
Elder Rose and elder Dandolf immediately created barrier around them to protect them from the assault of the lycan. 
"I am right. We need to get rid of this cursed creature." Elder Xarex narrowed his eyes. "What a lie they told us that the lycan was harmless." 
Lu roared when Decratic, Dexter and Zeke concentrated their attack on him. The lycan had to stop attacking the elders because he had to defend himself against the black magic assault. 
The harsh wind cut the lycan’s body, leaving deep wound, as blood dripped to the ground at the same time it warded the attack from the black wisp. While Dexter and Zeke took a defensive stance, Decratic attacked the lycan aggressively. 
The ground under the lycan was shaking and split, leaving a deep crack, where red wisp came out of it. 
Lu was forced to jump and avoid it, but every time he landed, the same crack happened and red wisp swirled in the wind, like smoke until the area of their battleground filled with it. 
"Back away! The wisp is poisonous!" Lou shouted. He found Cane, well, the lycan, but he couldn’t come closer. He couldn’t breathe whenever he tried to approach and now this red wisp that came from the crack on the ground. 
He tasted it and knew immediately it was a poisonous miasma! He encountered this once in the past! 
"BACK AWAY!" Lou and the other magic users created shield of protection around them to prevent the poisonous miasma from spreading further. They could die if they breathed in it too much. "Damn it! How could this thing be here?!" 
Lou was right, it was indeed the poisonous miasma and now Lu was having a hard time to deal with it, since he breathed in it too much. His movement was slowing down, his attack was clumsy and the black wisp was not in control anymore. 
"The lycan will die if we don’t do anything," Elder Dandolf remarked, as they watched the lycan had stopped moving and the creature breathed heavily, though still standing. 
"Let it be," Elder Xarex said. "We will move in my command. Let them extract the lycan first and we will get the sixth sword, at that time..." Elder Xarex glanced at Elder Rose. 
"I know what to do." Elder Rose would get the sixth sword and end Decratic’s life. This was their only chance. It was cruel for the alpha and they didn’t know what would happen to Cane if the lycan’s soul was extracted from him, but that was the least of their concern. 
Their main focus was on destroying Decratic once and for all. 
Elder Rose remembered about the prophecy, where it said; it should be the Serafim, who could end Decratic’s existence, but who would have thought it turned out to be her? She thought her era was over once she passed down the title to Abby. 
But, seeing their current condition, it was not the case anymore. 
A little bit far from them, they watched Decratic started to extract the lycan when the cursed creature couldn’t runaway, neither he could defense himself. 
Their heart was beating against their ears, waiting for the right moment to strike. 
Lu roared painfully when Decratic used his magic on him. The little boy moved closer to the beast lycan and touched its head, brought the lycan knelt down. Lu resisted, but there was not much he could do at this point. 
Not only he was outnumbered, but he was poisoned too. 
The howl from the lycan filled the sky when his soul was being pulled out from Cane’s body.
###Chapter 854: LU’S SOUL
Chapter 854: LU’S SOUL
"Lu?" Iris lifted her head, she became even more restless and stared at the clear sky. From where she was sitting, it was hard to see what happened deep inside the pack. 
Feeling anxious, Iris asked Aliana and Ethan to help her to get into Lil Thing’s back. 
"Are you sure, you are going now, luna?" Aliana looked a little bit uncomfortable, she wanted to coax her to stay a little bit more, but seeing how determined the luna was, she knew it was only a waste of breath. 
"Yes, Aliana. I don’t feel good. Something is going on there..." Iris stared at the entrance of the pack, she was restless. If Lou or Jace already found Cane, they must have taken him here, right? Or maybe, Cane was caught up with something? Or maybe, she was only overthinking things. 
Whatever it was, Iris couldn’t stay for a second longer. 
"There is no point to stop her," Ethan said and glanced at Zale. "If I told you to stay, will you listen?" 
"No." Zale didn’t even hesitated. 
Hearing that Aliana chuckled. "There is no point to stop him," she quoted what he said and Ethan looked at her sulkily. Both of them shifted into their beasts, followed by Zale. 
Iris was right, her restless heart turned into an ominous feeling the deeper she went into the pack. 
The sight of her and Lil Thing caught everyone’s attention, most of the warriors in their beast form tailed behind her, running alongside Ethan, Aliana and Zale. 
While one beast led the way, running in front of Lil Thing. The beast took them to where a vicious battle was happening between the lycan against Decratic, Zeke and Dexter. 
Iris’s face hardened to see what Decratic was going to do. It was hard to see it clearly, but she knew the little boy was Decratic, there was no mistaken of this ominous feeling that came from him. 
And right now, he was going to extract Lu’s soul from Cane. Flashes of memories appeared before Iris’s eyes, reminded her of what happened to Haco when Lu’s soul left him. 
How Haco slowly forgot about his surroundings, about himself and how he was struggling in the last few weeks before he passed. It took him a year before he passed away, as his health deteriorated rapidly. 
The same thing obviously would happen to Cane if Decratic managed to get Lu’s soul out of his body. 
However, it was not only Lu’s soul that was being extracted, Iris could see the bright light from the sixth sword. The sword that Na left on Lu, the sword that contain with her purest divine power, it was being extracted too. 
"Is that supposed to be the sword?" Elder Rose narrowed her eyes at the sliver of bright light that was engulfed by the dark wisp of Lu’s soul. "How it supposed to be the sword?" 
Right now, the sixth sword was not in the shape of a sword like what the knights told the elders. It was like a sliver of light, like a white thread on a black wool. 
In that case, how elder Rose supposed to wield it? 
"The knights said, luna Iris wielded it when she fought the dragon on the lycan’s back," Elder Dandolf reminded them about this part. 
"That’s it. You need to wield it," Elder Xarex concluded. "I will create a path for you to grab the sword after that channeled your divine power to the sword and stab Decratic in the heart. He is already so weak after the battle with the luna." 
"What if the sliver light didn’t change into sword?" Elder Rania argued. 
"There is no time for being doubtful," Elder Rose cut her off. "I am going to do it." 
"The problem is with the miasma." Elder Rania reminded them of their other problem. Thankfully, she knew this was the poisonous miasma and laced the protection, so they wouldn’t breath in it." 
"Hold your breath and create your own protection. It will help," Elder Xarex said. 
And that was what they agreed upon. They were going to take this matter into their own hand and started to make their move when they saw Decratic’s focus was to devour the lycan’s soul. 
"Now!" Elder Xarex roared and the four of them started to move. 
Elder Xarex dealt with Zeke, while Elder Dandolf took Dexter, while Elder Rania helped Elder Rose to get close to Decratic and reach for the sixth sword. 
They moved almost at the same time and charged toward their respective target. 
Sensing the disturbance, Decratic roared angrily. He was only a step away from devouring Lu’s soul, but elder Rania attacked him and Elder Rose moved past him to grab the sliver light, threw herself into the darkness of Lu’s soul, which made her blind for a moment, leaving only that thread of light to guide her. 
This darkness of Lu’s soul was akin to huge shadow that would swallow you up. 
On the other hand, everyone around the outside of the invisible circle gasped to see what was going on there, they took steps back, because the air became more heated and suffocating, it seemed the area of their battle expanded. They couldn’t see it, but they could feel it. 
Lil Thing groaned, the lazy bear became restless as it wanted Iris to pull it back, yet Iris stood her ground, she narrowed her eyes at the black wisp, at Lu’s soul that was extracted from Cane’s body. 
"Iris! We need to leave!" Lou tugged on her hand, snapped her out of her contemplation. 
"No. I can’t leave." Cane was still there and he was in a grief danger, how could she leave. Right now, she was trying to think of a way to break into this invisible barrier. She didn’t think she would make it if she forcefully barged in and Lil Thing already felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave. Obviously with her current condition, she couldn’t do it herself. 
However, people inside the circle didn’t seem to feel the pressure, thus Iris concluded the only thing she needed to do was to get through this barrier. 
"Yes, of course you can!" Lou became frustrated because he knew the reason why she didn’t want to leave. "Don’t be a fool, you need to leave now! You will only risk your life!" 
Lou tugged her hand harder, which caused her to fall from Lil Thing, since she didn’t want to listen and just in case, she was crazy enough to charge inside with the bear, he needed to do this. 
"Lou!" Iris screeched when her body fell from Lil Thing’s back, but Lou caught her body before any harm could happen to her. 
"We need to leave!" Lou was persistent, but Iris could be very stubborn too. 
"No!" She said firmly and loudly, which startled the merchant a little bit. She then wriggled her body to free herself, but he held her firmly, it was Ethan, who separated them both. 
"Don’t touch her!" Ethan growled at Lou and pulled Iris toward him. 
"What?! Are you really going to let her go in there?!" Lou didn’t hold back too. 
While they argued, Iris stared at the strange two tiny lights that kept floating around her. These two lights playfully floated around her hand. She stared at her hand and saw that black dot in the middle of her palm. 
Iris remembered this black dot. It was the one that Lou gave to her before they left.
"Lou," Iris called his name, essentially stopped the argument between him and Ethan. "What you said again about this? How to use it?" 
Lou groaned. "I don’t think you can use it." He frowned. "I can’t even use a portal to get inside." He had tried even before Iris was here, but it was impossible. 
Iris shook her head. "I am sure I can. I have the strongest divine power after all." 
Hearing that Lou grimaced. "Are you gloating now?" 
Yet, they couldn’t deny it. The strength of the sylph was very powerful when it was Iris, who summoned it. 
"Lou, hurry. How to use it." She remembered something about channeling her power into it, but she could be wrong. 
Lou then explained about it hesitantly. He didn’t want her to go to Cane’s side at this critical moment, but he was sure as hell, this woman wouldn’t back down. 
Ethan didn’t look comfortable either to let Iris go, but he was worried about Cane too. The situation didn’t look good on the other side. But, if there was someone, who could save the alpha, it must be Iris. 
"Got it," Iris nodded. 
"You need to think about a place, Iris." Lou emphasized this. "But don’t blame me, I have warned you that it’s probably not going to work." 
Iris didn’t hear the rest of his complain, as she channeled her power as per his instruction and thought about a place... a place that she could call home. A place by his side. 
There was this burst of light and Iris’s figure vanished before their eyes before Lou could finish with his nagging. 
It left him and Ethan were speechless. 
"Has she... gone?" Ethan blinked his eyes incredulously. "Did she really go to..." 
Both of them stared at where the lycan’s soul had created a dome over the barrier that was put around the battlefield of those magic users. 
"You sent her there..." Ethan muttered, he was mortified to say the least. 
"Do you really think I can have any other option?" Lou groaned, annoyed.
###Chapter 855: WAS IT REALLY OVER?
Chapter 855: WAS IT REALLY OVER?
Iris felt her body was being pressed from all sides and the air knocked out of her lungs. This was a very uncomfortable sensation that forced her to close her eyes and gritted her teeth so she could endure it. 
Thankfully, it didn’t last for long and when she opened her eyes, she was right beside Cane, or the lycan. The beast growled in low voice, but couldn’t move because of the poisonous miasma, the crack was right beside him and he breathed in it, since he couldn’t dodge it. 
However, when the beast saw Iris, he tried to move and push her away, nuzzled her to move away and avoid the miasma. Iris could see the mortifying look in his red eyes. 
"It’s okay, I will be fine," Iris said, she raised her hand and let the miasma soaked in her hand, and in no time, it was purified. She had seen this before and somehow knew that her divine power was able to handle it. 
It almost like when she touched the black magic stone that Haco gave to her as a practice to control her power. 
"See? I am fine...." Iris’s voice was soothing and very calm, she caressed the lycan’s fur and this made him less stressful. Yet, his eyes flickered to golden and then red, indicating Lu’s soul was almost sucked out of Cane’s body. "It’s okay. I will protect you now..." 
Iris lifted her head and stared at the darkness above her head, the shadow of Lu’s soul, where she could see the sixth sword. 
On the other hand, thing didn’t go well with the elders, they made a rash decision and didn’t think the consequences thoroughly. They underestimated the ancient creature like Decratic. 
Because even when he was already weak right now, he was still the epitome of the darkness, reckless move could cost them more than they could pay for. 
Decratic pushed elder Rania’s body to the ground and then caught her neck when she tried to disturb him. He was only a step away from devouring Lu’s soul, but this bitch delayed him. His anger reached the sky, as he snapped her neck and threw her lifeless body to the side. Strong and harsh wind cut her flesh, dyed her dress in red. 
Seeing this, Elder Xarex and Elder Dandolf were stunned, they watched their fellow elder’s body flew in the air and then fell to the ground with a loud thud. 
This distraction allowed Dexter and Zeke to deliver the blow and hurled them away as harsh wind cut their flesh and wounded them. 
"Rose!" Elder Xarex roared, their only hope now rested on Elder Rose, but she had vanished into Lu’s dark soul to search for the sword and had not yet appeared again. 
Elder Xarex and Elder Dandolf could only groan in pain and wait for Elder Rose to emerge from the shadow to end Decratic’s life. 
Elder Rose needed to move quickly for this to work before Decratic devoured the lycan’s soul and regained his power. 
However, the ground started shaking and the air became so heavy, it pressed them down and the red miasma swirled in the wind, which forced Elder Xarex to create a protection around him and Elder Dandolf. 
"I will not be able to sustain the protection for long!" Elder Xarex groaned, he watched the shadow shifted and the howling wind became more vicious. More and more things threw in the wind, part of houses hurled in any direction. 
They couldn’t see it clearly, but they could feel there were two powers that were fighting. Two powers that were very strong, something that they could never imagine such powerful thing existed in this realm. 
The wind was shifting and the ground was shaking, more cracks on the surface appeared and more miasma polluted the atmosphere. 
People could die if this continued. They could die because of this battle or slowly died because of the poisonous miasma. 
"GET CLOSE! ALL CLOSE TOGETHER!" Lou shouted, instructed them to stick with one another because they needed to concentrate their protection barrier, since the miasma had spread widely. They should strengthen their protection and had to cover a large area wouldn’t help with that, thus they needed to get close. 
All the magic users could feel there were two strong powers pulled at each other and they were right about that. 
Iris was trying to get Lu’s soul back, while Decratic started to devour it, now without any disturbance from the elders, he thought he could get it easy, but he didn’t realize Iris was already there and she wouldn’t let go of the lycan, neither the lycan would go down easily. 
This tug of powers between them was what the magic users felt. It was so strong, it was very suffocating, added to the poisonous miasma, thing didn’t seem would get better soon. 
But then, suddenly the shadow of Lu’s soul was sucked back to the lycan, clearing the air, where you could see elder Rose was holding something in her hand and rushed toward Decratic once her feet touched the ground. 
"That’s Rose!" Elder Dandolf was surprised to see her. 
"And the sword," Elder Xarex remarked. The shape of the sword was not clear, but he assumed that was the sixth sword, what else Elder Rose would wield? 
The two of them held their breathe without them knowing it, as they watched how everything unfolded very fast. 
Elder Rose charged toward Decratic with a bright light in her hand and made a slashing movement. This was the crucial moment when she swung the sword and supposedly cut Decratic’s body in half. 
However, it didn’t happen, the light just slashed through his body, but there was no damage that was done. The little boy was fine, if anything, you could feel his wrath. 
Decratic then move so fast and knocked elder Rose to the ground, the same movement he did on elder Rania, but before he could snap elder Rose’s neck, Iris came to grab the light in elder Rose’s hand and stabbed Decratic right in his chest. 
When Iris touched the light, the shape of it changed and it turned into a sword in her hand. The power in it resonated with her divine power, the energy matched perfectly and it made the sword powerful. The sixth sword recognized the owner and everyone there could see how well Iris wielded it when she drove the sword to Decratic’s chest. 
Everything happened so fast, nobody could react to that in time, neither they expected thing would turn out like this. Even Elder Rose, who was very close to witness everything was frozen. 
You could hear the howling sound came from his opened wound, like a mixed sound of banshee and a wounded animal. The sound was deafening and terrifying.
But from the wound, it was not blood that spilled out, but actually mud. Mud so thick that you could hear a loud thud when it fell on the ground. 
"Arrghhh!!!" Elder Rose screeched when the mud fell on her body. 
The sword in Iris’s hand vanished and she pulled Elder Rose away, as both of them watched what was happening to Decratic’s body. 
Mud kept coming out from his body, until his little body fell to the ground and the same mud swallowed it, yet upon closer look, you would be able to notice that the mud didn’t stop. 
Later on, they would realize that it’s expanded slowly. 
Elder Rose took off her cloak and threw it away. The mud didn’t touch her and then immediately stood up. She glanced at Iris, but the luna didn’t even look her way and didn’t even ask whether she was alright or not. The luna’s eyes fixed on the mud. 
"Luna, we need to get out of here, the poisonous miasma..." Elder Rose grabbed her hand, but Iris swatted her hand away harshly and threw a dagger look at her, which made the elder took a step back. For a moment, she was afraid of her. 
As she should, after what the elders tried to pull on her mate. 
"Scram!" Iris growled at her. If the elders were shifters, she would have squeezed their wolf spirit, giving them the pain they deserved. Fortunately for them, they were not. 
After that, Iris went to the closest crack and purified the poisonous miasma. 
However, when she was about to go to Dexter and Zeke, the two of them had escaped, they created a portal to leave, breaking down the invisible barrier that prevented the warriors, knights and the magic users from getting closer. 
Everything had ended, right? Decratic had disappeared... 
Iris didn’t feel relief. The pain on her thigh was still there, occasionally reminded her. 
"This is it..." Elder Xarex stood up and approached Elder Rose and Iris, he looked flustered, grimacing in every movement because of the aftermath of the fight. Elder Dandolf followed behind him. 
"Call healer! Call the healer!" Elder Rose shouted to the crowd when she approached Elder Rania, thinking she could be saved. 
Meanwhile, Elder Xarex stared at the lycan’s body, a lot of things went through his mind right now. He was still trying to discern what had happened and grasped how things ended. 
Was this really over? 
"Don’t even think about it," Iris said viciously, her gaze was very sharp, it was enough to cut into her opponent’s heart. 
Elder Xarex startled, he was snapped out of his own thought. 
"Touch him and I will end your life right away. Don’t even think to get close to him." Iris was very cold.
###Chapter 856: THE AFTERMATH
Chapter 856: THE AFTERMATH
Everything was a mess after what happened and it was a blur how they could manage to get things in order. 
The lycan shifted back into his human form, but he was unconscious. Grace tried her best to nurture him, after all he breathed a lot of poisonous miasma and Iris purified it from within his body. He should have woken up, but Grace said the alpha’s body was very weak after the fight. It took toll on him. 
Therefore, it was probably best for him to rest a little bit more, since all of them knew Cane wouldn’t stop to manage everything once he woke up. He would tire his body and mind out the moment he opened his eyes or they might get Lu and the lycan could be a handful. Iris couldn’t agree more to it. 
And during these two days after the battle, Iris was the one, who was in charge for everything and she handled it so well. She carried herself like the luna she was, she proved herself that she was Cane’s equal. 
The way she ordered the people was not the same like Cane did, but you could feel how firm and well thought every assignment she gave to them. 
Even the people from the Holy Kingdom couldn’t stop her. They gradually came to term about two Serafims that existed. This was an anomaly, something that had never happened before. 
The elders didn’t put pressure on Iris and more so, they had not yet had any discussion or meeting about what had happened and how they were going forward with it. Whether or not Decratic had been destroyed and how they would hunt down the rest of Decratic’s followers. 
They put their focus on elder Rania’s funeral. There was a ceremony for it and all the people from the Holy Kingdom mourned her. Iris let them did their own thing and mind her own business. 
Meanwhile, Dexter and Zeke managed to escape, prince Kellan was running away during the chaos and the last report they heard, the prince went to Winter Moon pack. Their scouts reported back there were around twenty ships docked in the harbor. 
That must be Decratic’s other followers. What would happen when they learned their master had gone down, would they retreat? Would they attack them and seek for revenge? Did Decratic really die? 
There were a lot of questions that hang in the air, but Iris tried to take thing one at time, so it wouldn’t overwhelm her. She had not yet met with Abby, the only news she got was; Liam finally caught up with them and now Abby was recuperating in her room in the pack house of this Diandem pack, Cedric was with her. 
During these two days, Iris kept dealing with the poisonous miasma, she purified it and healed the people, who breathed the poison. They stood a few tents for a temporary place for them to live, because all the buildings around the battle had been destroyed, the only building that still stood was the pack house and a few houses around it. 
Food was scarce and Iris had ordered to get more supply from the other pack, it would arrive within a few days, thus it wouldn’t be a problem in the long run. 
But, Iris’s problem now was the mud. This was the mud that appeared when she killed Decratic, or so she thought. No matter what she did, she couldn’t get rid of the mud. She couldn’t purify it, she couldn’t absorb it. 
She tried to think of a way, but there was nothing that came to her mind. She needed someone with the knowledge to tell her what was this... 
However, when she realized there was no point of wrecking her brain to think of this solution when she didn’t have enough information, she would put this matter on a list of something she would discuss with the elders and Abby later. 
The meeting would happen in one way or another, sooner or later. With that in her mind, she would spend her time with Cane whenever she could. 
And a week had passed, but Cane had not yet woken up. Grace told her his vitality was good and he was out of danger, so the only thing they needed to do was to wait for him to wake up. 
Iris was very strict with Cane’s safety. She didn’t allow anyone, aside from Grace, Ethan and Jace to enter the room. Not even Cane’s personal warriors, Dean and Pax, were allowed to step inside the bedroom. They were stationed right at the door and a few warriors would patrol around the area too. 
Iris would inspect the food and ask someone to try it, watched them and asked Grace to check on them first, only when everything was clear, the food could enter the room. 
"Don’t you think the luna is a little bit scary?" Otis asked Zephyr. He just watched how Iris ordered the warrior and all of them actually followed her words without any complain. The luna subdued them. There was no more people, who talked about her being alpha Gerald’s daughter, neither a single soul that brought that topic up again. The warriors now saw her as their luna. 
"Don’t call her scary, that’s rude!" Dyne complained.
"She is stern, but she is still kind," Eron chimed in. "I told you, the luna is awesome!" 
Otis clicked his tongue. "I know, I know! I didn’t mean she is scary like a monster, but what I mean, she is very stern now." 
"She needed to be stern sometime," Zephyr replied. 
Speaking of monsters, the monsters from Silver River pack moved here, but not only that, there were a few monsters around the area, but they didn’t look aggressive, it almost like they had been tamed and now they learned that their luna could communicate with monsters and tame them. 
This only added to her ’scariness’. 
"Communicate with monsters?" Iris raised her brows when Grace told her about what people said about her. 
"Yes, because there are a lot of monsters out there and none of the monsters attack us." Grace gave a warm cup to Iris, this was a potion for Cane. 
The luna took the cup and blew it before she fed Cane carefully. Her blue eyes softened whenever she saw his sleeping face. 
She wanted him to take his time to recuperate, but at the same time, she wanted him to wake up, because she missed him so much. 
Now the role was reversed and she was the one, who took care of him, she could understand the strength Cane had to face everything. As long as he was alive and there was a chance for a better future together, she would be able to hold on. 
"I don’t communicate with them." Iris thought about it for a while. "It is most like I gave the monsters an order, just like what I did with Lil Thing." 
Grace was surprised, but then she chuckled. "I think you used Lil Thing as a practice without you knowing it, luna." 
Iris smiled softly at that thought. 
"I will get you your meal. I will be right back." Grace approached Iris. "The alpha will be fine. He will be fine. He is strong, you know that and the lycan is stubborn." 
Iris laughed a little at that. "Thank you, Grace." 
And with that, Grace left Iris alone in the room with Cane. Not long after that, after Iris finished feeding Cane his medicine, Jace entered the room and reported everything to her. 
All the warriors that sided with prince Kellan had been fed with Rottingbane, the magic users had been chained and all of them were gathered in one place with a high security, since the dungeon of this pack had been destroyed. 
"What about Alpha Derick and Cezi?" Iris shifted her attention from Cane to the beta. 
"I put them along with the other prisoners, but his daughter is inside the tent along with three girls." They were surprised to see there were three girls in Kellan’s campsite. Thankfully, during the miasma incident, there was a few magic users, who put protection around them, including those prisoners. "Alpha Derick and Cezi have been pleading to see you." 
Iris nodded. "Bring them to the room next door. I am going to talk with them tonight. But, before that, I want you to bring their daughter and the three little girls first. I want to check on their condition, ask Grace to look after them too." 
"Yes, luna." Jace nodded politely and then walked out of the room to carry her order, but before that, he voiced out what was in his mind. "I think, Cane is lucky to have you as his luna and I am deeply sorry for how things started between you two." 
Jace wouldn’t forget what happened in the library and probably, he wouldn’t forgive himself for that too. 
Iris said nothing and watched as Jace closed the door behind him. She breathed deeply and put her focus back on Cane. 
"I am also sorry for how things started between us, but right now, I only want you." Iris caressed his cheek and kissed his lips. 
The two tiny lights floated around her playfully and these two lights that had been accompanying her during this hard time. 
Iris seemed to know what the meaning of this, but she had not yet confirmed it. 
"Please, comeback to me." She then laid down next to Cane, hugging his body, as she stared at her two little bulbs.
###Chapter 857: COMMITING CRIME
Chapter 857: COMMITING CRIME
Iris spent her time with Cane, just laying next to him and stared at the two tiny lights that had been with her since the beginning. These two lights had been accompanying her and another source of her strength, aside from Cane. 
She stayed there until she heard a knock on the door, which was none other than Ethan, informing her that they had moved Arella and the three little girls to the room next door and Grace was looking after them. 
"I will be right there," Iris said from inside the room and pushed herself up from the bed. She stared at Cane’s sleeping face and kissed him tenderly on the tip of his nose, like he did to her. "I will be back quickly, be good, okay?" Iris chuckled to herself because that was the line Cane used to tell her if the role was reversed. 
One positive note that she could get from Cane’s condition was; she could kiss him as she liked without him caught her. But, of course, she liked it most when he was awake. She missed him... 
After that, Iris went to the room next door. Grace was there too, so did Aliana, as she tried to talk with the little girls, but they refused to speak. They looked mortified when Ethan came with Iris and huddled together. 
"Luna," Grace greeted Iris and then told her about Arella’s condition. "The poison was made by Haco. I am not sure what he put inside. I think he put some dark magic too." Grace was a healer, she couldn’t do much if it was about dark magic, she was almost clueless when it came to it. 
"Okay, I got it." Iris looked more reserved than usual. It was understandable after what she had gone through and what they had to face right now. 
"Luna, I don’t know what happened to them, but I can’t make them speak. They look terrified, I think part of it because of the battle. They are still shocked." Aliana approached Iris and Ethan. 
The battle must be horrified for little girls like them. 
"I can’t understand why Kellan took these little girls with him in the campsite. What the use of them?" Ethan frowned, he stared at the pitiful girls, but they became even more trembling in fear. Aliana then stepped forward to block his sight. 
"Don’t stare at them like that. They are more scared to men." Aliana noticed this, but thinking it was because the warriors were mostly men and that was the reason why they were scared of them. 
Ethan frowned, but he stopped staring. 
Iris then shifted her attention to the three little girls. She knew what they had gone through and felt this rage within her heart. She felt this urge to march to Winter Moon pack and find him. 
"Can you leave us alone?" Iris asked them to leave the room. These little girls wouldn’t speak no matter how hard they tried. She knew that feeling, she had been there too. 
Ethan, Aliana and Grace nodded and left the room, leaving the luna to deal with the children, somehow their luna was good with little one. 
Once it was only her inside the room, Iris approached the three girls and then sat down on the floor with them, didn’t have any care if it would ruin her dress. 
"I am Iris, what is your name?" Iris asked softly. She didn’t try to get close with them, neither she touched them. They didn’t want to be touched. 
They didn’t answer her and look at her suspiciously... 
=============================== 
Abby was fine now, Liam was already here, but the relationship between them didn’t feel the same. There was this tense whenever they were alone and most of the time, Liam would try to avoid being alone with her. 
There was this big problem that they should discuss, but neither of them wanted to talk about it, yet they couldn’t pretend like everything was well and nice, because as time went by Abby wouldn’t be able to hide the bump on her stomach. She was showing faster than Iris. Her face was swollen and it was noticeable. 
Abby happened to ask about this to Grace and the healer said, every pregnancy affected the mother differently and in Abby’s case she looked a little bit chubbier, though with her dress on, you couldn’t tell that she was pregnant. 
And what Abby dreaded happened when elder Rose mentioned this one afternoon. 
"You look different," Elder Rose said. "Sit down." 
The two of them had just discussed about Abby’s health and where she had gone when everything went down. How could the luna handle everything when it was her duty as the Serafim. 
And more and more disappointment from Elder Rose that Abby had to swallow. 
Her disappointment could be heard from the way she talked, the way she sighed and the way she looked at her and every time she did that, Abby felt this dagger in her heart. Reminding her of how useless she was. 
"What is it, Elder Rose?" Abby asked, felt uncomfortable with the way she scrutinized her body. Her eyes were sharp enough to make her cowered. 
"Abby, tell me the truth." Elder Rose held her hands tightly, as both of them sat down on a chair inside her bedroom. 
"What should I tell you? I have told you everything that you wanted to know. About the lycan, about the luna, everything..." They had been talking about this for days, even Elder Xarex and Elder Dandolf had asked her the same question in separate occasion. 
"You are still a virgin." That was not a question, but Elder Rose wanted to emphasize the word for Abby to understand the importance. 
"Wh- what do you mean?" Abby tried to swat her hand away, but instead, Elder Rose placed her palm against her stomach. "Elder Rose!" Abby stood up and moved away from her. "What do you think you are doing?!" 
Elder Rose stood up too. She gritted her teeth and wished this was not right. After all, she was the one, who gave birth to Abby. She had gone through three pregnancies and she knew exactly how she was in her early stage of the pregnancy. That was what she felt about Abby. 
However, she tried so hard to deny it, yet Abby’s reaction didn’t help. 
"Tell me now." She gritted her words. Her eyes were ablaze with rage when she approached her daughter that kept trying to avoid her eyes. "Are you pregnant?" She didn’t beat around the bush and the word sounded more like an accusation, as if Abby had committed a great crime. In a way, she did. 
"Wh- what do you mean?" Abby was mortified. She tried her last attempt to deny it, but elder Rose called Ian. He was one of the Serafim’s holy knights. 
"Tell me what you told me yesterday," Elder Rose commanded him sternly. 
Abby knew, her other three knights were eyes and ears for the elders, that was why she was only close with Liam and Cedric, since the three of them were childhood friends and fought to have them as her holy knights. That was the only time when she insisted on something. 
The elders couldn’t deny Cedric and Liam because the two of them were the best knights, thus they gave them to her. 
Still, there were three more knights under their influence. 
Ian glanced at Abby briefly before he spoke. "The Serafim has been vomiting every morning and she asked for the healer from the werewolf pack to come, but I am not sure what they are talking about." 
Ian then listed more detail about Abby’s activity or anything that he deemed was out of ordinary. 
"She... I think the Serafim had her last period was around two months ago." Ian knew to that detail, which was very humiliated for Abby. 
The other three warriors didn’t seem to engage with her a lot, but their observation skills were top notch. 
Hearing that, Abby started to pick on her nails again, she gritted her teeth. Her body was trembling, she was not sure whether it was fear or anger. 
"Call a healer here!" Elder Rose roared. She was enraged. They paid close attention to the Serafim’s health, they knew how Abby’s body, even more than herself. "Not the one she called before. Find another healer!" 
Abby’s heart sank when she heard that. There was no way out now. 
"Yes, Elder Rose," Ian said, as he went away to get the order done. 
The room was very quiet, it was terrifying. You could hear the sound of laughter from the children out there, it sounded so nice and warm, but what happened inside this room was the opposite. 
"Do you want to confess now?" Elder Rose asked. She still wished Abby was not stupid enough to make this mistake. "Tell me that you are not stupid enough to not know what is right and wrong." 
Abby kept her mouth shut, but tears trickled down from her eyes, which was more than an answer for Elder Rose. 
The elder approached her and landed a harsh slap on her cheek. She didn’t need a healer anymore. She knew this girl so much, she could read her like an open book. 
"You are not only a disappointment, but also a stupid girl!" Elder Rose hissed viciously. "Who is the father? Whose baby is that?!" 
Abby lowered her head, she stared at the floor, her vision was blurred because of her tears. 
"Is that Cedric?!" Elder Rose growled.
###Chapter 858: WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
Chapter 858: WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
When the night came, Iris was still inside the room with Arella and the three little girls, she didn’t come out, aside from asking for meals for the girls and herself. 
And just like what the luna had asked, Dean and Dyne brought alpha Derick and Cezi inside to meet with Iris. 
"You can leave," Iris said. She waved her hands at the two of them, but they were hesitated. 
"But, luna... it will be dangerous for her to be left alone with them." Dean tried to persuade Iris to let them stayed, even though they had given alpha Derick, Cezi and the rest of the prisoner Rottingbane, which prevented them from shifting into their beast, but he and Dyne didn’t feel right to leave their luna alone. 
"I will kill them if they tried to harm me. You can leave." This was not only Iris replying to the warriors’ worries, but also served as a warning for alpha Derick and Cezi not to mess with her, or even had a funny thought about it. 
In an instant, Dean and Dyne was reminded of the event when their luna dealt with thousand of the enemy’s warriors and ended the battle without even breaking a sweat. 
Immediately they apologized and left the room. Their luna was more than capable to take care of these two. 
"Luna Iris," Alpha Derick greeted Iris solemnly. "First, I want to thank you for this meeting." 
Cezi nodded politely at Iris. "This is my first time meeting you and I want to thank you for saving my life." Cezi had not yet had a chance to say his gratitude. 
However, Iris didn’t seem to hear them, she approached them and took out a dagger from her waist. This was a white dagger that always with her, the same dagger that Cane gifted to her. 
Alpha Derick and Cezi widened their eyes when the luna went behind their back, thinking she was about to stab them, but then they could feel the rope around their body that bind their arms behind their back loosened. Iris cut the ropes. 
"It will not comfortable for you to have a discussion with your hands were tied." Iris sheathed her dagger again. 
This surprised the father and son pair, as they didn’t expect this from her. The luna had every right to end their lives, especially after what they had done. They sided with prince Kellan and attacked them, even though she and Cane were nothing, but helpful. The two of them literally saved Cezi’s life. 
Facing with this kindness, they were very shameful of themselves and this was the feeling Iris wanted them to feel. Cane would play them like this if he was awake. Thankfully, the alpha had told his luna what he was going to do with alpha Derick and Cezi, thus Iris knew what to do now even when he was not around. 
"You don’t need to be polite with us, we are your war prisoner." Cezi lowered his head, but he took a second glance at this auburn woman. Her height only reached his chest, but the way she carried herself would make you paid close attention to her. 
"My mate thought of you as people that close to him." Iris stood in front of them, she looked serene, there was no trace of anger, neither resentment in her beautiful blue eyes. "And I know Kellan has tricked you into submission." 
Alpha Derick and Cezi didn’t say anything. It was still hard for them to accept the prince was not the person they thought he was, especially for alpha Derick. It broke his heart to think how he had wasted his people’s and a lot more to support the prince. Denial was the first thing that came to his mind. 
However, the truth was right before his eyes and he couldn’t find excuse to justify what Kellan had done. 
Cezi said that as much, asking for Iris to understand that it was very difficult for them to accept the reality. He said that on behalf of his father. His investigation alone only began when they were captured and he couldn’t continue with the three little girls. 
Hearing this, alpha Derick didn’t have a word to say. He was still trying to put all the information he had in place. 
"Do you mean them?" Iris pointed the three girls on the bed, sleeping peacefully. 
Cezi and alpha Derick didn’t realize the three girls on the bed when they entered the room because their main focus was on Iris. 
"Is that all you wanted to tell me? About why you chose to side with Kellan even after what Cane and I had done to save you?" Iris looked at alpha Derick and Cezi closely and this made them lowered their heads. They felt very ashamed to even lift their head and met her eyes. 
"When you believed on something for so many years, you tended to not believe anything else." Cezi tried to speak, but the more he did the more he felt he only fooled himself. "It’s hard to undo what you believe, but still, this is not an excuse to side with wrong people." 
Iris said nothing, which made the room fell into silence. And neither of the father and son pair dared to break it. 
"Fine." Iris finally nodded. "Maybe you can’t trust me, but I hope you can trust her." Iris then went to open the curtain and revealed Arella, who was sitting on the chair. She looked pale, but she moved. She lifted her head with tears streamed down her cheeks. "I healed some of the poison, but she still needs more treatment, she can move, but she still can’t speak yet. I am working on that." 
Arella listened everything that her father and brother told Iris about prince Kellan and how wrong they were about this prince. 
It was Iris’s idea to let her listened to what alpha Derick and Cezi were thinking before she let her met with them, so Arella would know what to do to convince her father and brother. 
"My daughter!" 
"Arella!" 
Alpha Derick and Cezi immediately approached Arella and hugged her tightly, while the young girl was crying without any sound, only her tears that showed how much pain that she had gone through. 
Seeing this, Iris left them alone. She walked out of the room, giving the time they needed to have their little family’s reunion. 
Iris’s intention for this meeting was not to punish them. After all, half of the war prisoners were the warriors from the Celestial Moon pack and with more battle in the future, they needed all the help they could get. 
If they could get alpha Derick on their side willingly, they would get half of the prisoner warriors, the warriors from Celestial Moon pack too, while they would think about how to get the rest. 
There was no need to assert effort to torture alpha Derick and Cezi to pledge their loyalty, Arella and the three little girls would do the job.
"Is this how Cane played his game?" Iris murmured to herself when she walked out of the room and received another news from Aliana. 
"Elder Rose has learned about the Serafim’s pregnancy," Aliana said. She had utilized the people in this pack house to have their eyes on the people from the Holy Kingdom and they were eager to help when she said it helped the luna. 
Iris had made her own name in this pack. 
"What are you going to do now, luna?" Aliana asked with curiosity. Would she help? Got involved in their matter? How she would do it? 
However, instead of getting involved, Iris dismissed her. "That’s her problem. Unless, Abby asked for help herself. We don’t have anything to do with their internal problem." 
Without getting involved in the Holy Kingdom’s problem, they already had a handful of trouble and things they had to think of. They didn’t need more headache to solve. 
Aliana grinned. "You look more and more like the alpha," she said with a chuckle. "The alpha will say exactly that." She then mimicked the way Cane would respond to that. 
"Well, you can say I learned from the best for being aloof." Iris smiled at her too. "More so, Cane will not reply to you. He would have ignored you without even saying anything." 
Aliana thought about that and then laughed. "You are right, luna!" The alpha didn’t even want to waste his breath to give any respond. "You know him better now! I think you know him better than the rest of us!" 
Iris smiled bitterly. Yes, she knew him. Maybe in this world, only the two of them, who knew each other better. 
"Just like how he knows me." 
Iris entered the bedroom and wanted to clean herself before she sought comfort from Cane. The only thing that she liked to do nowadays was to lay next to him, hugging him. She wanted to do that all day and night if she could. 
However, to her surprised when she went to bed, she couldn’t find Cane. Cane was missing! 
Iris froze in her place. There was no way he was missing! The warriors were stationed right out of the door and a few warriors patrolled around the area! How he could go missing?! 
Iris was about to turn around and shout in panic that Cane was not here when someone caught her hand and hugged her from behind. 
Cane whispered softly against her neck and tightened his arms around her body. "Where have you been?"
###Chapter 859: WHY YOU DON’T WANT ME, MOTHER?
Chapter 859: WHY YOU DON’T WANT ME, MOTHER?
"She is pregnant." The healer that Ian found, confirmed Elder Rose’s suspicion about the change on Abby’s body. This was the last nail in the coffin for the Serafim, even Ian was shocked when he learned about this. 
"You can leave," Elder Rose said, dismissed the healer from the room. "No. You stay. There are questions I need to ask you." 
Ian was about to leave with the healer too when the elder told him to stay behind. Obediently, he stood in his place, he felt complicated when he saw the Serafim. 
"No one knew about me calling for the healer?" Elder Rose asked Ian, making sure he knew this was not something that he could talk to other recklessly. 
"Yes, Elder Rose. I was very careful when I look for the healer," he replied firmly, but he was not very secretive if the news about it already reached Iris without them knowing it. 
Elder Rose nodded and then shifted her attention toward Abby, who was crying silently. 
"Who is the father of the baby?" Elder Rose asked through her gritted teeth. She was very angry. She couldn’t stop trembling. "Tell me, who is the father of the baby." 
Abby bit her lip. She wouldn’t say a single word. Because the moment she said the name, it would be the death of him. 
Knowing Abby wouldn’t say it, Elder Rose turned around to ask the same question to Ian. That was why she wanted him to stay, because Abby could be stubborn. 
"I don’t know... Elder Rose," Ian replied. He looked a little bit hesitant, thus Elder Rose changed her question. 
"Between Cedric and Liam, who do you think is being so close with the Serafim?" Elder Rose asked again. 
Ian thought about it for a while. "Cedric." He mentioned Cedric because Abby was not very close with Liam recently, the two of them looked awkward and tended to avoided each other, thus it was Cedric, who was always by her side. 
"Drag him here!" Elder Rose roared and Ian immediately went away to get Cedric. 
On the other hand, Abby widened her eyes. It was not Cedric, but she couldn’t bring herself to deny it, because it would only leave them with Liam, since the two of them were the only people that actually close to her. 
"Elder Rose... please," Abby pleaded, but she didn’t know what to plea anymore. "What is so wrong with this?" 
"What is so wrong?" Elder Rose knelt down and pinched her cheek, which made Abby flinched because her nails grazed her skin. "You have done something completely wrong! You have humiliated our Holy Kingdom! You are the Serafim! How could you have an indecent relationship with your own protector and having a child out of wedlock!? You have tarnished our reputation! Your own reputation! This child is an illegitimate child! This child is a bastard!" 
Abby cried harder. She couldn’t contain her fear and grievances anymore. Out of instinct she hugged her belly, which only made Elder Rose even more furious. 
"You can’t give birth to this child!" Her voice was very cold, as if the baby was a monster. 
"Mother!" Abby cried, this was the second time she called her this. The first time she did it, Elder Rose corrected her immediately and made sure she would never repeat the same mistake again. "This is your grandchild!" 
"Have I asked you for a grandchild?!" Elder Rose was enraged. "Especially the one with someone below your status? Out of wedlock?!" 
============================= 
Iris was surprised when she heard Cane’s voice and felt the warmth of his body against her. His familiar scent and the comfort that only he could offer. 
"Cane?" Iris turned her body around and looked at his pale complexion, she cupped his face, as he leaned against her touch. He looked weak, but he was awake and that was what matter. 
"Where have you been?" Cane repeated the same question again, as he closed his eyes. 
He woke up, but he couldn’t find her, only her scent that lingered around this room, especially on him, indicating that Iris had been laying next to him. 
"You need to lay down, I will call Grace," Iris said, she helped him to go back to the bed, but Cane didn’t want her to leave. 
"No, stay here with me," Cane said, he grabbed her hand, but he was not strong enough to keep her by his side. 
"No. Be good and lay down, I will call Grace for a while," Iris said sternly, she put the blanket over his body and went to the door to ask Zephyr, who was in charge there to call for Grace. "The alpha is awake." 
All of them were surprised and cheered. They had been waiting for their alpha and knowing he would be fine now he was awake, the news about this spread immediately. 
It didn’t take long for Grace to arrive and examine Cane, while Iris stayed by his side all this time. 
"How is he?" She asked worriedly. 
"You don’t need to be worried, luna. The alpha is fine now, he only needs to rest and drink his medicine, with his healing ability, within two or three days, he will be able to return to his normal state." Grace then left them to make a new concoction for the alpha, giving this information to the warriors, who looked very thrilled. 
Meanwhile, inside the room, Iris felt this huge of weight was being lifted off her shoulders. 
"You sleep so long, I missed you." Iris snuggled against him and rested her head against his chest like she used to do in the past few days, whenever she wanted a shred of comfort from him. 
"How long?" Cane asked with hoarse voice, he fought back the sleepiness. Feeling her soft body against him was very comforting. He wanted to sleep and do not need to think of anything.
"Almost three weeks," Iris replied. "It’s almost summer now." 
"What about..." Cane was about to ask about the current situation and Iris knew what he wanted to ask, she wouldn’t even let him started. 
"Sleep, Cane. Don’t think too much, I have taken care of everything. You don’t need to worry." Iris caressed his forehead and lifted her body, so she could cradle his head against her chest, while he hugged her. 
"Hm..." Cane mumbled, he then hugged her a little bit tighter and surrendered to his sleepiness. His mate said that she had taken care of everything and he believed her. 
Cane only woke up when Iris helped her to drink his medicine that Grace just concocted, but after that, he slept throughout the night, so did Iris. 
Both of the alpha and the luna slept well, but there were a few people, who didn’t even have a blink of sleep. 
Abby was facing a grief situation, where she felt her whole world crumble around her feet. In front of her was a bowl of potion. This was the same potion that she asked Grace to make a few weeks ago, but she couldn’t bring herself to drink it. 
And yet, here she was, having to face the same potion that the healer Ian brought had concocted. Elder Rose wanted her to drink the potion and flush her baby from her stomach. 
Meanwhile, Cedric was kneeling in front of Elder Rose with the accusation of seducing and impregnating the Serafim hang above his head. 
He knew it was not true, Abby knew that was not true as well, but she couldn’t bring herself to reveal the truth. 
On the side line, Liam stood in his place, balled his fists, as he watched the woman she loved was forced to kill their baby and his childhood friend shut his mouth even though the accusation on him could end his life. 
"Drink that before the other elders learned about this!" Elder Rose roared, she was livid to see Abby cried. She didn’t like it whenever she cried, because it only showed her weakness. It only emphasized other people’s opinion about her. The weakest Serafim. "Get rid of the baby before the other elder learned about this and I will send Cedric away. This will be the last time you see him. This is the only thing I can do." 
Suddenly, Abby stopped crying, she lifted her head and stared at Elder Rose with so much hatred in her eyes, something that she had never done before. 
"Is this how you felt when you are being pregnant with me?" Abby asked all of sudden. "Did you really want to get rid of me, but couldn’t because the previous elders had learned about your pregnancy before you could do anything with it?" 
Elder Rose was taken aback with the question. 
"This is why you think I will regret to have this baby, because you regret to have me?" Abby didn’t raise her voice, but it rang clearly in this silent room. "You want to get rid of me, that’s why you never love me, right mother? You never wished to have me. Why?" 
Abby had learned about this long time ago and she refused to believe her own mother didn’t want her. 
She always thought if she could do better and stop the disappointment sight in Elder Rose’s eyes, she would eventually love her. If she was a good daughter and an excellent Serafim like her mother, she would like her a little more. 
However, the truth was right before her eyes. Her mother didn’t want her, even when she was still in her womb, she resented her. 
"I will not drink it."
###Chapter 860: COMMOTION AT NIGHT
Chapter 860: COMMOTION AT NIGHT
Iris was sleeping peacefully with Cane beside her when suddenly she was woken up with an intense feeling, which made her heart accelerated rapidly. She was shaking because of how strong the feeling was and she didn’t have any idea what was that. 
However, a second later, she heard a muffle commotion from afar, the warriors in front of the door shuffled and it seemed there was something going on, which made them restless. 
Because the noise was not too loud, Cane didn’t wake up. Probably because his condition was still not stable, that’s why he was still sleeping, putting down all of his defense. 
Slowly, Iris got off the bed, she took her cloak to cover her sleeping dress and went to open the door to find Otis and Dean were standing there. The two of them greeted her politely. 
But not too far she saw Zale curled himself on the floor, but he immediately woke up when he noticed Iris came out of the room. The young boy refused to leave and would spend most of his time lingered around the luna. 
"What happened?" Iris asked. She tightened the cloak around her neck because the wind was rather cold for her, even though it was almost summer. 
"You must be woken up because of the noise, luna." Otis looked apologetic. But, Iris was not woken up because of the noise, instead it was this intense feeling that she still felt that disturb her sleep. Needless to say, she wouldn’t mention anything about it. "Eron has gone to check on it, it seems the noise came from the Holy Kingdom people’s quarter." 
The east of this pack house was occupied by the Serafim and the elders. People from the Holy Kingdom usually hang around that area. 
"I will go, stay here." Iris felt something had gone wrong and she wanted to check it herself. 
"I will go with you, luna," Otis said hastily, but Iris rejected him. "I can’t let you go alone, luna. Even though it is still inside the pack house, but it’s still not safe for you." 
"Zale, come with me," Iris said. Since they said she couldn’t go alone, she would take this young boy with her, because she needed them to look after Cane. 
Otis and Dean were speechless and Iris cut their protest off by saying this was a direct order from her and they couldn’t refute it, which silenced them efficiently. 
Meanwhile, Zale was basked by excitement because the luna chose to take him instead of the two warriors, which made him feel smug. He literally bounced when he followed his luna. 
Once Iris arrived in the east part of the pack house, Eron immediately approached, he was surprised, but Iris didn’t have the patient to listen to his protest for her being there. 
"What happened here?" Iris asked before Eron could say something unnecessary. 
"The Serafim... the Serafim is fighting Elder Rose!" Eron concluded what happened briefly, since he didn’t know the detail of it too.
"What?" Iris hastened her step to follow the source of the commotion, which led her to the main garden in the east side, where she could see Abby and Elder Rose were trying to destroy one another, while the other two elders were standing at the sideline, watching everything unfolded. 
How they could be very careless and looked like they didn’t care a bit about what was going on here when the Serafim and Elder Rose were fighting? If anything, their expressions looked very tense, as if they were holding themselves back. 
"What’s going on here?!" Iris roared at Abby and Elder Rose for them to stop. "Are you going to destroy the pack?!" They just managed to clean up the mess after the latest battle, but right now these two women wanted to make all of their efforts this past three weeks down the drain! The audacity of them! "Stop it now!" 
However, neither Abby nor Elder Rose was willing to back down. The member of Diandem pack had moved away, afraid they would get hurt in this unexpected battle and a tent had been flown because of these two Serafims. 
Right now, Elder Rose even used the salamander to attack Abby, which made Iris enraged. That creature belonged to her, but why they used it as they pleased?! 
"ENOUGH!" Iris roared, which startled all of them. The harsh wind between the two Serafims stopped and the Salamander immediately went to Iris, hiding behind her cloak. This poor thing was annoyed because it was being toyed between Abby and Elder Rose. "What do you think you are doing?!" 
"Stay away from this!" Elder Rose was surprised that Iris could suppress her and Abby’s power, even the salamander chose to go to her, but she masked her shock perfectly and didn’t let anyone to see it. "This is not your problem!" 
"This will be my problem if you tried to ruin the pack and threaten the pack member! If you want to have a fight, get out from this pack and have your way out there!" Iris walked closer toward them and every step that she took, she looked very intimidating, despite the fact her figure was nothing, but delicate. "Most of the houses have been built by the warriors and the pack member of this pack, if you have any plan to ruin it again, I will not be quiet and watch from the sideline!" 
Zale’s eyes lit up to see how angry the luna was and he felt like he wanted to clap his hand, but thankfully Eron was there to stop him before he actually did it. The other warriors, who had gathered there also smirked smugly because their luna scolded them bravely, while the knights looked at the whole situation bitterly. 
And more people came to see this commotion. 
Iris’s last word was directed toward the two elders, who didn’t do anything and watch everything unfolded, as if this was an entertainment for them. 
Of course, Elder Xarex and Elder Dandolf could hear the hidden meaning behind Iris’s word and they were not happy with the way Iris painted them. 
"This is the problem within the Holy Kingdom, stay away from this, luna Iris!" Elder Rose looked like she wanted to attack Iris out of frustration with her. 
"Your problem has caused trouble for this pack and this pack under the protection of alpha Cane! If you want to stir trouble and cause more damage to this pack, get out from here!" Iris was way more not happy with this situation. 
Now, Iris could understand how frustrated Cane must have felt when all of his effort went to the drain. After all, she was the one, who tirelessly tried to fix the situation and do damage control, but they wanted to ruin it again? 
"Luna Iris!" Elder Rose was so mad, her face turned red, but it was Elder Xarex, who stepped forward and deescalated the situation. 
"We will take care of our dispute quietly." Elder Xarex then shifted his attention toward Abby and Elder Rose. "Let’s go back inside and discuss this matter." 
Iris didn’t want to know about their problem and it would be enough if they were willing to discuss this among themselves. She was ready to leave when Abby actually went to her side and defy the elders. 
"I am not going with you," Abby said sternly. 
This time, not only the elders, who were surprised, but Iris too. The luna frowned, staring at Abby with questioning look. 
"I am not going with you. I will stay with the luna. You can discuss this matter all you want." Abby glared at the elders, but Iris could see her hands were shaking, this must be hard for her to defy the order from the elders when she had spent her whole life trying to impress them and follow them obediently. 
"Don’t get me involved in your problem, I already have enough," Iris said in low voice, but Abby replied to her without even seeing her. 
"You already involved yourself in this problem, there is no way out now." Abby didn’t even bat her eyes when she said that. 
Iris frowned. She wondered since when she was willing to get involved with them? 
"Cedric, Liam, come with me!" Abby said loudly. She still had her eyes on the elders. With this so many people, they wouldn’t dare to breath a word about her pregnancy, or else they would humiliate themselves. 
Of course, if the words got out, it would tarnish Abby’s name too, but she was willing to bring the elders down with her if they tried to harm Cedric and Liam. 
Abby was fighting back when Elder Rose forced her to drink the potion, which drew attention from the other elders, that was when Elder Xarex and Elder Dandolf learned about her pregnancy. 
They didn’t agree for her to abort the child, like what Abby expected, but the thought the baby was born out of wedlock and the father was the protectors didn’t sit well with them. 
That was why, when Abby fought Elder Rose, they didn’t do anything, since they had not yet decided where they stood in this matter. 
"I don’t ask you to come with me, you can stay and serve the elders from now on!" Abby glowered at Ian when he and the other two Holy Knights were about to follow her. 
"You will leave Cedric behind," Elder Rose growled. They were still under the impression that the father of the baby was Cedric. 
"No." Abby balled her fists. It took everything in her to stand her ground.
###Chapter 861: THE LUNA AND THE SERAFIM
Chapter 861: THE LUNA AND THE SERAFIM
"Cedric and Liam will come with me. This will be the end of it," Abby said sternly. She felt so glad that her voice was not trembling, because her hands did. 
"Are you defying me now?!" Elder Rose was enraged. This was a humiliation, but Abby had not yet done with her.
"I am the Serafim. The council of elders are the advisors for the Serafim." Abby gritted her teeth, her body was shaking. She couldn’t feel her feet and was afraid she would collapse right there and then because of how overwhelmed she was when she finished her words. "I must remind you again that all the decision is in my hand. You don’t have any right to tell me what to do, let alone threatening me!" 
This must be the first time for Abby to defy the elders openly in the public, in front of so many eyes of the knights. 
Even the Holy Knights and the magic users from the Holy Kingdom were stunned to see how Abby did it. It already engraved deeply in their mind of how the Serafim had never denied any orders from the elders. 
The three elders were shocked and they didn’t have time to react when Abby hurriedly turned around and left the scene, but she didn’t forget to get Liam and Cedric to follow her. 
"Luna, what is going on?" Eron whispered to Iris. "Should we go to?" 
Iris glanced at the Elders and frowned. She seemed to be able to deduct what actually happened here. "Ask someone to keep their eyes on the elders." Iris added one more. "Tell Lou to come find me if he already had more information about the merchant from Karam continent." 
"Yes, luna." Eron nodded and then he went away to get her order done. 
Meanwhile, Zale followed Iris to go back to the west area, where Abby had waited for her in front of her bedroom. 
Dean and Otis were still there, but the confusion on their faces were palpable. 
"I need to talk with you," Abby said. She had sent away Cedric and Liam and insisted to wait for Iris to talk about what happened. She had decided to take this path. 
"This is already very late at night, let’s talk in the morning," Iris refused. She didn’t care about the problem between Abby and the elders. She had enough things to be worried about and the only thing she wanted right now was being with her mate. 
After a long day and an interrupted sleep, she only wanted to lay down next to Cane and seek for comfort. She was tired and the last thing she wished to do was having a conversation with Abby. 
"No. I want to talk about this now." Abby still felt so high, her adrenaline was in rush after what she said to Elder Rose, thus while she still had this courage, she wanted to strike a conversation with Iris. 
However, Iris was having none of it. Her mate was behind this door, not even Abby could stop her from going to him. 
"I said; in the morning," she emphasized her words and took a step closer toward Abby. "You can defy the Elders as you like and reminded them about their position as your advisor, but I am not. You don’t have any right to demand anything from me. If you want to have a discussion about your situation, it will be on my term." 
Otis and Dean were impressed about how strict the luna was. She didn’t let her kindness to be used by other people and after everything, all the trouble that Abby and her knights put her through, how could you expect the luna would be nice to you and put your predicament above everything else? 
Abby bit her lip, but before she could say anything, Iris had stepped aside and entered the room. She actually locked the door and told the warriors not to disturb her. 
Seeing this, Zale grinned from ear to ear. The young boy didn’t really like this Serafim, thus to see how his luna having that attitude when she talked with the Serafim, elated him. 
"Serafim Abby, I think the luna is right, you need to take rest too, this is already very late at night and our luna needs to rest as well." Otis tried to smooth the situation. 
"You can talk with the luna tomorrow, she said it herself, right?" Dean chimed in. 
Abby didn’t reply to them, but she walked away from the door. Once she left, Otis and Dean immediately grabbed Zale and interrogated him. 
"What actually happened?" Dean asked impatiently. "Why the luna looked like she was in a bad mood?" 
"What that commotion about?" Otis had been very curious. 
However, Zale didn’t immediately reply to them. Instead, he made a bargain. "I will tell you only if you agreed with my condition." 
"Are you trying to take advantage?" Dean was annoyed by this young boy. 
"If you don’t want to know, I will not force you." Zale shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. 
"What do you want?" Otis growled. 
"Train me as a warrior. I want to be a warrior." The alpha taught him nonsense and all philosophy about being sneaky, because he couldn’t train him personally, since he didn’t have time. Therefore, this was the only way to get a proper training that Zale wanted. 
"No way." Otis rolled his eyes. 
"If you want to be a warrior, you need to ask gamma Ethan or beta Jace." 
Zale was not close with Ethan and Jace still looked upset because he had sneaked into the entourage more than once. 
"Now, tell us what happened or we can ask another warrior..." 
"No. You can ask them then." Zale immediately ran away before they could force him, leaving Otis and Dean annoyed beyond word, since they needed to ask about this to other warriors later. 
Meanwhile, inside the room, Iris was laying down next to Cane. He was sleeping soundlessly, he was not even awake when Iris sneaked into his arms and kissed him a few times. 
"Ah, this is nice..." Iris snuggled against his chest and then fell asleep almost immediately. 
Later in the morning, she was awake to find Cane’s red eyes. It was not Cane. 
"Lu?" Iris asked sleepily and Lu gave her a kiss on the cheek. He looked tired and his eyes were sleepy, but he hugged her tightly. 
Iris caressed his head and he made a noise, happy to be touched by her. 
Cane must be very weak for Lu to be able to resurface, even though the lycan was not strong enough too. 
"Hungry?" Iris asked. Somehow, she felt this happiness to be able to take care of Cane, or... in this case Lu. 
"Yes," Lu said sleepily, he snuggled against her. "But, I want a kiss first..." 
Iris chuckled. She gave him a kiss on the forehead, as she patted his back. "I will ask someone to get us our breakfast, okay?" 
"Can’t you just shout? So, you don’t need to leave?" Lu didn’t want to let her go. He was so weak and Iris could feel it. 
"It will not take long," Iris coaxed him. "I will be right back." 
"Don’t want you to go. That ugly creature wanted to suck me out," Lu whined with his eyes closed. "Those old geezers didn’t do anything." 
"I will not let that happened, okay?" 
"I am going to kill those wrinkled creatures once I gained my strength back." 
"No, killing. Okay?" Lu grumbled, protested that he could end up dying again if he agreed with her, reminding how he died when Na forced him to promise the same thing, thus Iris added. "Unless they are actively trying to hurt you." 
Begrudgingly Lu agreed. "Okay." 
"Now, let me go for a while, so we can eat." 
"Okay." 
With that, Iris got off the bed under Lu’s red eyes, he didn’t want her out of his sight. 
There was nothing eventful that happened during this early morning, Lu didn’t cause trouble too, because he was still battling his sleepiness, he was still too tired to stay awake for long. 
Surprisingly, Abby didn’t ask to meet with Iris in the morning even when the night came, everything was very quiet with Abby and the elders, as if what happened last night had never happened in the first place. 
However, two days later, in the afternoon, alpha Derick and Cezi asked for a meeting again. They came with their decision and from the look on their faces, it seemed they had learned the depth of Kellan’s craziness and what he had done to Arella and the three little girls. 
The look of defeated was very clear on their faces. They looked like they had gone through hell and back, especially alpha Derick. It was so hard for him, since he thought of Kellan as his own son and even looked up to him as the next king in this kingdom, someone righteous that would bring peace and make this kingdom prosper. 
However, even a monsters and savages were more decent than him. 
"I will step down from my role as the alpha," Alpha Derick said. "Cezi will take my place, he and the warriors will pledge their loyalty to alpha Cane." 
Alpha Derick was too ashamed to even look at Iris in the eyes. 
Currently, he and Cezi were inside Cane and Iris’s bedroom. The alpha was still sleeping behind the curtain, but actually, in the past two days, it was always Lu, who occupied Cane’s body.
###Chapter 862: A BREATH AWAY FROM BEING DEAD
Chapter 862: A BREATH AWAY FROM BEING DEAD
Alpha Derick was too ashamed of himself for what he had done and how he had helped Kellan all this time when it turned out that man was even more degrading than those savages. He couldn’t even face luna Iris, not to mention his own daughter. He had let her down. 
This thought, led him to decide to step down from his position as the alpha. 
More so, the warriors needed a new alpha to distinguish the new leader, who would bring them toward different direction. 
The warriors respected Cezi as much as they respected alpha Derick, which would smooth things. 
"Luna, we would like to have the alpha." Cezi looked very polite, he was very genuine with his intention. "We need alpha Cane to be presence when the warriors from the Celestial Moon pack and I pledged our loyalty to him." 
Iris wouldn’t have a second thought to agree to this great suggestion, after all, this was Cane’s idea to get them to his side. The warriors from Celestial Moon pack were battle hardened warriors, who used to fight monsters in the north, therefore, it would be a waste if Cane couldn’t get them for his own benefit in order to fight Kellan and Decratic. 
However, the problem was; it was Lu, who had been occupying Cane’s body, while Cane currently was not too strong to reign the lycan back. 
"Sure, tell me when and I will let Cane knew about it." Iris was a little bit hesitant, but then she agreed. She only needed to make sure Lu to stay quiet. It wouldn’t be hard, because the lycan was also in his weak state, right? 
"I plan to have it tonight. The sooner the better," Cezi replied. He and his father were a little bit disappointed because they couldn’t meet Cane now, but they didn’t have any right to demand the alpha’s presence. 
"That’s sound great." Iris nodded. 
After that, they talked about a few things more before they left, yet alpha Derick asked to talk with Iris alone and with that Cezi walked out of the room first. 
"Luna, I want to thank you again for saving my life, but not only that, you also saved my sister’s life and the other three girls. I don’t know how to repay your kindness," Cezi said solemnly. He was very serious with what he said. 
"I am glad you are here now and they are fine." Iris smiled softly at Cezi and this made the young alpha averted his gaze, somehow he felt embarrassed to see this luna right in her beautiful blue eyes. "Cane thought of you as his brother and alpha Derick is already like a father for him, I only hope in the future we will always walk alongside each other." 
In another word, Iris wanted to remind them about their loyalty and also to always remember what she and Cane had done for them. 
"I understood. I hope the alpha is here. I want to thank him and apologize to him personally." Cezy directed his eyes at the close curtain that obscured Cane’s figure on the bed, because he didn’t dare to look at the luna. 
"You will have the chance tonight. Right now, Cane still needs to rest." 
With that, Cezi left the room, giving the opportunity to alpha Derick for having the conversation he wanted with Iris. 
He looked very old, as if he had aged for a few decades in the last few days. 
"What do you want to talk to me, alpha Derick?" Iris asked after a long stretching silent between them and there was no sign of the alpha to start speaking. 
"I want to thank you personally to save both of my children. I will give up my life if you asked me to," Alpha Derick didn’t know how to string beautiful words to show his gratitude and remorse. 
"You don’t need to, alpha." Iris’s voice was soft, it sounded like an enchanted melody. "I saved them because I can and also because how much you mean for my mate." 
The last statement was not completely right, since ’mean’ that Iris mentioned, had different meaning for Cane and alpha Derick. 
Iris felt so wicked to play with word. She felt slightly bad to see how touched alpha Derick was to hear it and become even more remorseful. 
Well, that’s great, right? It would keep him and Cezi in check. After all, a debt of gratitude was as strong as when you pledged your loyalty to someone. 
Cane said that. 
There was nothing much alpha Derick said after that, but before he left, he reminded Iris of how cunning Kellan was and the dark forces behind him. 
"Thank you, I am well aware of that." 
============================ 
If Ethan didn’t have anything more to do, he would spend his time in the prisoner war area, but to be specific was with this certain man. 
"Hi, I am here again!" Ethan grinned from ear to ear. He loved to see the horror in his eyes when he came. This was the man, who almost killed him. Caused him so much trouble because of the power he held in the past. 
"Stay away from me! Stay away from me!" Alan screamed on the top of his lungs when he saw Ethan. "Mother! Mother! Mother!!!" 
The gamma giggled and he continued with his intention, telling Alan every detail of what happened to lady Cyan. How Cane had skinned her alive and how she met with her demise. 
Ethan would tell him this ’good’ story over and over again. He didn’t torture him physically, since there was no need for that. Alan’s condition was rather pitiful, he surely had it rough with Decratic. 
Meanwhile, the gamma was not the only person, who came to visit this war prisoner area often, because there was Koda too. 
Alpha Colter was still alive, the elders from the Holy Kingdom saved him after the battle with Decratic and even though the alpha was being saved, but he was currently waiting for trial because of the one hundred magic users he had. It breached the rule and the consequence for this action was very dire. 
"Do you really think you can take me down?" Alpha Colter narrowed his eyes at Koda. "I don’t know that you are a traitor. I should have gotten rid of you long time ago." 
Koda tilted his head. "I should be the one, who said that." Koda knelt down and talked to him in low voice. "Should I remind you of what you are going to do with Laluna? What is your plan with her? Getting rid of me?" 
Alpha Colter was shocked. The first thing that came to his mind was; Cane had told Koda about it. But, why? 
The answer was very simple, because Cane wanted Koda and alpha Colter destroyed each other. He only needed to say the right thing and the rest would follow as he expected. 
"It must be Cane, who told you about it! Do you believe him?!" alpha Colter hissed, trying to pin down Cane in his last attempt to save himself, because he knew what kind of game Cane was playing right now, he and Koda were going straight to his scheme. "You are idiot! Cane is trying to pin us against each other! You need to stop this! He is going to destroy you next!" 
Unfortunately, Koda didn’t listen to that, in his eyes alpha Colter only tried his sorry attempt to get him to his side again, but that was not going to happen. Cane was the one, who told him and helped him to get his revenge. 
Therefore, from Koda’s point of view, the alpha was the righteous one. 
After saying his piece, Koda left with a lighthearted feeling, thinking he was a game ahead of alpha Colter and now, he would meet with his demise once the trial began. 
The prisoner area was a little bit spacious without the pack member from Celestial Moon pack, because they were taken to different place. From what people said, they would pledge their loyalty to Cane and Cezi had stepped up to be their alpha. 
And while all the preparation was almost completed and the time was near for Cane to make appearance, so Cezi and his warriors could pledge their loyalty to him officially, Iris was having a hard time to deal with the lycan. 
"Can I have Cane back, please?" Iris coaxed Lu. Because the lycan was very stubborn to press Cane down. 
"No!" Lu frowned. "Why? You don’t like me anymore?" 
Iris sighed deeply. This conversation was going nowhere. "I like you so much, Lu, but I need Cane more now..." 
"No." Lu turned his body and had his back facing Iris. 
"Or... you need to stay quiet and follow the instruction for Cezi to pledge his loyalty to you." Iris only had these two options. 
"I don’t want to." 
"Why?" 
"Don’t like those people. Have the urge to kill them when I saw them." 
"Can you press down your urge for a while? You promised me you will not kill them." Iris moved aside and sat down in front of him, so she could see his expression. The lycan was very sullen. It seemed, it hurt his pride to be defeated by Decratic, Zeke and Dexter. It worsened with the fact it happened in front of so many eyes and the elders didn’t do anything. 
"But, I didn’t promise not to hurt them. I can torture them until they were only a breath away from being dead," Lu protested.
###Chapter 863: PLEDGED THEIR LOYALTY
Chapter 863: PLEDGED THEIR LOYALTY
"Lu..." Iris was being very patient with this lycan. "Be good and listen to me, okay? Or, I will not speak to you again." Iris grabbed both of his hands and kissed his knuckles. "We need them. This is not over yet. I don’t want you to be in danger anymore and we need more people to fight for us." 
Lu pouted his lips. He stared into Iris’s blue eyes, it pained him to realize Na was gone. Her soul was gone. Her life essence had merged completely with Iris and they had become one and now Lu was left behind again, keeping his promise to Na for helping Iris to destroy Decratic. 
He couldn’t disappear yet because the sixth sword was within him and that sword and Iris were the closest thing to her... 
"I want a hug," Lu sulked. 
"Of course." Iris was more than willing to give the lycan a warm hug and he buried his face against the crook of her shoulder, closing his eyes to savor her sweet scent. 
Lu had waited Na for five centuries only to have a brief moment with her, but he was willing to wait for more centuries to have that short precious moment again, even if it was only a remnant of her. 
They stayed like that for almost half an hour because Lu refused to let Iris go. The lycan became exceptionally quiet during this time and he didn’t even mention anything about sex, neither he initiated it like he used to. 
It was only an innocent moment between them and somehow, Iris could feel his... sadness? She might think too much about it. 
When they finally left the room, the sun had set and all the preparation had been made. Ethan and Jace were there, so did the previous alpha, Derick and the current alpha of the Celestial Moon pack, Cezi, along with their warriors. 
Iris couldn’t see Abby or Liam and Cedric, but she saw the three elders, they stood at the sideline and their eyes fixed on Cane. All the people there must know that it was the lycan, since his red eyes gave away his presence. 
The elders didn’t seem happy to see the lycan, since they still had this mindset to get rid of the cursed creature, but the situation was rather complicated for them to pursue this matter. 
"Are you sure, it’s alright to let him do this?" Ethan asked Iris in low voice, as he escorted them to the center table. 
Right now, they were in the open area, in front of the pack house, since they needed spacious space to accommodate thousand of Celestial Moon pack’s warriors. 
"Do you have a problem with me?" Lu glanced viciously at the gamma, he had been in a bad mood. If he could choose, he didn’t even want to be in this place, surrounded by the people he didn’t like. The only person he liked was only Iris and he tolerated this discomfort for her sake. 
"No, of course not!" Ethan raised both of his hands and smiled brilliantly, trying to sweet talk his way out. "I only worried because this little ceremony might bore you, more so they are not important people to be graced by your presence!" 
Iris was speechless when she heard that. She wanted to role her eyes so hard, even more with Lu’s respond. 
"Hm, you are right." Lu nodded, agreed with Ethan. "I like this shifter." If there was someone else that Lu considered to like, it would be this gamma. 
"Of course! Everyone likes me!" Ethan looked so proud of himself and Jace slapped his head for grinning like a fool, but Lu growled at the beta. 
"Don’t you dare to hit him again!" Lu grunted viciously at Jace. Thankfully, Iris immediately tugged Lu’s hand and walked faster before he caused trouble. 
On the other hand, Ethan wanted to laugh his butt off to see the look on Jace’s face, but he restrained himself, or else the gamma would beat him to pulp. After all, the lycan wouldn’t be around all the time. 
There was nothing special about this little ceremony, as they kept it precise and simple. On the table, there was this Vessel Bond, where two people would over their blood to bind them into a pact. This commonly used for those who would pledge their loyalty. 
The vessel bond was like a small basin with a croak in the middle of it. The intricated words around it made of golden. 
This little ceremony was what Iris and Redmond had gone through over a year ago and this time, Cezi and his warriors would do it to Cane. 
Alpha Derick and Cezi looked at each other when they realized it was the lycan they were facing, not Cane. It was hard to comprehend about the lycan’s existence within Cane’s body, yet they tried to unlearn about the information that put the lycan into a bad light, since this creature looked harmless enough to stand quietly next to luna Iris. 
"Luna, this is..." alpha Derick approached Iris and talked to her in low voice, but of course, Lu could hear that, but Iris squeezed his hand to warn him to control his anger. 
"It’s fine. He is still Cane. Lu and Cane are the same." Iris knew what the concern of alpha Derick. 
"Of course not, if I have my own body, this alpha will look shabby in comparison," Lu grumbled, because he couldn’t openly protest. 
After Iris reassured alpha Derick, this little ceremony started. Iris gave her white dagger to Lu, so he could drop his blood on the basin, Cezi did the same thing, after that, he took an oath to Cane. 
The rest of the warriors lowered their head, showing their submission toward Cane, pledging their loyalty to the alpha. 
After the ceremony, all of the warriors left, they were no longer war prisoner and they could stay in the warriors living quarter with the rest of the warriors and the knights. 
Above them, the sky was dark, because tonight was a new moon and Iris wondered whether Lu would shift into his beast form or stayed like this, since it had been him, who occupied Cane’s body. 
But, her line of thought was being interrupted when Elder Xarex approached her and Lu growled darkly, which made the elder put some distance between them.
"Luna Iris, I think this is the time for us to talk," Elder Xarex started. "This matter has been postponed for so long." 
Iris knew they would need to talk about this sooner or later, but she had been avoiding it because she needed Cane to be with her. This was a big deal, something she couldn’t decide on her own, since she couldn’t figure out how Cane would handle this matter. 
However, Lu agreed immediately before Iris could turn his suggestion down. "Sure, let’s talk." 
Elder Xarex nodded and told them he would wait in the library and informed this to the other people that he deemed necessary to be there. 
"Lu, do you know what you are doing?" Iris frowned. She was certain Lu didn’t care much about this problem. Or, maybe he could read what was in Cane’s mind? "Do you have plan of how to handle this?" 
Lu shrugged. "I just wanted it to be done as soon as possible, so I can get him off my butt." Lu grabbed Iris’s hand and pulled her toward the library. "Let’s go." 
"Lu!" Iris protested, this lycan would mess things up! 
In the library, Elder Xarex had called for the other two elders and surprisingly, Abby and her two knights were also there, but there was this tension in the air. They didn’t speak with each other. It seemed, Abby didn’t come and discuss thing with them too in the last few days. 
On Cane’s side, Jace and Ethan came, so did Cezi and his beta, Arche. Iris had seen him during the ceremony before, but didn’t pay close attention to him. 
In total, there were twelve of them and they sat down around the large table that could accommodate them all, surrounded by bookshelves. There was no fire on the fireplace, because it was already early summer and it was rather warm at night. 
"About what happened..." Elder Xarex started this meeting, but Lu cut him off. 
"Oh, shut your mouth. After the display of your stupidity, you still have the audacity to speak?" 
Cane might have the patient to wait and observe first before he took action, he would take his time to scheme his way, but Lu was not really fond of such method. It was wasting his time, his energy, his patient and his braincells to let these old hags to speak. 
Lu was not going to listen to them, if anything, they should be the one, who listened to him. 
"What happened is, you were helping Decratic to get rid of me, thinking so highly of yourself that you can wield the sword, even though you already learned about how Na left this sword to me and only one person can wield it." 
When Lu talked about the sword, his red eyes fixed on Elder Rose, who was forced to stare at her fingers. 
"You almost ruined everything and got yourself killed, not like I will complain, I would love to end your unworthy lives myself if it was not for my mate threatened me that she will not speak to me again if I did so." 
Iris wanted to facepalm herself. This lycan didn’t need to tell them about it, right?
###Chapter 864: HOW LU HANDLED THINGS
Chapter 864: HOW LU HANDLED THINGS
Everyone there were stunned, aside from Iris, Jace and Ethan, the other people were shocked to realize the stark different between Cane and the lycan. 
This was obviously not Cane, because the alpha had never acted so reckless like this, neither he would cuss and act so rowdy. 
This man had the same face and body like Cane, but they could tell the different almost immediately aside from his red eyes that he was not Cane. 
"So, for your own sake, shut up and start to listen more." Lu glared at Elder Xarex, but the elder actually started to speak after he finished. 
"My apology for what happened..." 
"Apology not accepted." 
"I know..." 
"You know nothing." 
"This may sound bad..." 
"It sounds horrendous." 
"I didn’t mean to get rid of you, but you almost killed us when you attacked us." 
"I meant to kill you, though." 
"...." 
The room fell into a deafening silence and Ethan was having a hard time not to laugh. He was exercising his breathing technic, so he wouldn’t burst into a fit of laughter with the way Lu shut the elder up. It was too funny to see Elder Xarex’s face, thus Ethan lowered his head and breathed in, breathed out... 
Beside the gamma, the beta kept kicking his leg to remind him to control himself. 
"Good." Lu nodded in satisfaction. "You really need to be taught how to listen." 
It was clear to see for everyone in this room how hard Elder Xarex was trying to conceal his anger, but he failed miserably and Lu didn’t care much about what he felt. 
"First, you need to engrave this in your mind that only the sixth sword within me that could destroy the real Decratic. You can fuck off if you tried to get rid of me again." Lu didn’t even care with his choice of word. "Forget about that and I might as well get rid of you too." 
Elder Rose and Elder Dandolf said nothing, but the look on their faces were so uncomfortable. For someone, who always in the position of power, being told not to speak what was in their mind was something they had never experienced before. 
But, it would be crazy for them if they insisted to speak over the lycan. They could feel this cursed creature’s strong presence and how intimidating he was, though Lu’s condition was still not stable yet. 
"The three of you will cooperate with Lou, leading the magic users and you." Lu pointed his finger at Cedric. "You will lead the knights. And you and you." Lu pointed Ethan and Cezi now. "You will lead the warriors and we will march toward the Winter Moon pack in two days." 
The plan was very simple, if you could call this a plan at all. 
"Alpha, we need to make an elaborate plan to attack them. We got the information that their reinforcement just docked their ship a few days ago," Jace spoke up, he didn’t think this was a good idea at all to march toward Winter Moon pack with this simple plan. "We need to set a strategy of how to deal with their dark magic users. Our information about them has not yet completed." 
Jace didn’t use to get things done like this, since Cane used to think everything thoroughly and gather as much as information he could. 
"And then what? Wait for them to attack us or come up with their strategy to get us? And then what after that? Everything will come down to a battle in the end." Lu tilted his head at Jace. 
"But, the dark magic user..." Elder Xarex wanted to speak, but Lu cut him off. 
"You deal with them." Lu waved his hand nonchalantly, as if saying; should I tell you what to do? Wasn’t it very obvious? "You took it upon yourself to fight those magic users, you can deal with them too." 
It was the elders, who dealt with Dexter and Zeke during the fight, even against Decratic too and Lu referred to that moment. 
"We don’t know Decratic’s condition right now, but obviously he will be very weak, it’s the right time to attack. We will leave in two days and make all the preparation. All the people, who can fight will come. That’s it." Lu stood up, he had been so itchy to leave this room. He hated it to be surrounded by the elders and strangers. 
"About the Serafim..." 
And once again Lu cut off Elder Xarex’s words. "She will be with me." 
"No, I mean the Serafim..." 
"I only know one Serafim and she is right by my side." Lu didn’t acknowledge Abby at all. They could get her to join the elders or put her anywhere, that was not his concern. 
"About her pregnancy... we can’t bring her because it will cause harm to the baby." The elders had decided among them that they would need to keep the baby and will come up with a story to be fed to the people in the Holy Kingdom about how the Serafim was pregnant out of wedlock. 
They had discussed about the suitable punishment for Cedric too and none of it had been talked with Abby. 
Hearing what they said, Abby raised her head, she didn’t believe elder Xarex would bring this topic up when there was Cezi and his beta here, they didn’t know about this matter at all! 
Meanwhile, Lu simply gave them a nasty look and said nothing, he helped Iris to stand up and walk out of the room with long strides with her, as if he would get a plague or a disease if he stayed a little bit longer. 
"Lu, I don’t think it’s wise to march toward Winter Moon pack in two days without being fully prepared first." Iris didn’t say the logic behind it was wrong, since everything would come to this point, where they needed to battle their way to get to Decratic. It would happen sooner or later. But, Lu was being too reckless. "We need to make a plan, don’t you think?" 
"The plan is to get control over Winter Moon pack, killed all Decratic’s follower and then kill that ugly creature that had been a headache for centuries. That’s the plan." Lu wrapped his arm around her waist possessively. 
"It didn’t sound like a plan..." Iris mumbled. 
"It did." Lu insisted. 
On their way to their bedroom, they met with Lou, who just arrived from meeting with the merchants from Karam. All of them heard what happened in the Black Market and needless to say, they were not so thrilled with the news, since it meant most of them had to suffer a great lost.
Lou used this momentum to get the merchant on their side, as per Cane’s instruction. They would use their anger to gather forces and attack Moon Dew pack. 
Cane had planned about this carefully, since Winter Moon pack and Moon Dew pack were on the east kingdom. Once they took down Winter Moon pack and control their harbor, the merchant could come from there and together they would continue their attack toward Moon Dew pack. 
That was Cane’s plan and Lou was working on it, since he was a merchant, it would be easier for him to gather their support. 
"Ah! I have good news!" Lou’s face lit up when he saw Iris, but his mood immediately turned sour when he saw the person beside her, even more he saw his red eyes. "Is it that... lycan?" Lou asked in low voice. 
Even he himself could tell that he shouldn’t mess with this cursed creature. 
"What do you mean with that lycan?" Lu narrowed his eyes, unhappy. "Move away." 
"I need to talk with her about..." Lou stopped himself when Lu growled and black wisp emanated from his body. Okay. This was bad. He might have the courage to provoke Cane because that man was logical, but this lycan was simply crazy. There was no win against a madman. "I will talk to you later!" 
"There is no later! Scram!" Lu didn’t like the smell of this merchant, especially his red cloak that was a sore in his eyes. 
"Lu!" 
Two days. She hoped within two days Cane would return and make things right, but it would always be Lu when she woke up, while people started to make a hasty preparation to go to Winter Moon pack. 
Now Iris became worried. What happened with Cane? Why after that night he had never appeared again? Was he very weak to take over his body? Or Lu was getting stronger and managed to stay for this long? 
"Lu, tell me why Cane is not here?" Iris supported her body with her elbows when she stared at him. Both of them were laying down on the bed and it was the night before they left for Winter Moon pack. They would leave early in the morning, but even after midnight, Iris still couldn’t sleep a wink. "Is he very weak?" 
Lu himself didn’t look like he had regained all of his strength, but in this case, Cane must be weaker than him. 
"Is he very hurt? Is he in so much pain?" Iris was worried so much. She knew Cane was there and his wolf spirit was the weakest since she was able to see it, but... "Have you been suppressing him?" 
Lu didn’t like this question, it almost felt like Iris didn’t want him... that Na didn’t want him... 
"Poisonous miasma is very dangerous. He breathed in plainly."
###Chapter 865: BARGAINING WITH ABBY
Chapter 865: BARGAINING WITH ABBY
"His spirit is fine, because I took the brunt of it, but his body is very weak. He can move because of my will power only," Lu sulked. He avoided Iris eyes and scoffed. 
Iris knew it would hurt Lu’s feeling when she asked about Cane, but he needed to know that he was not the one her heart desire. 
"Lu, you know very well that I am not Na." Iris wanted to say that Na had gone, but she didn’t have a heart to point out the obvious, since she was sure, Lu was well aware of that. "You look for her within me, but I am not her. You know that too, right?" 
Lu still avoided her eyes and this made Iris sat down and talked to him even gentler. 
"I love you, Lu, because you are part of Cane and you love me not because of me, but because of the remnant of the woman you love. Just like how you only want your Na, I also only want Cane." Iris caressed his head. "Give Cane back to me, okay?" 
"I want a hug." Lu didn’t wait for Iris to give him a hug when he pulled her against his chest and Iris allowed him to do so. He had been very clingy to her, but not once he mentioned about sex. 
It seemed, no matter how hard Lu tried to deny it, he knew Na had gone, thus it was so wrong for him to have such intimacy with Iris, just like how she couldn’t do it whenever Lu occupied Cane’s body. 
However, Lu was still clinging to the only thing that reminded him of Na, which was Iris. Though Na had gone, Iris had her power and some of her memories. 
Iris was the closest thing to Na and Lu helplessly held onto it. 
"He needs more time to rest." In the end, Lu only said that. 
"Okay." Iris sighed. She felt relief because it meant, Cane was still there. He would return to her at some point. It was fine for him to rest, Iris could wait for him... 
The next day, Lu woke up grumpily, because he was still sleepy, thus he continued to sleep inside the carriage, while Iris looked around, checking on the people about the preparation and gave some tasks to the pack member of Diandem pack while they were away. She took care of everything very well, more than people expected of her. 
Right now, the warriors treated her with the utmost respect. They would bow politely at her whenever they saw her. 
Iris thought, this was what she wanted, this was what she really desired that people finally saw her in bright light and she could escape from the curse of being Gerald’s daughter and finally people saw her for the way she was. 
However, Iris didn’t feel as happy as she thought. It was nice for them not to see her with hostility, but that was all. 
She did everything that she had done not because she sought their acknowledgment, but because she wanted to and she was able to do so, it had nothing to do with her desire to be part of them like she used to think in the past. 
There were so many important things that became her concern right now and their acceptance was no longer her priority, but because of how she saw things from different perspective, it became easier for her. 
"Where is he?" Ethan approached Iris when he saw her walked alone among the warriors and the pack member of Diandem pack, giving them instruction and simply talked to them. 
"He is in the carriage, sleeping." 
Ethan stopped looking around. "I wonder where he is, since you are alone." Whenever the lycan occupied Cane’s body, he wouldn’t leave Iris’s side, thus Ethan had his hope rather high to think Cane had returned. "What about... Cane? The warriors have been wondering about the alpha too, since they knew red eyes meant it’s not the alpha." 
Iris then explained what Lu had told her and Ethan was visibly relief. "At the very least, we know that we don’t need to deal with the lycan forever." He liked the way Lu ended the meeting with the elders, since he thought, he would be stuck in three to four hours boring meeting, but the lycan put it to end within less than half an hour! 
But still, he needed the alpha. It made all the warriors nervous because their alpha was not here. 
"I thought you like the lycan," Iris teased Ethan, reminded him of what he said before to Lu. "I think Lu likes you too." 
"Well, it’s an achievement to be liked by the lycan. I would rather have him liked me than hated me." Ethan shuddered to think what the lycan could do, but then he lowered his voice, as if he was afraid Lu suddenly appeared and listened to their conversation. "Don’t tell Lu that I asked this, okay?" 
Iris laughed with his request. "I thought you said it yourself that everyone loves you, in that case, there is no way Lu will hate you." 
Iris was in good mood, she teased Ethan relentlessly and the gamma could only laugh and tease her back. It felt so nice and their life felt normal when they had this banter, talking about trivial thing, or laughing at something foolish. 
But then, Ethan’s voice became a little bit serious. "I want to thank you. I have not yet thanked you properly because the situation has been very hectic, but I really appreciated what you have done to save my life." 
"Being very serious doesn’t suit you, Ethan." Iris smiled gently at the gamma. 
"How can’t I be serious when I thank you for saving my life." Ethan sighed deeply, he lifted his head and stared at the sky. "I thought I would die, because the pain from that disease was very unbearable. But, then I saw Aliana was crying for me and I have this ridiculous thought; at least, I know that she cared, with this I could go with content." 
"Don’t be silly, Aliana always cares about you. Even if she doesn’t like you romantically, she still cares about you." Iris saw Ethan’s ears turned red and he became timid. "What is it? Something happened between you two?" 
"N- nothing!" Ethan denied it too fast, which only made Iris became more suspicious. 
"What is it? Tell me!" Iris scooted closer, wanted to get the tea from the gamma. 
"Actually..." Ethan scratched his head awkwardly, as he looked around him, making sure no one would listen to this conversation. "I kissed her the other night and she didn’t push me away..." Ethan bit his lip. "I think she even reciprocated it..." 
Iris gasped, her blue eyes lit up, she was beaming when she heard that. "Ethan!" She was so happy for him, as if she was the one, who got kissed by the person she loved. "I am sure she started to open her eyes for you!" 
"I am not sure about that..." 
"She must be very scared of losing you that she finally realized she is in love with you!" Iris hyped him up. 
"Well, in that case, I should thank the disease, but Aliana actually acted very normal after the kiss." 
"Nahh..." Iris waved her hands to dismiss his doubt. "She must be embarrassed and surprised, but there is no doubt, she liked you!" 
"But, she acted like she didn’t. I was so sad to think I was dreaming about that, she made it like it was a dream. Loving someone is annoying," Ethan grunted. 
The two of them talked a little bit more about it, until Abby approached Iris and asked to talk with her. The two of them then went to Abby’s carriage to have a private talk. 
Iris glanced at Abby’s stomach, she was still not showing under her dress and cloak. "I hope everything is well in your end." 
"I can’t say so," Abby said bitterly. The pressure from the elders was still bearable, but it was only because they had something else to think of, but after everything was done, it would go south very fast for Abby, especially Cedric. They still assumed Cedric was the father. 
"I thought they don’t allow you to go because of your condition." 
The elders insisted for Abby to be left behind because of her pregnancy, because no matter what the baby might be the next Serafim. "I insisted to go." 
And then silence. 
Iris took a deep breath. This was not the reason why Abby asked to have a talk with her. "What do you want, Abby?" Iris asked. 
Abby looked hesitant, but then there was this determination in her eyes when she looked at Iris. "I need your help." 
Iris had guessed it. "What kind of help do you want?" She folded her arms in front of her chest, a gesture that said she was being defensive. 
"I know there is no good for me to hold this title any longer. I don’t have power to hold onto it." Abby meant it, whether divine power or the power against the Holy Kingdom, she had none. 
"And what you want from me?" Iris narrowed her eyes. 
"Claim the title. I know you are more than capable to do it and with divine power you are holding now, you more than deserved it." 
"You want me to shoulder the responsibility? And then what do you want?" 
"I only need your protection." 
"And what will you give me in return?" 
"I will tell you about Rei."
###Chapter 866: AN IMPORTANT AND URGENT THING FOR LU
Chapter 866: AN IMPORTANT AND URGENT THING FOR LU
Abby had thought about this carefully. She had told Iris a few secrets about the Holy Kingdom and now when the situation came to this and there was no way out for her and the baby, it would be better if she sided with the people, who could protect them. 
In her eyes, Iris was more than capable. With Cane and his warriors behind him, that was a remarkable force that could support Iris’s claim for the title of the Serafim. 
The elders couldn’t do anything because they had witnessed it with their own eyes, so did thousand of knights of how powerful Iris was. There was no denying it. 
However, Iris didn’t seem excited to hear Abby’s plan. She leaned her back against the backrest and stared at her. She was deep in thought. 
"I know this is too much for me to ask." 
"This is indeed too much." Iris agreed to her statement, which made Abby flustered. "I am thinking whether or not I want to know about this Rei person." 
Abby bit her lip, she placed her hand over her stomach out of instinct. Iris caught her movement and her eyes darkened. She knew that feeling very well. Her instinct to protect their precious one. 
Iris mirrored Abby’s movement, as she glanced at her two little lights that rested on her laps. 
"Since you said that you have met with him, I am sure you are the one, who he has been looking for," Abby said. There was no doubt of that. 
"Why he was looking for me?" This was the question that had been bothering her. Or, to be precise, why he was looking for Na and how he was still alive? Why he was using black magic when he was originally Na’s protector. 
Now the questions started flooding Iris’s mind. 
However, Abby didn’t answer that question. She had said the right thing to get Iris’s curiosity and now the decision was in her hands. 
"Please, think about this. I am on your side now." Abby didn’t have another choice, this was the best thing she could do to save Liam and there was no way she would sacrifice Cedric in this serious offense. 
"You are only on my side when it’s convenient for you," Iris stated, which made Abby avoided her eyes, too embarrassed to even look at her. 
With that, Iris left the carriage and not long after they set off toward Winter Moon pack. With this long entourage, it would take them four days and during that time, Lu spent them inside the carriage, sleeping. 
During the new moon, he shifted into his beast form, but he didn’t do much, only needed cuddles and a lot of scratching behind his ears, just like Lil Thing. 
The lycan only came out occasionally or when he looked for Iris because she was not in the carriage when he woke up, after that he couldn’t care less about anything else. His plan was plain and simple; fighting and killing his way to get a hold of Winter Moon pack. 
With that, Jace and Ethan came up with more strategy of how they would do it, since their enemies had a bunch of dark magic users. They were not trivial matter. Cezi and Arche helped with this too, so did Cedric and Liam. 
The magic users under alpha Colter were still chained up, along with the royal warriors, who still refused to pledge their loyalty. There were some warriors, who were left behind to look after them and the member of Diandem pack also helped with this task. 
The monsters that Iris had tamed were guarding the pack from the outside, just in case something unexpected happened. 
"I will do it, go and sleep." Ethan took the rope, as Aliana was arranging it for future used. 
"I am almost done," Aliana replied, as she continued with what she was doing, but Ethan didn’t let her. 
"It’s a long and difficult journey, you need to rest." 
Hearing that, Aliana chuckled. "We are in this journey together, Ethan. What made you think that it was less difficult for you than for me?" 
Ethan mumbled something incoherently. After that kiss, he felt a little bit awkward with how normal Aliana was, as if it had never happened, he almost doubted himself and started to think that he only dreamed about it. 
"If you are being stubborn, let’s do it together then," Aliana suggested, she picked the rope again and this time, Ethan was unusually quiet. 
The two of them fiddled with this rope, squatting down near the carriage, while the other warriors busied themselves with their own task. Above them was the crescent moon. 
"Aliana." 
"Hm?" 
"About the kiss..." 
Aliana suddenly stood up, which startled Ethan. "I think you are right, I need to sleep. It’s a long day." She was about to leave, but Ethan held her hand tightly. 
The gamma stood up and stared at her closely, suddenly a mischievous grin appeared on his lips. 
"What are you smiling for?" Aliana narrowed her eyes to see the look on Ethan’s face. Under the soft light of the moon, you could see how she blushed and this made Ethan more than happy to see this reaction. 
Well, Aliana was not really ignorance like how he thought of her. 
"What?" Aliana snapped because Ethan kept giving her this look, while grinning like a creep. "What do you want?" 
Ethan didn’t answer her, but he simply pecked on her lips. It happened very quick, as if the gamma only wanted to see her reaction for his action, bluntly, Ethan waited for Aliana to be mad or even slap him, but when she didn’t do any of that and the two of them only stared at each other like a fool, he pecked her lips again, this time he stayed a second longer, before he withdrew and waited for her reaction. 
This time, Aliana didn’t protest too, thus Ethan did the same thing and his kiss lasted a little bit longer. 
"If you want to kiss her just do it, what the hell with those pecks?" 
Aliana screeched and Ethan almost jumped out of his skin when the two of them heard Redmond’s voice. The tension between them was very real, they didn’t even notice him had been watching them. 
"What the hell are you doing there?!" Ethan snapped. "Are you a creep?!" 
Redmond scoffed, he scrunched his nose disdainfully. "Do you really think it’s enjoyable to watch your lame kiss? I can do better than that." Redmond raised his hand to stop Ethan from screaming his head off. "That lycan wanted to see you, let’s go now!" 
Ethan couldn’t believe it! What a mood breaker! He wanted to kick his ass and sent him back to Blue Moon pack. He had not even kissed her yet! 
Ethan turned his head and looked at Aliana’s red face. He wanted to continue but the mood was not right. 
"Go, the lycan will cause trouble if you kept him waiting." Aliana pushed Ethan away, she wanted him to go, because it was too embarrassing. 
"I can’t believe I say this... but, I miss our alpha..." Ethan groaned pitifully. 
After Ethan left, Aliana sighed deeply, but she screeched again when she saw her brother. Jace emerged from the shadow of the tree. 
"What?!" Aliana snapped at him, she became unnecessarily defensive now. 
However, Jace just walked past her, while holding up his hands, as if he didn’t mean any harm. "No comment," he said, as he walked away, but then after a few steps, he stopped and glanced over his shoulder. "If you are going to do it, do it in private. People are watching." 
Aliana groaned. "I will not do it again!" 
"Well..." Jace shrugged his shoulders. "Poor Ethan." 
Meanwhile, Lu asked for Redmond, Ethan and Jace to meet him because there was an important thing he wanted to say to them. 
"I am only going to ask you once, so listen carefully," Lu said, he leaned his back against the carriage behind him, while the three shifters waited for what he was going to ask with serious expression. 
Currently, Iris was inside the carriage, she was sleeping. 
"What is it?" Redmond asked he scrunched his brows, because this lycan didn’t talk and let the tension hang in the air. 
"Tell me... where can you get Golden Seed fruit?" Lu finally asked. 
Ethan, Jace and Redmond blinked their eyes. They thought they gathered here with the instruction to meet with Lu immediately because this lycan had something really urgent and important to say, but as it turned out he only asked this...? What he actually asked? 
"What are you staring at?" Lu was not happy because they didn’t reply to his question. "So, do you know where to find that fruit?" 
"This is the important thing that you want to discuss with us?" Redmond asked, his voice was devoid from any emotions. 
"This is important thing. Iris mentioned she wanted to eat the fruit." Of course, this was very important for Lu! 
"Is this really important?!" Redmond raised his voice, but Ethan immediately held him back because he got beaten up by the lycan. 
"Calm down! Do you want to get killed?" Ethan hissed fiercely at Redmond. 
"Did you just raise your voice at me?!" Lu growled, his red eyes shone brightly with rage and Jace immediately jumped between them. 
"We don’t think you can find the fruit now, unless you asked for Lou’s help, because..." 
"Where is he?" Lu didn’t even wait for Jace to finish his sentence.
###Chapter 867: HOW DARE THEY WANT TO TOUCH ME!
Chapter 867: HOW DARE THEY WANT TO TOUCH ME!
Iris didn’t actually ask for the fruit, she only mentioned it by passing, because suddenly she wanted it, as if her mouth was watering when she imagined eating that fruit. 
But she definitely understood if she couldn’t have it. Therefore, she wouldn’t have imagined Lu would make a big fuss over it when she was sleeping. 
After Lu couldn’t get the answer he wanted from Redmond, Ethan and Jace, he went to look for Lou as per the beta suggestion. 
"This is nonsense, why would Iris ask for that fruit?" Redmond frowned. This was not like her at all to actually bother other people and ask for something ridiculous when she knew they were in the middle of something more important than fruit. 
"I think the lycan only made his own assumption." Jace sighed deeply. He knew the lycan would give them a headache or two eventually. But, as long as he didn’t do anything reckless, they should be grateful. "Maybe the luna only mentioned it without thinking much about it and the lycan assumed she really wanted the fruit." 
Redmond scrunched his nose. "Well, that most likely." 
Ethan grimaced. "Should we wake Iris? Just in case Lu caused trouble for Lou?" 
Hearing that, Redmond laughed. "Let the lycan caused trouble for the merchant." He stretched his body. "I am going to sleep." He couldn’t care less about that and sleeping was more tempting for him. 
Jace also didn’t seem to be worried about it, but the beta gave the gamma a sharp look, which made him flustered. 
"What? What is it? Why are you giving me that look?" Ethan hunched his shoulders, as if Jace was going to attack him, but the beta simply scoffed and then walked away. "What’s wrong with him?" 
Right now, the three of them could go back to their respective post after the false alarm that the lycan gave to them, but there was a certain merchant, who was facing trouble when Lu headed toward his carriage. 
The lycan didn’t even knock, he immediately went inside and Lou almost died from heart attack when he opened his eyes and saw Cane’s red eyes. The man was sitting on his legs, tugging on his blanket. 
"What the fuck!!!" Lou jumped out of his skin, as he immediately sat down and glared at Lu. "What the hell are you doing here!? You pervert!" 
"Where I can get that Dragon Seed fruit." Lu didn’t even wait for Lou’s heart to settle back in his chest when he addressed his business. "Jace said you know how to get it." 
Lou opened his mouth, but there was no word that came out for a few moment, too shock to speak. "Darn that beta! What nonsense he was spouting!" And the first thing he said was cursing Jace. 
"Tell me how to get the Dragon Seed." Lu didn’t care about him cursing other, he only wanted to get the Dragon Seed before Iris woke up. 
"Why all of sudden do you want the Dragon Seed?! Are you pregnant!?" Lou snapped and this didn’t sit well with Lu. He growled dangerously and the merchant corrected his attitude. "This is in the middle of the night, okay... why do you want Dragon Seed all of sudden? It’s not a fruit that you can get anywhere. It will be difficult to find the fruit." There was no way he was going to go out in the middle of the night to fulfill this lycan’s craziness. 
"Iris wanted it, where to find it." 
Lu tilted his head and blinked his eyes. "Iris?" The name made him reconsidered his decision earlier. "Why? She wanted that fruit?" 
"Yes." Lu tugged Lou’s blanket again and crept closer to him. "Where can I get the fruit?" 
Lou grimaced. "Can you at least let me get dressed first?" it felt so strange to be half naked in front of this lycan. "Get out from this carriage first!" 
"Why should I?" Lu knew this merchant could create a portal that would get him anywhere he wanted. He was not going to let him do that. 
"Do you want to see me naked?" 
"I have seen something worst." 
Lou really wanted to kill this lycan! But, wait. He couldn’t. Because it was him, who would get killed first. 
"Arrgghh!" Lou let out a frustrated groan when Lu crossed his arms in front of his chest and leaned his back against the carriage wall, waiting for him to get dressed. 
"Hurry up, I don’t have much time, Iris will wake up soon." 
Lou felt like he was being violated and couldn’t fight back. It was crazy, but he preferred Cane better than this cursed creature! 
Of course, he wouldn’t let a single soul to know about this! 
In the end, once Lou finished, he created the portal for the two of them, but instead of going to Capital City, Lou took him to Chrystal Moon pack. 
Lou had been coming here often by using the portal to keep things updated with the merchant from the Karam continent, he was not sure how he ended up with this task, but it was too late for him to complain. 
It was in the middle of the night and they were at the harbor, but it was very lively here, there were a lot of taverns that opened, which became the main income for the pack member of Chrystal Moon pack. As per Iris’s instruction, they also introduced Howling Wolf pack’s signature alcohol tea. Magic stone trading had started too. 
Here, in this pack, after such cruel winter and so many deaths because of the crows, life had started to become a little bit better. The merchant also brought many grains and food supply, where it would be distributed to the other pack. 
Therefore, despite the war that was happening, most of the pack in the south were not really affected, thanked to the alpha and the luna. 
"Where is that fruit?" Lu asked urgently. 
"Just follow me," Lou grumbled. He felt like he had been in this kind of situation before. Ah! He remembered! Cane also asked the same fruit in the past, where he took him to the capital city, but instead of fruit, he picked five orphan children. 
Lou glanced at Cane. He frowned. Was this actually Cane, but he was playing with him? But then, he shook his head. That was not Cane’s style. 
Lou shuddered when he realized he knew Cane more than he wanted! 
"Don’t ever think to leave me here," Lu said with threatening voice. He hated to be in this crowd. He hated merchant, shifters and magic users in general. He hated people. "Iris will chew you out and I am going to kill you if you did that." 
"I didn’t even think about that!" 
"I know the look on your face." 
Lou was speechless. He was thinking about different thing, okay?! 
However, Lu didn’t want to waste his energy and argue with the lycan, as he led him to meet with one merchant that he knew could help him to find that fruit. 
"Lou! My friend!" An overweight man with belly that spilled out of his waistband approached Lou with opened arms. From the smell of it, he was a little bit drunk, but sober enough to recognize the alpha. "Alpha Cane!" 
Lu stared down at him with disdain. 
"Mark, find me Golden Seed fruit." Lou stepped in between the man named Mark and Lu, just in case the lycan was annoyed and he decided to get rid of him. The lycan was very unpredictable, it was better safe than sorry. 
"Why do you want that fruit?" Mark slobbered. His small eyes squinted. "Is this for a woman?" 
"Yes." 
"Do you get a woman pregnant?" 
"What nonsense are you spouting?" Lou hastily denied it because he could feel the murderous intent from the creature behind him. "Shut up and tell me where can I find the fruit." 
"Come with me!" Mark shrugged his shoulders, as he hobbled away. "Usually, if someone looked for the fruit in the middle of the night like this that woman is actually craving, because pregnant woman loved to eat this kind of stuff in this strange hour." 
Lou scouted over to Lu and ask in low voice. "Did you get her pregnant again?" 
Lu tilted his head. "Cane was the one, who got her pregnant." 
Lou clicked his tongue. "Well, you and Cane are actually the same." 
"Absolutely not. We are different." 
Lou got a headache, he really missed talking to Cane... 
However, their conversation was disrupted when three women approached the two of them. They were wearing so little dress, where it showed their skin. Two women were shifters, but the other one was not. 
"This must be the famous alpha Cane!" one of the women said coquettishly, he stretched out her hand to touch Lu. "Why don’t you spend time with us, alpha while the luna is not here? We know how to please you." Her whispery voice was very tempting.
However, a single glare from Lu was enough to make her stopped her hand from touching him. 
"Touch me and I will rip your head off." 
Lu looked very dangerous, he was very intimidating, especially with his red eyes, as if he was going out to seek for blood. The women immediately backed off, trembling in fear to feel the alpha’s murderous aura. 
"You don’t need to be very scary," Lou sighed because the women avoided them. 
"How dare they want to touch me when they knew I have Iris!" Lu grumbled.
###Chapter 868: YES, LOVE...
Chapter 868: YES, LOVE...
Lu was having none of it when these women tried to flirt with her, as he growled at them to back off, while Lou looked miserable because he couldn’t get a little bit of fun. 
He was not a womanizer, but he wouldn’t turn down some affection here and there. After all, Nala was left with Sabian in Diandem pack and he couldn’t get his need met when she was not around, but this lycan ruined it and he couldn’t even complain. 
"There, you can ask for the fruit to him," Mark said, pointing his finger at a skinny man, who was talking with someone on one of the ships at the harbor. 
"Thanks," Lou said, he flicked a silver coin to Mark and approach the skinny man, who he pointed, while Lu was following behind him. Lou then talked to the man. The sky was very clear and the wind was rather cold. 
Lou didn’t want to go to Capital City, he didn’t think there was anything left there, more so the last time he was there, they couldn’t find the fruit. In that case, this harbor was the best place for him to find the fruit Iris wanted. 
"How much money do you have?" Lou asked the lycan. He came here in hurry, so he didn’t bring much with him. 
"I don’t have any money," Lu replied honestly. 
Lou was upset. "You dragged me here to get the fruit, but you didn’t have any money?" If he could, he wanted to kick his leg. Unfortunately, he was not that brave. 
"What? You don’t have any money with you? You should know to bring money." 
Lou wanted to retort, but he saved his energy. Arguing with this lycan wouldn’t bring him anywhere. In the end, he exchanged his magic stone with three Golden Seed fruits, where Lu immediately took it from his hands. 
"I bought that fruit." Lou wanted to give the fruit to Iris himself, forgetting there was no way he would be able to do so with the lycan around. 
"You exchanged these fruits with the magic stone that Howling Wolf pack provided. The Howling Wolf pack belonged to Cane and Cane is me." Lu looked so smug with the three Golden Seed fruits in his arms, he couldn’t wait to see Iris’s expression when she woke up. "Let’s go back." 
"Didn’t he say that he is not Cane not long ago?" Lou grumbled, but he created a portal and took them back. 
But before that, they saw three ships sailed toward the harbor. 
"More merchants?" Lou squinted his brows. The merchant should have sailed to Winter Moon pack after they got news from them, so they could march together toward Moon Dew pack. "I don’t know there will be more merchants..." 
"Hey, let’s go back!" Lu urged him. 
With that, they returned. It was almost morning and Lou only got three more hours to sleep before they had to move again and Lou had to go back to Chrystal Moon pack to check what ships he saw last night. 
"Where did you get this?" Iris was surprised to see what Lu gave to her. Three Golden Seeds fruit. She just woke up and the first thing she saw was Lu’s red eyes stared at her, which startled her a little. 
"I got them!" he said excitedly, but he didn’t want to tell her how he could get them. "Eat! I have a hard time and have to go through a lot of trouble to get them! You should eat them all!" 
Iris was a little bit suspicious, but then she didn’t prod further, because the moment her tastebuds tasted the sweet and sour taste of the fruit, she enjoyed it so much. 
"Thank you," Iris said genuinely. She kissed him on the cheek. 
Lu determined to drag the merchant back to the harbor and get more fruit for Iris, but Lou actually didn’t return to their entourage even after they reached the border of Winter Moon pack’s territory. 
"Just like we expected, the whole place is protected by dark magic," one of the magic users reported back to them after a thorough investigation. 
Iris could already tell, but the elders insisted for their magic users to check on the situation too, just to make sure, since in their experience, no one could tell black magic only by a single glance. 
"Luna Iris, you can start to purify the black magic." Elder Xarex approached Iris. 
"I never said that I will purify the black magic from the shield." Iris was still upset because the elders questioned her ability to detect the black magic, but now once they had confirmed it, they came to her to do the job? "Why don’t you ask to your magic users to do it instead? I don’t want to be questioned anymore in front of my pack member." 
Iris was the luna of the pack and for Elder Xarex to question her ability when she had given them more than enough proof of her power was akin to a slap on the face and Iris didn’t want to let it slide. 
Redmond chuckled when he heard that, so did Zale, who was standing next to him. The young boy came along because they had learned from the previous event that he would follow them in one way or another, so to save everyone’s time, they decided to get him with them, an extra help would be appreciated during the journey after all. 
And Lil Thing too came with them. 
"Fine." Elder Xarex was the head of the elders too, so even though he was wrong for the way he treated Iris in the beginning, but he wouldn’t lower himself by begging her in front of the people from the Holy Kingdom. 
In the end, there were two hundred magic users that tried to crack the shield with the assist of the previous Serafim, Elder Rose. She called the Sylph to enhance their magic power, but it was not enough. 
With that, Elder Xarex ordered for two hundred magic users more to help. You could see how distressed they were when the shield didn’t budge. 
"Keep trying!" Elder Xarex roared. 
"They will not be able to crack the shield," Abby said, as she approached Iris. She stood next to her, while Cedric and Liam were not too far from them. And for Lu, the lycan was currently sleeping inside the carriage. 
"Why do you think so?" Iris glanced at Abby. Ethan and Jace, who were standing behind her also tried to listen to her explanation. 
"I think you already knew the answer. You can feel it, right? The shield contained with Decratic’s black magic." Abby was having a hard time to purify it and only Iris, who actually could do it, but it was also difficult for her to achieve that, let alone mere magic users under Elder Xarex’s command. "Elder Rose should absorb the black magic, if she really wanted to crack the shield. But, Elder Rose will not think of that, because she is not familiar with Decratic’s black magic." 
What Abby said was right. After a few encounters with Decratic she was familiar with this feeling, where originally she thought it was only her was being restless, but actually it was Decratic’s power. 
"Let them try," Iris replied nonchalantly. "Make a campsite here, it seems it will take some time for us to attack them," she ordered Eron to relay the message. 
"Yes, luna!" Eron then went to inform this. 
"Have you thought about my offer?" Abby asked. She was very nervous, but she was good at hiding it now. "Do you really not want to know about Rei?" 
"I will think about that." Iris glanced at Abby. 
"Are you going to be like this?" Abby grabbed Iris’s hand when she was about to leave. "Are you punishing me now because I made it difficult for you before for not being cooperative?" 
Iris swatted her hand. She stared at Abby intently when she spoke. "Everything is not always about you, Abby. You are not the only one, who have gone through difficult time and being judged. Stop thinking that everything is about you and maybe you can feel better." 
Abby gritted her teeth. Iris must have seen what she had gone through, just like how she had seen her darkest time. Comparing to what Iris had to endure all this time, Abby felt awful. 
And after saying that, Iris walked away, she entered her carriage again and stayed with Lu, she snuggled into his arms to look for comfort. 
"Cane, I miss you..." Iris buried her face against his chest. From the corner of her eyes, Iris could see her two little lights started to change. It was not very clear, but it started to have a shape. Iris smiled when she saw it and she felt Cane tightened his arms around her body. 
"You smell different..." Cane said sleepily. 
"How?" Iris closed her eyes and breathed in his scent. She liked his warmth body and the comfort he gave her. 
"Sweeter..." 
"Really?" Iris didn’t think much about that and fell asleep, while out there the elders and their magic users were still trying to take down their enemy’s protection shield. 
Iris only woke up when the sky had turned bright red and the first thing she saw was Cane’s dark eyes. She actually woke up because he caressed her earlobe. 
"You look skinnier..." Cane said, his voice was a little bit rough, but Iris was very familiar with his gesture. 
"Cane?" 
"Yes, love..." Cane kissed the tip of her nose.
###Chapter 869: THE CHANGE IN HER SCENT
Chapter 869: THE CHANGE IN HER SCENT
Iris startled when Cane kissed the tip of her nose, her sleepiness faded away the moment she realized the man, who was with her right now was Cane. He was here with her now and Iris felt like she was going to cry. 
Iris hugged him tighter and buried her face against his chest. "Why it took you so long?" This was the longest Cane let Lu resurfaced and it was rather hard to see the person that you loved, but it was actually not him. 
Even though Lu had said that Cane would eventually comeback, but every time she opened her eyes and it was not this pair eyes, who stared back at her, there was this sadness and restlessness that Iris felt. She was afraid Cane would never comeback to her. It was silly, but that was the truth. 
"I am sorry," Cane said, he squeezed her body. From the sound of it, the alpha was clearly still exhausted and it must be hard for him to get back his consciousness from the lycan. "It must be hard on you to deal with everything alone." 
Iris kissed his chest, she felt a heavy weight was just lifted off her shoulders. "It’s so hard when I want to kiss you, but I have to hold myself back because it felt so wrong." 
Cane chuckled when he heard that. It sounded very cheesy and Iris actually laughed after what she said. Her mood improved significantly. 
"Will you tell me what happened?" Cane knew the gist of the situation when Lu took over his body, but he missed a few important things, which he was not aware of. 
"You need to rest, you still look tired." 
"I am fine, I can handle this." Cane liked it when they talked about important and difficult thing, while holding each other, as if they would always have each other no matter how hard the situation could be. 
There was no way out if Cane already insisted on something and Iris knew this matter was already very pressing to be discussed. 
Thus, Iris spent an hour later to explain their current situation, including what Lu had done, which caused them to be here. They lycan literally moved all the forces to the enemy’s gate without any plan, aside from taking them down by fighting them off. 
That was very typical of Lu. 
"Do you think I have done the right thing?" Iris asked his opinion, because she was worried, she ruined his plane and read his intention wrongly. She wanted to help, not to add more problem into his plate. 
"You have done an excellent job, love..." Cane said softly with his eyes closed, it seemed he was still half unconscious and was very generous with his endearment. 
Hearing that, Iris was very happy. Ethan and Aliana also the other people had said that what she had done was wonderful, it was beyond their expectation, but it was different when the word came from Cane’s mouth. 
"What are you going to do now?" Iris lifted her to stare at the window from the carriage, the sky had turned dark and the shield around Winter Moon pack had not yet lifted. She still could feel the dark magic that surrounded it. 
"I am going to sleep," Cane replied. 
"Oh..." 
It didn’t take long before Iris could hear Cane’s soft snore near her ear, it was ticklish, thus she slightly moved her body, but he tightened his arms around her waist unconsciously, as if he was not willing for her to be away from him. 
The alpha could be very clingy sometime. 
Meanwhile, as Cane was sleeping, Iris stared at her two tiny lights. She was mesmerized by how her lights had started to have a shape. They were no longer looked like two dots... 
She felt like she could stare at them for day and night without being tired. 
It was only later in the morning when they heard a knock from outside of the carriage, Cane and Iris woke up. The two of them slept very peacefully, they even skipped their dinner. 
"Luna Iris," Aliana called her from outside of the carriage. "Please, come out for a while, there is something I want to discuss with you." 
Since all of them knew it was the lycan that had been occupying Cane’s body, thus they didn’t even bother to ask for him. Everything had been handled and reported to Iris all this time. 
"I will go out," Cane said when Iris was about to get off the makeshift bed. "Stay here, I will get you something to eat." 
Cane then took a cloak and combed his hair recklessly with his fingers before he got off the carriage to meet with Aliana. 
"Ah, can I see luna Iris?" Aliana asked, she still did not notice it yet. 
"It’s okay, Aliana, you can talk to me." Cane still looked sleepy and tired, coupled with how messy he was after sleeping so long, it didn’t look like him at all, especially when he became more approachable. 
"Yes?" Aliana frowned, she tilted her head and then saw Cane’s black eyes. The alpha leaned his back against the carriage with his arms crossed in front of his chest. "Al- alpha? Is that you?" 
They had built a campsite, but Lu insisted he wanted to sleep inside the carriage, because the makeshift bed was smaller and he got to hold Iris more comfortable. 
"What do you want to report?" 
This was Cane’s straightforwardness that Aliana was very familiar with. She couldn’t help, but felt the excitement and relief at the same time to finally have the alpha back. 
"The report?" Cane repeated his question again when Aliana didn’t immediately talk. 
"Oh, right!" Aliana was too happy to get the alpha here. "Sir Lou reported that he spotted three ships at the Chrystal Moon pack, they are not the merchant ships and after some investigation, he was certain the ships came from Holy Kingdom. He asked whether the elders said anything about another reinforcement from Andelus Continent." 
Lou asked Aliana to relay this message to Iris because he didn’t want to meet with Lu again. Going out with the lycan once was more than enough of a lifetime experience. He didn’t want to be near the lycan until Cane returned. 
The time when he woke up and saw Lu inside the carriage still gave him goosebump. 
"Ships from Andelus Continent?" Cane frowned. He thought about it for a while and then asked different topic. "What about the shield around the Winter Moon pack?" 
Aliana lowered her voice when she told him about this. "It seems the elders have been very frustrated because no matter what they did, the shield didn’t even crack. The three elders even tried it themselves, but there was no change at all, currently elder Rose is talking with Serafim Abby." 
Cane asked a few more thing to Aliana before he asked her to bring Ethan, Jace and Redmond to him, also breakfast for his mate. 
"Yes, alpha." Aliana then left and Cane entered the carriage. 
When he was inside, he noticed it again. He thought, he only imagined thing because he was not really sober when the first time he managed to get his consciousness back, but now he was sure about it. 
"Your scent is slightly different..." Cane pulled Iris closer, as he sniffed her neck. The change was very subtle, even Ethan or Aliana, who used to be with her wouldn’t have noticed it, but Cane was very familiar with every inch of his mate’s body, especially her scent. He used to sleep by breathing in it... 
"How is it different?" Iris didn’t know whether her scent was different or not, but she didn’t really need to know the answer of that. 
Cane frowned, he breathed in and his warm breath tickled her skin. His brows creased, as if he was thinking deeply. He had the answer in his mind, but he didn’t think that was right. It definitely couldn’t be right... 
However, something finally clicked in his mind after he thought about it thoroughly. 
"No way..." 
==================================== 
It’s not like what Aliana assumed Elder Rose was discussing when she met with Abby in her tent, she actually talked about different thing completely. 
"There is no way for you to go back now," Elder Rose said with a mix of sorrow and disdain. She stared at Abby’s stomach, which made her very uncomfortable. "You have to give birth to that child now the elders had learned about it." 
Abby gritted her teeth, she picked on her nails again under her sleeves, her eyes were slightly red because she held back her tears. 
Elder Rose had been talking about hurtful thing to her and she thought by didn’t say anything, she would leave immediately, but from the look of it, her own mother was very determined to shame her thoroughly. 
"What is wrong with that?" Abby finally asked, her voice was shaking because of how angry she was right now. "What is wrong to have this baby?" 
"You are going to resent it. You are pregnant in the wrong time and with the wrong person. The baby shouldn’t be born." 
"No." Abby was very firm with her answer. "I am not going to resent my child. I am going to love the baby. Just because you chose to hate me, it doesn’t me I will do the same to my child. I am going to give the love that I never got from you to my baby, because that’s what a mother should do."
###Chapter 870: AND THE MIRACLE HAPPENED
Chapter 870: AND THE MIRACLE HAPPENED
"You resent me because I was born when you are done with motherhood and wanted to focus on yourself, that’s why you chose to hate me. You thought I was the cause of your suffering." Abby had thought about it for a while. "But, Elder Rose, do you know what? You are not the only one, who is able to resent someone." 
Elder Rose was surprised to see Abby stood up for herself when she used to be very quiet and was not a confrontational person. She thought, she knew her well, but as it turned out, that shy girl had long gone... 
"Growing up with your hatred made me hated you too." Abby stood up and looked down at elder Rose. "I choose to give birth to this baby and I choose to love my child no matter what. I may not be a good mother, but one thing I know is; I don’t want in the future, my child will think of me the way I think of you." 
"How dare you talking to me like that?" Elder Rose stood up as well. She looked intimidating and usually Abby would lower her head to avoid her sharp gaze, but no this time. She held her gaze. "I am your mother! How dare you to talk to me like that?!" 
"My mother?" Abby didn’t hide her disdain toward Elder Rose. "Don’t flutter yourself by saying that. Don’t claim something that you are not. You are not my mother, you are Elder Rose and you make sure I always remember that." 
Abby walked toward the curtain that served as the door to the tent, she held it, as a gesture for Elder Rose to leave her tent. 
"In the past I always wondered why you hated me so much." Abby watched Elder Rose approached her. "Was it because I was not good? was it because I was not up to your expectation? Even now I can’t understand why. Now I will be a mother, I can’t imagine myself to hate my own child. That’s so cruel. The way you have been treating me all this time was very cruel. I don’t deserve that." 
"No, you don’t." To Abby’s surprise, Elder Rose agreed with her. "You don’t deserve the hatred. But, one thing that you failed to know. Hatred is not a singular emotion, it can be an extension of something else." 
And with that was being said, Elder Rose walked out of the tent, leaving Abby with the turmoil in her heart. 
What Elder Rose said was right. Hatred was not a singular emotion. You could hate something or someone because of an indirect cause. Hatred was not something solid, it could vanish and change its shape and course. Or even extended... 
Jealousy and resentment were part of hatred too and Iris was a perfect example of an extended hatred. How people in the Howling Wolf pack misdirected their hatred toward her. 
But right now, after a ton of turmoil that she had to go through, she found a way to make peace with it and when she gave up on them to see her as part of them, she finally gained their respect with her own strength and the way she treated them. 
Because in the end of the day, Iris gave them no reason to hate her. And currently, she was making yet another miracle to happen.
"No way..." Cane breathed out, he straightened his back and all tiredness and exhaustion disappeared from his black eyes, as he stared at her intently. "This is not possible." 
But then, as the same time he said that, something clicked in his head and everything made sense now. She did that on purpose, every time they started it, she always touched him boldly. 
Cane didn’t think much about that, he only thought she had another penchant for trying something new and wanting to explore more. 
"Cane..." Iris smiled at him, she could see from the corner of her eyes one of the lights was more active than the other. They were the size of peas now. 
"You have been doing something to me," Cane asked impassively, his grip on her shoulders tightened, as he waited for her to explain herself. 
"I didn’t think I will be able to do it," Iris said sheepishly when she explained why she didn’t tell him in the first place. She didn’t want him to be disappointed if she failed, more so, she was not confidence that she could heal him. 
Even if she did manage to heal him, she didn’t think it would happen so soon. At the very least, it would take months, if it was not years. 
Therefore, this came as a surprise for Iris too when her trial obviously succeeded. She wanted to tell Cane about it once she was already sure with these two lights that stayed with her the whole time, but Cane had been gone for a while and Lu was very clueless about this thing, after all she was still in early stage of pregnancy and the lycan didn’t have any idea about the whole pregnancy thing. 
More so, Iris assumed her scent changed as the baby grew in her stomach, she could see the shape of her little lights changed. 
"Cane, I think we will have another twin! This time I am sure they are shifters!" Iris had tears in her eyes when she announced this. 
She expected Cane to kiss her or even hug her, though he wouldn’t literally jump in happiness or even screamed to let other people knew that he would be a father again, but Iris didn’t expect this reaction from Cane. 
He froze in place. His eyes were on her, but her mind was definitely miles away. He even let her go, which made Iris alerted. 
"Cane?" The smile on her face fell when Cane moved away from her. "Cane, where are you going?" And the alpha got out of the carriage, leaving her alone there. 
Iris was confused with Cane’s reaction, she didn’t expect this at all. What happened? Wasn’t he happy? Why he just walked away like that? 
Iris felt her chest tightened and she subconsciously touched her stomach, while staring at her lights. "It’s okay, your father must be very happy, he only needs some time to calm down and process everything. It’s fine babies..." 
The lights twirled around her finger when she raised her hand to touch them. 
Thankfully, Cane returned not long after, but he came with Grace. His expression was still devoid from any emotions, but his eyes were slightly darker than usual, he became even more taciturn now. 
"What happened, luna? Are you hurt?" Grace immediately approached Iris because the alpha had come to find her with such foul mood, she thought something so bad might happen on Iris. She even didn’t have time to recover from the surprise that the alpha finally returned after such a long time. "Are you in pain somewhere?" 
The carriage was spacious enough to accommodate five people, thus three people inside still left so much room for them to move. 
"Check on her," Cane said, no, he was actually growling at the healer, which made Grace gulped down nervously. 
What actually happened here? Grace was sure the last time she saw Iris, the luna was perfectly fine, but needless to say, she did what the alpha told her to do and immediately run a thorough check on Iris. 
At first, Iris was sad because Cane reacted coldly, but now when she saw he returned with Grace, her heart became so warm. 
See? Your father was only worried about you... 
Iris cooperated and let Grace did her job. She watched the healer expression when the realization finally hit her. She was in disbelieve, just like Cane earlier. 
"No way..." Grace gulped down, her hands were trembling and she checked on Iris more thoroughly now. It was unknown how many times Grace repeated the process just to be sure. "Luna... heaven! Is this really possible?" 
"What is it?" Cane didn’t need the answer, he already knew what it would be from the look on Grace’s face, but he needed the confirmation to make things more real. 
"Alpha..." Grace turned her head and looked at Cane with tears in her eyes. "Congratulation! The luna is pregnant!" she was thrilled to announce this. She didn’t think she would have this moment ever again after Iris’s last pregnancy, because it was already very difficult for them to conceive. 
Even more without the potion because they couldn’t afford to find water magic stone. 
"Alpha, congratulation! You will be a father!" Grace said heartily, she felt like she was going to cry, so did Iris. 
She looked at her mate, but her heart lurched when Cane’s expression didn’t change at all. Was he still in shock? Was he still in denial? 
"Understood." Cane nodded after some time. "You can leave now. Don’t tell anyone about this." 
"Yes, alpha!" Grace didn’t think much about Cane’s request, after all this news was very confidential and it was the alpha and the luna prerogative to tell people, who they deemed trustworthy. 
After what they had gone through with Chrystal and Rora, of course, they would be extremely careful with this one. 
After all, this was a miracle that no one thought would happen in this chaotic situation. 
That was what Iris thought too. 
However, once Grace was out of the carriage and it was only the two of them, Iris felt like thunder struck her when Cane spoke. 
"We can’t afford to have the baby." 
"What do you mean?"
###Chapter 871: FEAR
Chapter 871: FEAR
Cane remembered very clearly the time Iris gave birth to their twin daughters, the smell of blood that was thick in the air, the warmth body of their dead little baby, how her lips had turned purple and they didn’t even have a chance to hear her crying. The heaviness in his arms when he had to carry their dead daughters. The moment she buried them. 
Everything... 
The emotions came flooding back and this time it hit Cane thousand folds harder, as he remembered how Iris had suffered through the lost of their babies. The emptiness in her eyes. The way she said she hated him. How much tears that she shed when she lost them. How they hearts were bleeding, the pain that they had never imagined. The anger, the cries, the loneliness and the helplessness... 
Those feelings and moment still engraved in Cane’s mind and he would never forget it. There was no way he would be able to forget it. 
How his sadness turned into anger. He was angry at everything, but mostly to himself. 
"We can’t afford to have the baby now." Cane was firm with this decision. The moment Grace confirmed Iris’s pregnancy. He knew this would be a hard conversation he would have with her. But, Cane determined not to have them. 
It broke him, but then they would break even more if something happened. Hope was a cruel thing and the price for it was too high. 
"We are not in the situation to have the baby." Cane gritted his teeth. He rarely showed his emotions, but he was on the verge of having an outburst right now. His veins bulged, showing how much control he needed to keep talking with Iris calmly. "We need to let the baby go." 
Iris was mortified. Among all the reaction she thought Cane would have, never once she imagined he would outright reject their babies. He literally said it to her face that he wanted her to get rid of their children. "No." 
Instinctively, Iris placed her arms around her belly, as if she was protecting her babies. 
"Why did you do that without consulting it with me? This is my body, you should know better to ask for my permission to do something to me!" 
This must be the first time for Cane to raise his voice against her after they were being honest with their feelings and this startled her, which made Cane came to his sense and reign his anger the best he could. Still, he couldn’t. 
"I am very angry with you, Iris," he said that through his gritted teeth. "We will talk about this later." 
After saying that, Cane got off the carriage. He couldn’t stand Iris right now, most importantly, he needed space to think about the whole things thoroughly. 
He was mad at himself for losing it, the sight of Iris when she startled at his outburst bothered him so much. He regretted for raising his voice and scared her, but didn’t for the context of what he said. 
They really couldn’t afford a child right now! 
Cane shifted into his beast after he told Aliana to bring the food to the carriage for Iris and then stormed off. 
"What happened with him?" Ethan approached Aliana. He could see Cane was not in the right mood. "You said Cane has returned? Why he acted like a ferocious beast? Is there another soul inside him?" 
Aliana noticed that too. The alpha was fine this morning, but what the cause of his sudden anger? 
"I think something happened between him and the luna." Aliana best guess was the alpha was having an argumentation with the luna, because no one could affect him so much aside from his own mate. 
"I am going with you," Ethan said. He took the tray from Aliana’s hands and carried it. The two of them went to the carriage. Aliana knocked, but there was no respond from inside. "Why don’t you open it? Cane is not inside, we will not get a shocking scenery." 
Aliana rolled her eyes at his comment and then opened the door to the carriage only to find Iris was crying inconsolably. 
"Luna? What happened?!" Aliana and Ethan immediately rushed inside and closed the door, so no one would hear them. "Why are you crying?" 
Because the alpha was finally here, they thought it would be a great day, as they could breathe a sigh of relief, but why would Iris cry? Shouldn’t she be very happy? Even when she didn’t say it, people could tell how much she missed Cane. 
"Aliana, what should I do?" Iris asked between her tears, she hugged Aliana tightly and cried. Cane’s rejection for their children hurt her so much. It felt like he hated her and their babies. "What should I do?" 
She didn’t mean to be pregnant right now. She didn’t have the intention. She didn’t think it would work, even if it did, in her mind it would take months if it was not years for her to be able to heal him. By that time, she hoped everything would be more stable. 
She understood why Cane didn’t want the baby to some extent, they were in the middle of a war and a lot of things could go wrong. No need for the additional babies on the way, they were already having a hard time to keep their life together, but she had never thought of how strong his reaction could be. The rejection was like a knife in her heart. 
Aliana hugged her tightly, while Ethan patted her back, in hope this gesture could alleviate a little bit of her grievances. They didn’t know what the reason, but it must have something to do with the alpha. 
"Aliana... what should I do?" Iris felt so bad because she made Cane very upset, but she felt even worst to think he didn’t want their babies. She saw them, she saw her babies, their wolf spirits had been with her for the past few weeks. 
It almost felt like she already saw her baby even though she was not showing yet and for Cane to say they should get rid of them, it was simply too cruel. In Iris’s eyes, the babies were not something they talked about, as if they didn’t exist just because they had not yet seen the sign of their existence. 
But for Iris it was different. She saw their presence. Her two little lights. It would kill her if she had to do something harmful to them. 
"What happened, luna?" Aliana asked when Iris was slightly calm down. Ethan was still there with them too, he wanted to go and find Cane, but seeing how the alpha earlier, he didn’t think it would be a good idea. 
"I am pregnant..." Iris said in small voice and the two of them were too stunned to speak. 
"You... what?" Ethan was the first one to react. He blinked his eyes in disbelieve with what he heard. "How?" he shook his head, that question didn’t sound right. "I meant... as far as I know, you need Grace’s concoction..." They got their twins in that way after all and that was what Ethan had learned. 
And Iris told them what she had told Cane about how she secretly tried to heal him. She didn’t think it would work, at least not in such short time. 
"Wow... I am too speechless to speak..." Ethan’s jaw dropped. "I am curious now, is there anything you can’t heal?" The gamma was genuine with his question. 
Before the water magic stone, Grace almost gave up, she even said the chance was very slight for Cane to father a child, but then a miracle happened. 
"Now I wonder if it was really the water magic stone that helped you to get pregnant with the twin or it’s actually you, who had healed him and Grace’s concoction only helped you to gain more strength to do so. You often fell sick in the past after all," Ethan talked to no one in particular. 
And this became their big question too. 
"You are very powerful, luna," Aliana said, she agreed with Ethan. 
"Cane didn’t want the babies..." Iris felt very bitter. She tried not to cry when she said that, but it was so painful to see the look on Cane’s eyes. 
"He must be very shocked," Ethan said and then chose his words carefully. "You can say he had given up to be a father when you both lost the twins." Ethan caressed Iris’s head. "He was very scared of losing you again, Iris. Right now, with our current situation, something could go completely wrong and harm the baby. I don’t think he could handle even the thought of it." 
Aliana nodded. She felt sad every time she remembered how the alpha stared at the door with emptiness in her eyes, where his dead daughter laid on her crib with cold body. 
"The alpha was devastated when Chrystal was a stillborn and Rora’s death destroyed him completely." Aliana wiped tears from Iris’s eyes. "It’s only you, who kept his mind still sane and his heavy responsibility." Aliana smiled softly at the luna. "Don’t worry, the alpha will come around eventually." 
"Right, just give him some time," Ethan chimed in. 
Iris bit her lips, she glanced at her little lights. "I can see the babies’ wolf spirits..." 
"Babies?" Ethan raised his brows, he just noticed it now. "Are you going to have twins again?!" 
But, Cane didn’t come, even when the night fell.
###Chapter 872: THE RIFT BETWEEN THEM
Chapter 872: THE RIFT BETWEEN THEM
The fear she held in her heart spread around like a disease, burning every part of her and the past traumas crept in to destroy everything you she had built. 
Iris felt sick. She was fine all this time and it could be said she didn’t have morning sickness, neither she was having trouble to eat, but right now, everything was hurt. 
It was a misery when you have to feel the winter again after embracing the warmth of the summer. It was tragic when you felt you have known everything about your mate and even walked in their shoes, thinking that you would become strong together, only to be thrown back to zero. 
Iris felt so weak and she kept throwing up. She thought she grew stronger, but Cane’s rejection hurt her so much, even though she understood with his reaction, but with him not come to see her for two days straight, it was simply cruel. 
Ethan and Aliana would come to inform her what the alpha was up to and what he was doing right now, but Iris didn’t want to hear what he was doing from other people, she used to Cane, who told her everything. He used to tell her what his next move, that was why she could keep them in the right direction in his absence. 
It was only two days, but it felt like eternity. A second past very slow. 
"Luna, don’t think too much about this, you will hurt yourself," Aliana said, she wiped her mouth and helped her to lay down on the bed again after she kept throwing up this whole morning. It was the third day since the day Iris told them about her pregnancy. 
Right now, aside from Grace, it was only Ethan and Aliana, who was told about this pregnancy. 
Iris curled herself inside the bed, she had not yet come out for days now and because the alpha was already here, thus no one would bother her about making decision on something, mostly they would ask why the luna was not around. The answer for that was; Iris was sick and she needed time to rest. It made sense and they would stop asking further. 
That was not wrong, but it was more than that. 
"Did he still refuse to see me?" Iris asked weakly. She wanted to go and see him, but Cane knew how to avoid her. More so, Ethan had been suggested for her to give him some space and he would be the one, who talked to him. 
It was not that Iris didn’t believe the gamma, but it had been three days and she knew how Cane was. No amount of persuasion would change his decision if he had decided on something. 
The only change here was; her five warriors littered around the carriage, Iris even could see Lil Thing and Zale often hang around with the five warriors from the window of the carriage. They could sense something was wrong, but they were not dare enough to poke their nose inside their alpha and their luna’s business. 
"It’s not that the alpha refused to see you, luna." Grace grimaced, she knew she had overused this excuse so much. "He will come around eventually. He still cares about you and you know how bad he was to express his feeling. Let him sort it out and he will come to see you." 
Iris closed her eyes, too tired to give any reaction. 
This feeling was bad. But not only for her, but for the entirety of the situation. Iris’s condition affected their situation in a way that they should have predicted. 
The magic users had used all of their magic stone, but drew zero result, even Elder Rose had exhausted herself by using all of her power to summon the Sylph, yet it still was not enough. 
"Somehow the shield around the pack became stronger." One of the magic users frowned when she said this, because that was what she felt. The magic around the protection not only did not break, but it grew stronger. 
"What happened? How could that possible?" Elder Dandolf looked restless, he rarely talked and showed emotions, but he had been very agitated because they were stuck in this situation. He kept glancing at Cane, but the alpha showed no interest. 
"This must be because Decratic has started to gather his power. That’s why the black magic around the protection also grows stronger." Elder Rose’s suggestion made sense and they believed that was the case. 
Right now, they were inside the big tent, where all the elders, a few magic users, Abby and Ethan and of course, Cane, gathered together to discuss this issue. 
Elder Xarex cleared his throat. "In this case, we need your luna. I am sure she can do something about this." He looked at Cane, voicing out what Elder Dandolf wanted to say, but he was rewarded with a sharp glare from the alpha. 
"Or maybe, the people from the Holy Kingdom are simply very weak." His statement caused more tension inside the tent. "I thought you take care of everything related to magic. If you couldn’t even handle this, what is the point of having the Holy Kingdom people here?" Cane’s tone was sharp, it left no room for discussion. His stand was very clear; Did not ever think to involve Iris in this matter. 
The way Cane said it and how he showed his stand was very clear, coupled with his intimidation nature, no one could refute him, he suppressed them in a way no one could, leaving them speechless. 
After some discussion, which ended up with the same result; trying harder and found a weak point of the protection, the meeting ended and Cane immediately stormed off. 
The alpha actually shifted into his beast and the poor gamma was having a hard time to follow him. In the end, he had to track him down to find him. 
Currently, Ethan was in an impossible mission to talk to him. He felt like Cane was considering the option to kill him every time he opened his mouth, but what to do? He had to, he had promised Iris. 
This time too, Cane was standing on the edge of the cliff, staring at the distance. It was a mystery what was in his mind. 
"Cane..." Ethan started. He kept a distance away from him, just in case the alpha lost his patient and decided to throw him off the cliff. Why the hell he chose this scary place?! 
"How is she?" Cane asked. 
Ethan perked up. This was the first time Cane asked about Iris, because usually he would cut him off and ask about different thing. To be fair, there were a lot of things to be handled and tasks to be done. 
Therefore, Ethan didn’t let this chance to go away, he immediately utilized his story telling skills to next level. In another occasion, he would have been proud of himself. 
"... even in her current condition, she has been asking about you a lot and worried about you. She has been crying, until she lost her voice and throwing up, she couldn’t even drink a drop of water. If she is not sleeping, she will call your name, even when she is sleeping, she will call your name in her sleep." His words were dramatic and his tone even more so. 
If Iris heard this, she might be the one, who threw him off the cliff. 
Cane turned around and narrowed his eyes at his gamma. "Were you there when she was sleeping?" 
"Huh?" 
"How did you know what she was doing in her sleep." 
Crap. 
"Of course not!" Ethan raised both of his hands and took a step back. He was ready to flee if Cane came closer. "Aliana! Aliana told me that!" 
No. Aliana did not tell him that. 
Ethan then took a deep breath. His voice was serious, but gentle at the same time when he spoke again. "She could see your children wolf spirits, Cane. It must be difficult for her. Even if she agreed to it, do you think she can handle the aftermath?" Ethan asked the same thing that had plagued Cane’s mind. 
No. Iris couldn’t. Cane was sure. That was why it made things extremely difficult. 
"For you... for us, who didn’t even see any sign of her pregnancy, it might be as easy as forgetting one event, since the evidence of her being pregnant still couldn’t be seen. There was no trace." It almost like a case where it was ’out of sight out of mind’ situation. "But it is different for her. I am not sure what she had seen, but to be able to see your own babies’ wolf spirits must be a big deal for her. She must feel like she killed her actual babies." 
Twins. Iris was pregnant with twins again. 
The silence in this cliff was deafening when it was only the howling that filled the gap. 
"Where are you going?" Ethan asked when Cane once again shifted into his beast and went away. "Now I missed Lu..." he grumbled. He was sure the lycan would be overjoyed with the news of Iris’s pregnancy. 
Cane still didn’t return to their carriage later that night. 
On the fourth day, Aliana didn’t come, but there were two people, who attended to Iris and she woke up to see familiar faces in front of her. 
"Hanna? Amee?" Iris was surprised to see them here. "How can you be here?" 
It would take days to travel here...
###Chapter 873: YOU ARE GOING TO LOSE THEM
Chapter 873: YOU ARE GOING TO LOSE THEM
"It’s the alpha, who sent us here, miss..." Hanna said, as she helped Iris to sit down, she looked pale and in one glance you could tell life had not been so kind to her currently. "He didn’t say anything, only told us to look after you." 
Obviously, Cane didn’t tell them about Iris’s pregnancy, which left her with the option. 
"Luna, what happened? Are you sick?" Amee asked. She knew Cane well enough to tell something was wrong between them two, but unless one of them said something, she didn’t want to poke her nose into their problem too deep. 
But, instead of saying something, Iris burst into tears. She hugged Hanna tightly. She looked for comfort that she couldn’t get from Cane, but still, he was the only one she wanted. The only one her heart needed. 
Outside of the carriage, the five warriors couldn’t tell what was going on inside, they also didn’t have any idea what went wrong when the alpha was finally here instead of the lycan.
But the five of them could tell their alpha and their luna was currently having a fight. Therefore, it was very frustrating when they caught their alpha stayed in the distance, sometime he would stare at the carriage for hours, but didn’t approach the luna, because in the end, he would always leave. 
Just like what the alpha was doing right now. 
"Should you go and tell the alpha to solve whatever problem he has with the luna? She has not been out for days now," Otis said to Zephyr. 
"Why don’t you the one, who go there and tell him that?" Zephyr replied. 
"He is going to kill me, can’t you feel his dark aura?" Otis shuddered. "I feel chill is running down my spine every time the alpha is like this." He nudged Eron. "Why don’t you go there and say something to the alpha?" 
"It’s generous of you to think that the alpha will not kill me," Eron grunted. Their alpha was the best, but they missed their warm- hearted luna too. 
In the end, no one of them were dare enough to say anything, while Amee and Hanna stayed inside the carriage for hours. It was only night came when Amee finally got out of the carriage and asked for the alpha. 
"I am not sure, where he is," Zephyr replied truthfully. 
"We are not allowed to leave this spot. We have been camped here for days." Otis stretched out his body. They had prepared a tent for the luna and the alpha and they had not yet used it. 
"Maybe you can ask Ethan, the gamma has been following the alpha," Dyne suggested. "Or look for Aliana if you couldn’t find gamma Ethan." 
Amee nodded and thanked them, but before she left, Eron approached her to talk. 
"Can you talk to the alpha? He has not seen the luna for days and only stared at the carriage all this time. I don’t know what the problem between them, but it worried us to see them fighting like this." Eron had not yet seen the luna, but he knew her situation wouldn’t be so great. "I can see the alpha cares for the luna, or else, he wouldn’t station us here and call you and Hanna to come to comfort the luna, but I think the only person the luna needed the most is him." 
Amee patted Eron’s shoulder. "Let’s see what I can do." 
After that, she went to find Ethan, but she couldn’t, thus she looked for Aliana. She was talking to Jace about something, but when she saw Amee, she immediately approached her. 
She was old already and standing up for long hurt her back, thus Aliana took her inside her tent and served her with warm tea. 
"Can you tell me what happened with Cane?" Amee asked. 
"Did... the luna said something to you?" Aliana wanted to know how much she knew. She didn’t want to be the one, who told the news because it was not her place. 
"Yes, she is pregnant," Amee replied. She was very excited with this pregnancy, but she didn’t think Cane’s reaction would be like this, even for her, it came as a shock about how strong Cane’s rejection was. 
Wasn’t this what he always wanted? 
Aliana sighed deeply and then told her everything that happened. It made things easier because the luna actually had told her about the big news. 
"Alpha shouldn’t have treated the luna like this. This is very hard on her, it took toll on her and I am worried about her babies." Aliana frowned. 
Grace would come often to check on Iris’s condition, but there was not much she could do because the illness didn’t lay in her body, but in her mind and heart. 
"Don’t you think it’s cruel for him to not talk about this with the luna? Instead, he has been running away from the problem." Aliana wouldn’t have said this in front of Ethan, but Amee was different, she was like the mother of the pack. She cared for all the member and especially the alpha. 
"Just because he didn’t show it, it doesn’t mean he is fine. He is torturing himself too right now." Amee sipped her tea. "I don’t think he is running away. He didn’t even know where to run..." 
Aliana was silent for a moment. "I still don’t think it’s right for the alpha to ignore the luna." 
"If you thought about it again, Hanna and I wouldn’t be here if he ignored the luna, neither the five warriors wouldn’t have been stationed outside of the carriage for day and night." Amee stood up. She needed to look for Cane. "As much as the luna needed him, the alpha also needed time to process his grief." 
"The luna is grieving too." 
"Don’t judge other people’s grief. Everyone grieves differently." Just because Cane didn’t show it, it didn’t mean his grief was not as deep as Iris. "I can understand with the alpha’s reaction and his poor choice to keep his distance from the luna, but he deserved some time to think everything thoroughly and sort out his emotions, least he hurt her with what he said in a fit of his desperation. Not being there with her doesn’t mean he cares about her any less." 
Amee tightened the cloak around her body and Aliana also stood up. She would accompany her to find the alpha. 
"I can understand why the luna is scared too, she has been rejected by so many people in her entire life, thus being rejected by the alpha must be the hardest for her." 
Aliana sighed deeply. "There is no win win solution for this..." 
Both of them couldn’t find Cane after asking around. They said the alpha shifted into his beast and went away without telling them where he had gone. 
However, they found Ethan. 
"The alpha must be with Lou, the two of them went to Chrystal Moon pack to investigate something." Ethan couldn’t disclose what they were investigating, but they didn’t need to know about this. "If you want to meet with him, I think it will be alright for you to wait for him inside his tent. Usually, Cane will return to his tent to change his clothes after his journey with Lou." 
With that, Amee went to Cane’s tent and wait for him. It took her hours for Cane to finally return and the alpha didn’t look surprise to see her there. He had sensed her scent once he was close enough to the tent. 
It was already past midnight, almost morning when Cane comeback. 
"Alpha." Amee stood up to greet him. 
"Not now, Amee." Cane went to change his clothes. It was not sure what kind of place he and Lou visited, but he always had dirt on him when he returned. 
"Alpha, I have heard what happened." Amee didn’t back down, at the very least, he had to listen to what she was going to say, or the very least, he needed to let out whatever thing he was trying to hold back. "I know you are hurt, but you are hurting her too." 
"I said not now, Amee." Cane took off his clothes and changed it with new one. 
With this attitude, Amee didn’t have another option, she toughened up and talked sternly to him. "Cane, you are afraid of losing yet another baby again, that’s why you didn’t even want to think that you have a chance to have them, but you can’t act like this forever." 
Cane turned around and growled dangerously at Amee. "I don’t want a child! You have seen it yourself how she went into a pitfire when we lost our babies! I am not going to go through that again!" 
"Are you going to force her to get rid of the babies?" Amee stood her ground. She knew Cane well and she needed him to get it out of his system, since he had been holding back so much. Let him scream and be angry if it could help him to clear his mind. "Didn’t it make you the one, who pushed her into pitfire then?" 
"If it’s not now, the baby will be killed then." His voice was filled with resentment. 
"You don’t know the future, Cane. How can you assume you are going to lose them? It is your fear speaking. You may not lose them again, no one knew the future, but I am sure, you are going to lose your mate and your babies if you kept doing this to her."
###Chapter 874: PAIN IN HIS VOICE
Chapter 874: PAIN IN HIS VOICE
Amee watched how her words shattered his world and she felt bad to be so harsh on him. Cane was always having a hard time to express his feeling ever since he was little and the slavery only worsened it when he thought it was his responsibility for every death of their pack member. 
And now, when he thought he could find happiness, he was faced with the death of his two daughters. No word would be able to explain the pain of burying your own flesh and blood, and Cane had to go through that not only once... 
Part of him must have died that day. 
Not only he didn’t have time to grieve properly, but he also had to witness Iris was on the verge of insanity. 
Still, he didn’t say a word about his grievances and now, when he thought everything would go to the direction he intended, a variable that he didn’t expect, happened. It brought back everything he tried to suppress and his unfinished grieving... 
Cane processed everything alone and if he kept this up, not only he was going to lose Iris and their babies, but he would also lose himself eventually. 
Amee approached him and used his silent to speak again, this time her voice softened up a little bit. 
"Cane, when we were in the slavery with so many deaths surrounded us and when there was only misery, you did the imaginable thing and took us out of the darkness. If there was hope, you are the hope we have." Amee stood in front of Cane, her eyes were gentle, like a mother. "We were thriving during those time because of you, because we have our faith in you. You did what they believed you couldn’t do. Miracle happened, Cane. We don’t know the future. 
This time, why don’t you put your faith in your mate? She has endured adversity as much as we are. She was thriving just like us. She is not as weak as you think she is and together you can make miracle happened again." 
"I can’t lose another child, Amee." Cane gritted out his words. 
"Rather than thinking of losing yet another child when it has not happened yet, why don’t you think of how to protect them better? Your mate and your babies." Amee stretched out her hand and patted his shoulder. "You wasted your energy on worrying the wrong thing, Cane and by doing so, you hurt your mate also yourself in the process for something that you can avoid." 
Cane took a step back and then sat down on a chair. He looked very exhausted now. He was worn off, as if he couldn’t fight anymore. He was defeated. "I bring her nothing, but pain, Amee." 
"We are all in pain, Cane, but you must be so blind if you couldn’t see how her eyes lit up every time she saw you, or how desperate she wanted to make you happy, you are not a fool. You must know everything she had done to prove how much she loves you." 
Amee knelt down in front of Cane and looked at him in the eyes. 
"Tell me, have she ever said that she loved you?" 
"She did." 
Iris was the first one, who said that. 
"Do you think she lied to you when she said that?" Cane didn’t answer her question, but his silence was an answer that Amee was looking for. "Cane, love grows not only from pain. If you only brought pain on her, she couldn’t possibly love you and she will not be in pain right now." 
Amee took both Cane’s hands like when he was a child and was at lost of what to do. Right now, Cane was in that same situation. He was at lost. He didn’t know where to navigate his feeling. 
"You have taken enough time and she is waiting for you." 
"I have lost three children, Amee. I don’t think I can handle it if I have to lose another child. If I have to bury my own child again, I would rather be buried with them as well. And Iris..." He didn’t continue. 
"Have faith in your mate, Cane." Amee smiled at him. "Rather than thinking of burying them, why don’t you think of raising them? We don’t know the future, let’s not get ahead of ourselves." 
Cane leaned his head against Amee’s shoulder. He closed his eyes and let her words sunk in. 
"It has been so hard, Amee." 
"I know, alpha. I know life has been so cruel to you." Amee patted his shoulder. "But, you are very strong and together, you will grow stronger." 
After that, Amee stayed with him until the morning came and when eventually she left, Cane still sat on the same chair. He didn’t do anything, only sat there when he received the report from Ethan and Jace. 
In the afternoon, Lou came. There was this portal where Lou emerged inside of Cane’s tent. He looked like he was going to pass out. 
"Damn it, Cane! I almost got killed!" Lou grumbled, he sat down on the chair across from him. "What with that frown? I said I almost got killed!" 
"Congratulation for being able to escape." Cane didn’t have the energy to keep up with his nagging. 
A stream of curses came out of his mouth. "Who is this guy named Rei? The protection around him was insane. Those magic users must be top tier!" 
"Someone, who has eyes on Iris," Cane replied and this upset Lou. 
"What? What he is going to do with her?" Lou straightened his back and waited for Cane’s explanation. 
"He is going to kidnap her and take her away from this continent." 
"And he is from Andelus continent?" 
Cane narrowed his eyes, thinking quickly whether or not to divulge this information to this merchant, but in the end, he let him aware of the situation. 
"To be precise, he is from Holy Kingdom. He belongs to the pure faction." 
"And what’s the deal with this pure faction?" There was a flicker of annoyance and anger in Lou’s eyes. 
Cane then proceeded to tell him everything he knew about Rei, including the time when Iris met with him for the first time and what happened in the Goffa mountain when the king died. He explained everything precisely and briefly. 
"Damn it!" Lou cursed and then stood up to go to rummage Cane’s clothes, but the alpha actually didn’t care about it, he let him do what he pleased. "You should have told me this information earlier! Why should I stalk on him like a creep?! You should have told me to kill him!" 
Lou stopped himself. The word he said earlier didn’t sound right. 
"No. I meant, I am going to kill him myself! I didn’t need to be told!" he finally found the error and corrected it. "I didn’t do this for you! I did it because I wanted to, no one could tell me what to do!" 
Cane didn’t give any response to his rambles and stare at Lou’s bare back when he took off his clothes. The birthmark was there. 
"I am going to rest and then deal with him later after I feel better!" 
Lou messed his clothes, looking for the color he liked but when he couldn’t find it, once again he cursed and took one in black color to change into and then go to Cane’s makeshift bed. 
"If you laid down there, you will lay down forever." 
Lou cursed again and then stormed off. He only wanted to sleep, okay!? Why the alpha was being so stingy with a bed!? 
The moment Lou had left, Cane asked someone to clean up his mess, but he himself didn’t move from the chair. He didn’t touch his food and only stared at the distance, giving the order here and there. 
Once again, the night fell, it was quiet, aside from occasional strange noise that came from the magic users, who were still trying to breakdown the protection. 
Finally when the midnight came, Cane stood up and walked out of the tent. He went straight to the carriage, where Iris had been staying for days. It had been a week, since the last time he saw her. 
"Alpha!" Eron was surprised to see Cane finally approached the luna. The other four warriors greeted him too, but the alpha ignored them, as he went into the carriage. 
Inside, Hanna was sleeping, but Cane’s presence was so strong, it woke her up. Groggily, she greeted the alpha, but Cane waved his hand to dismiss her. 
Hanna didn’t say anything anymore and hastily went out of the carriage. Her missy had been waiting for him and he was finally here. 
Once it was only the two of them, Cane sat down next to his mate. He didn’t need a close inspection to tell how much distress he had caused her. Even with her eyes closed, you could see how much her eyes were swollen. Her nose was still red from her cry. 
And then suddenly she startled, as if she just woken up from a nightmare. She gasped and curled her body, but then she noticed the person next to her was not Hanna, especially when she felt his hand touched her cheek to brush her curls away from her face. 
"C- Cane?" Her voice coarse. She didn’t believe her eyes. Was she still dreaming? Quickly, she grabbed his hand tightly, but Cane could feel how cold her hands were. 
"How much have I hurt you this time?" Pain in his voice.
###Chapter 875: SHIELDED LETTER
Chapter 875: SHIELDED LETTER
Iris had this strange dream, she saw Cane came to the carriage. His face looked very sad, it hurt her heart to see him was so crestfallen, as if the whole world had come crushing down on him. 
However, he questioned her about how much he had hurt her. Iris even could feel the pain in his voice when he asked that. She didn’t like it when he was in pain, but she was also hurt by his action. In the end, she could only hold onto him. 
She wished this dream would last a little bit longer. She really missed him... 
"How is she?" Cane asked darkly at Grace, who just finished checking on Iris. 
"Her fever has gone down," Grace said with relief. 
"What about... the baby." Cane clenched his jaw when he asked this. His eyes looked very sharper and darker. 
"The baby is fine," Grace replied. "I think it’s ’babies’, because the luna referred the baby as twins." 
Cane didn’t say anything and waved his hand to tell them all to leave the tent. Grace and Hanna immediately left, but Amee stayed for a while. She didn’t say much and only give Cane a hug after that, she too left the tent. 
Once it was only the two of them, Cane approached Iris on the bed and sat down silently. His elbows pressed on his thighs, as he had his head between his palms. He closed his eyes. 
Cane came into the carriage for the first time after their fight, two days ago, Iris was sleeping, but then she woke up and started crying. She didn’t say anything else aside begging him not to leave her, which crushed his heart to see how devastated she was. 
In the end, Cane cradled her to sleep, because she was too emotional and didn’t want to let him go. Only when she had fallen asleep, Cane took her to the tent and laid her down there, but in the morning, Iris caught a fever. 
She had not yet been sick for a while, aside from the sickness when they lost the babies, her health had improved significantly, but right now she was sick again, on top of that, she was pregnant. 
It had been two days... 
"Hey, it’s me!" Lou shouted from outside of the tent. "Whatever you are doing, stop it right now, I am going to enter in ten second!" He started to count backward. 
The merchant made a lewd remark because he just returned and heard Iris was inside Cane’s tent, it seemed the two of them had reconciled. And heaven knew what the two of them would be doing if they were left alone. He didn’t want to taint his eyes. 
"I am coming!" Lou announced and then he walked inside the tent to see this strange sight. "Oh, I thought you were doing something." He glanced at the sleeping Iris and lowered his voice. 
Cane lifted his head. When he thought his life couldn’t be harder, here came this merchant. At this point, he wondered if he brought more benefit or headache. 
"What did you get?" Cane stood up and drew a curtain that separate the bed area and the other part of the tent, not allowing Lou to stare at his mate, which pissed the merchant off. "Have you killed him?" 
"I told you that he was surrounded by strong magic users. I am flattered that you thought I could barge in and kill him." Lou poured a glass of water for himself and sat down. 
"I think too highly of you." Cane referred to the time where Lou was mad enough to swear that he would kill Rei. 
Hearing that, Lou clicked his tongue, but he didn’t say anything else and change the topic. "I think you are right, Rei is a black magic user. I investigate about this and found out some people from Chrystal Moon pack had gone missing." 
People died every day, thus missing one person or two, wouldn’t be a glaring issue in this continent, especially at time like this. 
Cane had expected that much. The fact Rei was still alive after five centuries was still a big question here, not to mention how he used black magic to preserve his life when he was the first Serafim’s protector. 
"I can’t believe this! The Holy Kingdom is dirtier than I thought. What they mean by punishing the black magic user when they have been sheltering one?! Their hypocrisy is unbeatable! I feel so ashamed for them!" Lou grumbled. 
"What else do you get?" Cane cut off his rambles. 
"Nothing much, currently he is moving to Bloody Wolf pack, if he kept his pace, he might reach here within a week." Lou stretched out his body. "He also exchanged letter with elder Dandolf. I happened to get one of his letter. But, damn! He shields the letter with strong magic, I exhausted my energy to open it." 
"Elder Dandolf?" He was the lowkey one among the other, but instead of Elder Xarex and Elder Rose, Cane paid close attention to him, since you couldn’t trust this type of person the most. Life taught you that much. "What the letter is about?" 
Lou fished out the letter from his pocket and threw it on the table for Cane to see. 
"You didn’t send it back again?" Cane narrowed his eyes. 
"I have touched the letter with magic and magic left trace, he will know if his letter had been interfered." Lou didn’t seem to care about it. 
"Can’t you erase the trace?" 
"Too complicated." In another word, Lou didn’t know how, but of course, he wouldn’t admit that. "Missing one letter or two will not be a big of deal, letters can be missing every day." 
There was this smirk curled on the corner of Lou’s lips when he watched Cane stretched out his hand to get the letter, but he retracted it immediately, as he watched his finger was burned the moment his skin made a contact with the letter. 
Lou burst out laughing. "I told you this letter contain with strong shield! I can read it because I used magic to counter it, but you actually wanted to touch it with barehand?" It had been a while, since he could ridicule Cane and it felt so good! 
Cane stared at the merchant with impassive expression. He didn’t say anything and the burning on his finger had subsided. 
"Come, don’t frowning, it’s just a joke! I will open it for you if you said; pleaseeee..." Lou cooed. He wouldn’t be this bold if it was Lu instead of Cane, because the lycan surely wouldn’t care much about a letter and just ended his life right there and then for actually ridiculing him like this. 
However, Lou had learned his value and Cane wouldn’t do him any harm. 
Yet, the merchant miscalculated it. Cane indeed didn’t know much about magic, but he had Lu’s ability, thus he used the black wisp to touch the letter and tear the cover to read it. 
The black wisp could neutralize magic, that was why, Lou couldn’t use his magic when he was being tied by it in the past. 
"That’s not fair!"
###Chapter 876: DON’T LEAVE ME
Chapter 876: DON’T LEAVE ME
Lou disliked Cane the most when he managed to one up him and this was a shitty feeling, but the alpha actually didn’t care much about what he felt. 
Currently, Cane was reading the letter and Lou tried to peek through the curtain to see Iris. "Is she sleeping? How long she has been sleeping? Can’t you wake her up for a while? It has been so long since the last time I met her." 
Lou didn’t have any idea that Iris was currently sick, neither he knew about her pregnancy. The only thing that he learned was Cane and Iris were having a fight, but was not aware of the detail. 
"Did she forgive you? How she can forgive you very easily?" Lou frowned. "She should be angry with you more. At least, kicking you around will be nice." 
Cane put down the letter and glared at the merchant. 
"What?" Lou glared back at him. "I only missed her. Is that bad?" 
"Go back to Chrystal Moon pack with Ethan and Redmond and let them prepared the warrior from the Blue Moon pack to march here in ten days, arrange the merchant to be ready to sail to Winter Moon pack in a month from now." Cane already had plan in mind. After all, this person named Rei was on his way here. He was a wretch if he let him came closer near Iris. These fucking elders... 
"Are you ordering me around?" Lou stood up, he looked unhappy. He just arrived and now he was being hurled back to Chrystal Moon pack, not to mention he had to bring those two with him. 
"Rei is coming here. Should I remind you what he can do? Unless you can face him and his speed, you can stay." 
The lizard was effective to send letter, but having Lou around was way more efficient, since they could travel in long distance only within a second. Right now, this merchant’s importance was on the same level like the lizard. 
Lou would definitely throw a tantrum if he learned about this. 
"I have not yet even met with Iris!" Lou became bolder now with his intention. 
"Why do you want to see my mate?" Cane crossed his arms. 
"Well, we are all close friends now, aren’t we? I don’t even know why I am doing these things for you. Don’t give me a bullshit about expanding my business to Andelus Continent, because at this point, I might lose my head first before I can do that." Lou should have listened to Sabian and stay away from this alpha. 
"Go now." That was the only reply Cane gave to Lou after his long rambling. 
Lou pursed his lips. Why he should go when he just returned? "So, you know how to break the protection shield around the Winter Moon pack? You asked the merchant to be ready to ship there after all." 
"I know." 
"You do?!" Lou widened his eyes. Even he himself as a magic user couldn’t figure out, how could a lycan, no, a shifter like him knew that?! "How!? Tell me how?!" 
Lou reached this point because he was curious with Iris, but right now when his curiosity was invested on this alpha. He really wanted to know how his mind worked. 
"Quiet, she is sleeping." 
Lou grunted, complaining like an old lady, but Cane didn’t budge. "I thought we are friend?!" 
"That’s only in your mind." 
Lou was speechless, he couldn’t believe Cane said something so mean like this. 
"What are you waiting for? Do you want to greet Rei when he reached this place?" Cane crossed his arms. 
In the end, Lou stomped out of the tent, leaving traces of curses behind him. He rushed back because he wanted to see Iris, but not only he couldn’t see her, but he also got new assignment. 
"Where is that red hair man and that annoying gamma?!" Lou shouted. He would drag them through the portal. 
Once Lou had left, the tent became quiet again and Cane went inside. Behind the curtain, his woman was resting peacefully, it seemed the ruckus that Lou caused didn’t bother her at all. 
Cane really wanted her to rest like this and didn’t need to be worried about anything, but then, he missed her. 
He laid down next to her and started to caress her cheek, feeling her fever had gone down, which was great. Because of the fever she had been delirious for the past two days and he couldn’t help, but blamed himself for her condition. 
"Please, be well. Don’t get sick." Cane had prayed the same thing before, but he did it again. He pulled Iris closer to him, careful enough not to press her stomach. 
Another twins. 
The next day, Cane was woken up when Iris moved her body, it seemed she was trying to get off the bed, but was trapped between Cane’s arms. 
"Where are you going?" Cane immediately sat down and was completely awake. 
"I want to vomit..." Iris replied, her little face contorted because she was trying to hold it back. "Move please..." Her voice was still slightly hoarse and her face was pale. 
Cane immediately got off the bed and took a basin for her, but Iris pushed it away. 
"I want to go out..." She didn’t want to vomit there. 
Cane didn’t reject, he immediately carried her out of the tent and took her behind a large tree, so she could do it more freely. 
"Don’t look..." Iris said weakly, but Cane was there, holding her hair. 
"I have seen this before." Cane reminded her that it was not the first time they were in this situation. More so, there was nothing that came out, but water, since she had not yet had solid food for days. 
Once Iris was done, Cane took her back to the tent, but not their tent, instead he took her to see Grace. 
"Luna!" Grace was surprised to see her, while Cane laid her down on the bed. The alpha was very quiet, but he took care of his mate attentively. 
"She just vomited," Cane informed Grace, as he wiped Iris’s lips with wet towel and let her drank warm water. 
"Let me check you." Grace immediately went to Iris and check on her. 
Meanwhile, Iris was still confused with this situation, her mind not yet worked properly, but she remembered that she and Cane had a fight and he ignored her for days. The fact he was here made her anxious. 
Iris kept her eyes on Cane’s movement and when he was about to move away to put the wet towel and get her more drink, Iris grabbed his hand as tight as her weak hand could. 
"Don’t leave..." Iris said weakly. She was very afraid Cane would leave her. She was afraid, he would abandon her.
"I am here." Cane put away the wet towel and knelt down beside the makeshift bed, holding her hand, while Grace examined her. 
"I will concoct a medicine for her." Grace immediately stood up. 
"Use this," Cane said, handed two water magic stones to Grace, at time like this, water magic stone was extremely difficult to get.
###Chapter 877: A HUGE RELIEF
Chapter 877: A HUGE RELIEF
Cane had been ’torturing’ Lou to get these two pieces of water magic stone and even though this was less than he expected, it was still useful to nurse Iris’s health. 
To get these two water magic stones Lou had exhausted all of his resources among the merchant, since after the Black Market was destroyed, the demand for this type of magic stone was very high. 
’I should have gathered all water magic stone from my mine in the Black Market before they destroyed it!’ Lou had been complaining about that. 
However, his protest was silenced with one reply from Cane. 
’You can’t gather all the stones, you don’t know where to look for it.’ 
That was right. Only Iris, who could find magic stone as if she saw it and simply picked it up from the rock. 
She was special, she would always be exceptional... 
"Don’t leave me..." Iris whimpered, she still looked very sick, even though her fever had gone down. 
"I will not." Cane kissed her knuckles. "I am sorry for leaving you when you needed me the most. I am sorry, I hurt you again." 
Iris teared up. She struggled to push herself off the bed, so she could hug him. There was nothing else she wanted right now, aside from being close to him, so she would be certain that he was not going to leave her. 
Cane knew what she needed. He needed this too. 
Gently, he helped her to sit down and hug her closely. Careful enough not to put so much pressure on her, since he felt like he wanted to hold her as tight as he could, tied her with him. 
"I am sorry, Cane." Iris started to cry again. "I didn’t mean to hide this from you. I didn’t mean to cause you trouble. I know that this is not the right time for this pregnancy. I know what you feel about this and I am sorry. I didn’t mean to deceive you. I only thought I don’t want to disappoint you if I failed. I can’t see you in pain, but I think I give you more pain now and I am sorry." 
"Ssh..." Cane rocked her body gently, as he cradled her in his arms. "I am the one, who is sorry, Iris. I give you nothing, but pain." 
Iris shook her head. "No. You have every right to be angry with me." 
"I shouldn’t have left you." Cane kissed her head. He missed her scent, he missed her voice. He missed everything about her. 
Iris then lifted her head to look at him, but before she could say anything, Cane kissed her. His lips sealed any apology that she wanted to say. He didn’t want to hear that. The thought of her feeling bad for what she had done didn’t sit well with him. 
Cane’s kiss was very tender, as if he was afraid he would hurt her by accident. His mate was sick and pregnant and that was the recipe for a nightmare. 
"So, it’s twins?" Cane backed away when Iris was breathless. 
Iris’s eyes lit up, those blue eyes looked so beautiful, just like her soul. "Yes." This was the first time Cane brought up about their babies and to know he finally accepted them was a huge relief to her heart. He took interest to their babies. 
Cane nodded, there was this small smile curled on the corner of his lips, as his gaze traced down to her stomach. "You can see their wolf spirit?" 
Iris became excited when she told him about what she saw. She looked weak and tired a moment ago, but when she talked about the babies, she seemed to have all the energy in the world to keep talking for hours. 
At first, when she saw the two lights she didn’t realize it, but then she remembered about Renee, Avid’s mate. She saw this little light too when she noticed it as her baby’s wolf spirit. It was a little bit silly how it didn’t click with her immediately that was the case. 
"And now, they are the size of my thumb!" Iris said excitedly. "I wish you can see them, they are very cute!" 
"Of course, they are." Cane kissed both of Iris’s cheeks. He felt so light right now, as if there was a huge burden that was lifted from his shoulders the moment he had accepted it, make a room for him to have hope again. 
When he stood in this point, Cane felt those days when he struggled alone and hurt his mate in the process looked very foolish. 
But still, his fear for the uncertain future was still there. 
"I am stronger now." Iris cupped his face between her palms and looked at him in the eyes, as if she could feel what he was thinking. "I will not let anything happened to our babies. We will not let anything happened to them. Please, trust me." 
Have faith in your mate. That was what Amee said... 
Cane rested his forehead against Iris’s shoulder, as he replied in small voice. "Okay." It’s okay to have hope again, right? 
Iris hugged him, feeling very grateful that they could overcome this adversity. 
Later that night when the news about Iris has woken up reached the elders, Elder Xarex requested to see her. He and the other elders must be in the dead end to actually ask for a meeting with Iris. 
There was no need for a genius to guess what they wanted from her. 
"You don’t need to see them." Cane handed warm milk to Iris. They had returned to their tent and Grace would come by every two hours to check on her, as per the alpha’s request. 
"I think we need to solve this problem first. Decratic is still weak, this is the right time for us to attack, don’t you think so?" 
"Now, you are talking about a strategy," Cane teased her. "I got this. Just drink the milk."
###Chapter 878: DEMAND FROM THE ELDERS
Chapter 878: DEMAND FROM THE ELDERS
Docilely, Iris drank her milk, but it didn’t mean she would drop the topic. She still fixed on talking about this. 
"But, what are you going to do? They will not allow Abby to use her power because she is currently pregnant." From what Iris learned, the protection around her was very tight, even a fly couldn’t go through the knights. 
Outsider might see it as the Elders cared about her, but in truth, they were trying to isolate her. 
Actually, not only Iris, Abby had been staying inside her tent without taking a step out for the last week and information about her was very limited even though they were only a few tents away. 
"You are also pregnant." Cane made bed for Iris and helped her to lay down comfortably. 
"But, they don’t know about this." Iris stretched her body and pulled Cane to lay down next to her. She missed this conversation with him. 
"They didn’t need to know." Cane snuggled with Iris, while her mate was moving around to find a comfortable spot in his arms. 
"What about the shield? I am sure I can take it down..." Iris contemplated it. 
"No." 
"After I get better, I think I can take it down." Iris corrected herself, but still, Cane didn’t agree with that. 
"You are not going to do anything, Iris." Cane played with her hair, which made her sleepy. "Just sit back. I can handle this." 
"How?" Iris looked up. She liked his side profile and wished their babies would take after him. "Did you already have a plan?" 
"I have." 
Iris’s curiosity was piqued. "What is it?" Cane opened his mouth to answer that, but then he clamped it again, teasing her. "Cane!" 
"I will tell you if you ate properly tomorrow." Cane made a bargain. 
"I ate, but the food tasted so bland." Her tastebuds didn’t give her joy when she ate food, they tasted funny. 
"Is there something you want to eat?" Cane asked, caressing her neck absentmindedly. 
"No. I don’t think any food that I ate will taste good. I only need to wait until I fully recovered." Iris pursed her lips. "You tried to change the subject. So, what is your plan?" 
Cane smirked. "Come here." He beckoned her with his finger to give him her ear, though no one would listen to them, since they were alone in the tent, but still Iris came closer to him without even thinking twice. 
However, when she was close enough, the only answer she got was Cane telling her to sleep and then nibble on her earlobe. 
"Cane!" Iris protested. 
Later at night, Cane opened his eyes when he felt Iris was already fallen asleep and carefully released her body. He tucked her in before he walked out of the tent. 
"No one take a step away from the tent," Cane said to Zephyr. 
"Yes, alpha," Zephyr replied and there were around twenty warriors that guarded the tent. Not only Abby, who got a tight security, but Iris was the same. 
After that, Cane went to retrieve the lizard and write a letter for Lou. He told the merchant to return and the letter found him just fine, because half an hour later, Cane could see a portal that appeared beside him. 
"What now?! I am not your dog that could be called here and there as you pleased!" Despite that was what he said, but he always came whenever he was being called. 
"Let’s go to Chyrstal Moon pack." Cane was waiting for Lou near their campsite, so it wouldn’t attract attention from the warriors and the knights, especially the magic users from Holy Kingdom. They didn’t need them to stick their nose in their business. 
"What do you think I am? A horse that could take you anywhere do you want?!" Lou was fuming. "I am very busy. Unless you tell me your plan, I am not going to take you anywhere!" He couldn’t imagine those people, who worked for Cane. 
Most of them completely blind about the whole plan and only knew how to finish the task that was given to them. This was ridiculous. This was not how Lou worked! Even Ethan, the gamma was clueless about a certain matter and he was fine with that because he had gotten used with the alpha’s method. 
"Iris is sick, she can’t eat and she wanted Golden Seed fruit," Cane replied curtly. His explanation was very concise. 
Grumbling and cursing and even protesting, Lou created a portal and together, they went to Chrystal Moon pack. 
But things didn’t look good there. The Blue Moon warriors were rebelling against Redmond. They refused to go to war in order to help Cane. They didn’t want to help the alpha, who had enslaved them. Why would they? 
"Can’t you handle it?" Cane asked Redmond. They met at a tavern, while Lou looked for the Golden Seed fruit, Redmond heard that Cane was coming, thus he met with him here. 
The alpha put the hoodie of his cloak over his head to cover his face. Even without seeing him, people would know he was someone with status judging by the aura that he gave off. 
"I can. I killed two of them, who tried to provoke the other. Things calm down a little bit. I can drag them to the battlefield. But, with how fickle they are I can’t guarantee they wouldn’t be a problem later." Redmond crossed his arms in front of his chest. He liked to be here, because there were people, who were waiting for him at home when returned. 
"What they wanted?" 
"They didn’t want to pledge their loyalty to you." Redmond could understand that, because he himself didn’t pledge to Cane. 
Cane nodded. "Then, let them pledged their loyalty to Iris." 
"Are you sure?" Redmond was surprised. 
"Didn’t you pledge to Iris too?" 
"There are around five thousand of them!" 
"Good." Cane nodded. "Iris will need her own force." She needed it more than ever now.
###Chapter 879: THE FORCE FOR IRIS
Chapter 879: THE FORCE FOR IRIS
"Cane, I can’t understand you." Redmond narrowed his eyes. "You don’t think to send her to a battle, right? Just because she holds power now, you are thinking of her to lead those warriors to the battlefield. Holding power and leading a bunch of rough warriors is not the same thing." 
"No." Cane sipped his alcohol and listened to the crowd of this tavern. There were so many merchants here. Because the Black Market had been destroyed, the harbor of the Chrystal Moon pack had been very lively because they were trading here. 
More so, many merchants were seeking for revenge for their fellow merchant in the Black Market and ready to join Cane. 
"They are there to ensure her safety and you will be with her to make sure that happened." Cane shifted his attention back to Redmond, who seemed unable to find the right word to respond to that. 
"Did you realize it? You have been entrusting me with so many critical things. If I betrayed you, you will be doomed, Cane." Redmond had not been entrusted with this huge responsibility before. 
"You didn’t betray me in the matter with lady Cyan, why would you now?" Cane leaned his back against the backrest of his chair. "You have pledged your loyalty to Iris after all. Do as you think is right to keep her safe." 
"Even though I went against your word?" 
"Your loyalty is on her. You only followed my order because you thought I can keep her safe." 
Redmond didn’t have a word to say. 
Yes, he served alpha Gerald and did everything he was told him, but not even once that alpha showed this level of trust in him. He treated him as something disposable, as if it had been written on the stone that Redmond would do as he wished, which was true. 
But, Cane trusted him like a warrior. Someone that he could rely upon. This was two different things completely and he felt something shifted in his heart. This unfamiliar and strange feeling made him restless. 
Redmond used to dislike Cane and he want to keep feeling that way. 
"Prepare a small ceremony for that, I will bring Iris in three days." Cane stood up when he saw Lou was about to enter the tavern. "Inform Ethan too and keep it private." 
After giving his order, Cane went to approach Lou, who already had a bag full of Golden Seed fruit. 
"This is so expensive, you need to pay me." Lou glanced at Redmond, but he paid no mind toward that warrior. He had spent enough time with him and Ethan to give him a headache for a lifetime, thus it was not necessary to acknowledge his presence. 
"Hm." 
"Pay me too for the one that lycan bought before." 
Cane said nothing, he took the Golden Seed fruit and handed him a pouch of gold and five earth magic stones, yet still the merchant was not happy. 
It was already late at night, but this harbor was still very crowded, as if these merchants had never slept. 
"Young man!" a woman called for Cane, she was a stall lady, who sold vegetables. Shifters didn’t really eat that, since they preferred meat. "I see you are carrying Golden Seed fruit, is that for your pregnant woman?" 
The alpha still had his hoodie over his head, thus no one could see his face and recognize him. 
"Pregnant woman, my ass, she is only sick," Lou grumbled crudely. He wanted to leave now they had what Iris wanted. 
However, the stall lady ignored him and kept talking to Cane. "Try this bracken, this is good for the baby! You will have healthy baby if the mother ate this regularly." 
"Let’s go, I am tired and I want to sleep." 
However, to Lou surprised, Cane actually stopped and bought the whole bracken, which was enough to fill a big bag. 
"Carry this." Cane gave the bag for Lou to carry. "Let’s go back." 
Not only Lou, who was shocked, but the stall lady too, she blinked her eyes in disbelieve because she was selling well tonight. 
"Wait, what?! What is this?!" Lou caught up with Cane. "Don’t tell me... don’t tell me... she is... she is pregnant? Again?" Lou stammered. 
Cane glanced at him, they had reached the quiet spot, where Lou could create the portal and took them back to the campsite. 
"We will not go anywhere until you tell me!" Lou threatened him childishly. 
"Yes." Cane finally opened his mouth, but then he added more. "With twins." 
The bag full of bracken slipped from Lou’s grip, as he stared at Cane with jaw dropped. "How did you impregnate her at time like this?! Are you still lacking problems so you are looking for new problems again?!" 
It was still fresh in his mind how was Iris when she lost her babies. He was not around her much, because he couldn’t stand the look of emptiness in her eyes. 
"She was the one, who initiated it." 
"No, Iris is not that bold!" 
Cane raised his brows, a devilish smile curled on the corner of his lips. "I guess, it’s only me, who can see that side of her." 
Lou scrunched his nose in disgust. "You are so full of manipulation!" 
And the next day, Iris was served with the bracken for her breakfast. This was the first time she ate something like this. 
"What is this?" Iris asked, she lifted the soggy vegetable with her fork. 
"The stall lady said it’s good for pregnant woman, so the baby will be healthy." Cane put down a bowl of Golden Seed fruit that he had cut into small pieces. "Try it." 
Iris ate the bracken and from the look on her expression, she was not a fan of it. 
Later one, since Cane had bought so many of the bracken and Iris didn’t like it, all of the warriors and knights were served with that for their meal. 
"Is Alpha trying to kill us?" Zale complained.
###Chapter 880: TAKE OFF YOUR CLOTHES
Chapter 880: TAKE OFF YOUR CLOTHES
Thankfully with the large number of knights, warriors and magic users, the bracken didn’t last for tomorrow, but it made them wondered why the sudden change with their meal. 
Still, that was only a silly thing that they pushed on the back of their mind the next day, because there was an important thing to be solved. 
The magic users gave up, they had wasted so many magic stones and Elder Rose had been very exhausted when she supported them by summoning the Sylph, still there was no result and Elder Xarex was stubborn enough not to let Abby do anything about this situation. 
Instead, he went to bother Cane in order to let Iris solve the problem. Obviously, Cane wouldn’t let them get what they wanted. 
"The elders become very restless," Jace said. He informed Cane, as they walked among the warriors to watch their training. "They demand to meet with the luna." 
"She is sick." 
"Cane, I don’t think you can use that excuse for long. They had seen Iris walked around the tent and she was fine." Jace had not yet learned about Iris’s pregnancy. 
Right now, Iris was always accompanied by Hanna, Amee, Aliana and her five warriors, but she was sure Cane had stationed more warriors close to her, because she kept seeing the same warriors hang around her. 
And as if what Jace had summoned the elders, they actually bumped onto Elder Dandolf. 
"Alpha Cane, beta Jace," he greeted them. "There is something I want to talk with you, alpha Cane." 
"If this is about the problem with the shield, I need to reject it. My mate is still sick." Cane immediately cut to the point. 
Jace could only grimace, he had told Cane not to overuse the same excuse. 
"Let me see her, I think we as the elder from the Holy Kingdom is way more familiar with divine power than your healer." Elder Dandolf talked smoothly, having his way in to see Iris. 
"No need to bother. The healer has been taking care of her since the very beginning. She knew what she needs to do." 
"But, she is still sick." 
"In that case, don’t you think the Serafim is the right person to check on her? Since the two of them have the same divine power?" Cane smiled harmlessly. "I think I will appreciate it more if the Serafim was the one, who came to visit my mate." 
Iris had told him about Abby’s offer. She was willing to tell her everything she knew about Rei, the information that even Cane’s spies and Lou couldn’t get. 
But, the problem was; they couldn’t meet with Abby. They had not yet seen her for weeks now. It could be said Abby had not yet stepped out of the tent at all. 
"Let me know when the Serafim will be able to visit my mate." Cane didn’t wait for elder Dandolf to respond to his suggestion, he walked away with his beta. 
If they couldn’t meet with Abby, then let Abby to be the one, who came to them. 
This was one of the reasons why Cane intentionally pissed them off by telling the same bullshit about Iris was being sick when she roamed around their tent freely. 
Later that night, Cane took Iris out and this was the first time Lou could finally see her. 
"Heaven! Why it is so hard to see you?!" Lou’s eyes lit up when he saw Iris inside the tent. She was eating her dinner and looked adorable in her blue dress. "How are you?" Lou took a seat next to Iris and helped her with her meal. 
However, a black wisp appeared and dragged his chair away, to create a distance between him and Iris. 
"What the hell is wrong with you?!" Lou groaned at Cane, while Iris chuckled, she had gotten used with their fight. 
"Her appetite just returned, stay away from her, unless she lost it again." 
"What are you trying to say here?" 
Cane ignored him like usual, but Iris actually spoke to Lou and this effectively quietened him down. "Lou, take off your clothes." Iris put down her fork. Her blue eyes fixed on him. 
"Wh- what?" Lou stuttered, he glanced at Cane, as if asking for explanation for this. "What do you want to do?" He blinked his eyes. 
"There is something I want to check." 
"Is it okay to do it in front of him? You can guarantee he will not let that lycan out?" Lou looked doubtful. He always showed his interest on Iris openly, but it didn’t mean, he was willing to lose his life. "Why we don’t do it when he is not here? You make it very obvious." 
Iris frowned. "What are you talking about?" but then, it clicked in her head, her little face turned red, as she glared at him. "Your mind is so dirty!" 
"Your words were very ambiguous, how can I not jump into that conclusion?" Lou retorted. 
"That’s not what I meant! I heard you have a unique birthmark, I want to see it!" She had not yet seen it, but Cane told her about it and she was sure, Lou’s birthmark was the same like the one Zale had. 
"Oh, that birthmark." Lou glanced at Cane. Obviously, the alpha was the one, who had told her, but then he remembered his conversation with Cane before this. Could this be... "Do you want me to take off my pants too?" Lou grinned. 
But, his grin quickly disappeared when Cane had had enough of him and stood up. 
"What? What are you going to do? Sit! Stay there!" Lou widened his eyes. He was being defensive now, he remembered the last time Cane undressed him was not a memory he was fond of. 
"Come, I will help you," Cane said darkly. "Do you want to take off your pants too?" 
"Hey! I am just joking, okay! Stay away from me!" Lou looked at Iris in panic. "Can you do something to your mate!?"
###Chapter 881: SEALED THEIR FATE
Chapter 881: SEALED THEIR FATE
Seeing Lou’s predicament, Iris simply shrugged her shoulders, staring at him with her bright, innocent eyes. 
"What can I do? If you can’t even fight him, do you think I stand a chance?" Iris emphasized how she was only a little lady here. 
"Fine! Fine! Fine! Don’t touch me! I will take off my clothes!" Lou was annoyed beyond word. 
But, actually Cane reached out something from behind him and didn’t pay attention to the merchant at all, as he retrieved that and returned to sit down next to Iris. 
"What is that?" Iris asked, she didn’t look at Lou when he took off his cloak and then his clothes. 
"Report from Celestial Moon pack," Cane replied. He handed the report to Iris so she could read it. 
"Do you still have spy there?" Iris asked incredulously. It had been a while since the last report from Celestial Moon pack. 
"Yes, but it’s extremely hard for him to get a word out of there." The report came a week ago when Iris was still sick, thus she only knew about it now. 
Iris read the letter and needless to say, the situation there was not good. It mentioned there was a few cracks on the ground and it let out red smoke. Anyone, who breathed in it for long would fall sick and then died. 
The report was not long, but it highlighted the main problem there. The smoke that was mentioned must be poisonous miasma. They encountered the same thing when they almost destroyed Decratic. 
"This is..." Iris put down the letter. 
"Poisonous miasma," Cane finished her sentence. "Apparently it appeared in a few packs too. He handed her the letters from his other spies. "We know about poisonous miasma in Diandem pack, but aside from that pack and Celestial Moon pack, apparently it also appeared in Red Claw pack, Golden Light pack, Moon Dew pack and Winter Moon pack." 
"You have your spies in those places?!" Lou was surprised. They were having a hard time to penetrate the protection around Winter Moon pack, but Cane actually got information from there? "How can you do that?" 
"Is it the lizard?" Iris guessed. 
"You are very smart." Cane kissed her cheek to get the right answer and Iris smiled sheepishly, while Lou felt like he wanted to rush out of this tent. 
Here he was, standing half naked in front of this couple, while they were being lovey dovey with each other. 
"Thanks to you we can find a safe way to communicate with the other spies." Cane kissed Iris cheek again. 
"Can you stop that?" Lou grunted. "Now I am half naked, what are you going to do with me?" He cut them off before they could do something more than this and demanded Iris’s attention. 
Iris stood up, so did Cane, as he escorted her toward Lou.
"Can you just sit down? I feel like I am being ganged up," Lou complained, but of course, Cane wouldn’t listen. 
"Turn around, I want to see your birthmark." Iris noticed Lou had a good body, though he appeared a little bit skinny compared to those muscular warriors and knights, but of course, Cane’s body was the best! 
Iris blushed when she had that thought and Cane didn’t seem to be happy when he saw that, thinking she was blushing because she saw another man’s naked body. 
Cane took Lou’s cloak and draped it on his shoulder, lifting the part where Iris still could see his birthmark. 
"What are you doing?!" Lou struggled, but there was this annoying black wisp that rendered him unable to move. "Damn it! not this again!" 
This was not the first time Lou was being in this position. 
"Lou, stop moving," Iris said, she bent her body to look at his birthmark and it was exactly the same like the one Zale had. 
"Is it the same?" Cane asked. 
"Yes." Iris nodded. 
"The same? The same with what? With the Holy Knight’s crest?" Lou had heard this before. 
"Yes, and also with Zale." Iris let him knew about this. "He also has the same birthmark like you." 
"No way!" Lou refused to have any similarity with that brat! "What? Do you think we are like lost brother or something? I don’t want to have anything to do with that pup!" 
Iris chuckled. "I think the feeling is mutual." She was completely right about this and if Zale was here, he definitely would say the same thing. "Now, don’t move." 
"Can’t you see? Your mate literally tied me up." Lou didn’t need to be told not to move, because he couldn’t. Cane made things easier for Iris. "What are you going to do with me though?" 
Lou didn’t have any idea what Iris was doing, but when he felt her finger touched his back, he felt this burning sensation and couldn’t help, but scream. 
"That’s hurt!" Lou grunted. 
"Alpha! Luna! What happened?!" Zephyr and Dean entered the tent because they heard Lou was screaming and watched what was going on there. 
The birthmark on Lou’s back lightened up with golden light, as if there was fire crawled in the line of his birthmark, making it more palpable to see, as if someone just created a tattoo on his body, shaping the line of his birthmark to be more precise. 
"Bring Zale here," Cane said, while Iris concentrated on the birthmark on Lou’s back, while the merchant tried to hold back his scream. 
"Y- yes, alpha." The two of them immediately left with a lot of question in their mind about what their luna was doing to the merchant. 
Once Iris was done, Cane released Lou and his body fell on the ground, he was panting. 
"W- what was that?" Lou still felt the pain, but it gradually subsided. "What have you done to me?" he turned his head to look at Iris. 
"I remembered, in the past, you said we will be together for long time, I think that’s true now."
###Chapter 882: THE PROTECTORS OF THE SERAFIM
Chapter 882: THE PROTECTORS OF THE SERAFIM
"Well, I don’t mind to spend the rest of my life with you though," Lou replied almost without thinking of the alpha behind her, which rewarded him with a kick on the butt. "You don’t need to be so mean to me!" Lou yelled at Cane, but his gaze fell on Iris once again. 
The woman before him looked so beautiful, but there was this strange attraction that Lou felt toward her that had nothing to do with her beauty. Lou had realized this strange attraction ever since he laid his eyes on her. 
This was indeed insane, but he was going to get the explanation of it. 
"So, what is that?" Lou rested his back against the pole of the tent, the pain had subsided, but he chose to sit down on the floor. He felt tired. "What with that pain? Are you going to kill me or something?" 
Cane helped Iris to sit down on the chair again and at the same time, Zephyr announced that Zale was there. 
"Let him in," Cane said. 
Not long after, Zale walked in and he was surprised to see Lou was there. 
"Why did you call him here?" Lou frowned. 
"Come here, sit down." Iris nodded at the chair next to her, but Lou immediately stood up and sat down there, making Zale had to sit between him and Cane. 
"Can’t you see how childish you are?" Zale clicked his tongue. He stared at the merchant with disapproving look. 
"It’s so precious coming from a ten years old boy." 
"I am thirteen!" Zale raised his voice. 
"If both you are going to bicker, get out of here." Cane’s voice was very stern and then he glared at Lou. "Put on your clothes." 
Lou and Zale looked at each other, seemingly wanted to claw one another, but then they dropped it and said nothing, waiting for Iris to speak. Lou used his magic to take his clothes from the floor, just in case Zale would take his seat when he stood up. 
The young boy was not wrong about how childish Lou could be. 
"So, what was that about? He has birthmark too, right? Why didn’t you do it to him too?" Lou pointed his finger at Zale. 
"How do you know about my birthmark?" 
"Of course, because she told me everything." 
Cane frowned, he took a deep breath. "Are you sure about these two?" he asked Iris. They didn’t look reliable at all. If there was someone Cane would entrust his mate, obviously he would think thrice before he left her with them. 
Hearing that, Iris grimaced, she knew what Cane meant. "Can you be quiet for a while? I am going to talk about the birthmark." Iris then looked at Lou to answer his question. "I have done it to Zale before, that’s why I knew what to do with your birthmark." 
"Don’t tell me we are some kind of sibling?" There was horror in Lou and Zale’s eyes to realize they had the same birthmark. 
"No. I am sure you are not. What I am going to talk about is not about that." Iris cut them off before their imagination ran so wild. 
She explained about the first Serafim, Na and about the five swords, the birthmark and some of Na’s memories that could help to make them understood what she was trying to say. 
"No way..." Lou leaned his back against the backrest of the chair. He stared at Iris, as if she just grew a second head. 
"That’s... awesome!" Zale was thrilled. "So, it meant, I am going to be your protector? I will be your chosen protector? I was born to be your protector?" Zale jumped to his feet, he was thrilled. "Luna, are you telling the truth? You are not joking, right?" He looked like he was going to jump up high to hear this. "I can train like the other warriors and actually, I am your protector? Chosen by fate?" 
"Can you calm down?" Lou was annoyed. 
This time, Zale ignored him and asked directly to Iris. "Luna, can I start training? I have asked the other warrior, but they said I need to ask for your or the alpha’s permission first." He had sneakily followed the training, but Eron or Dyne would catch him and send him back to Zephyr. 
He wanted to train with the other warrior, not only having a one on one training with Zephyr. More so, the warrior was busy lately and he didn’t have time to train him. 
After Iris reassured him that she would arrange that, she sent him away. 
"Don’t say anything about this." Iris reminded Zale again, just in case he slipped the word. 
"Don’t worry, luna. I will not breath a single word about it!" Zale was very happy with this news. He didn’t really understand about the story of the first Serafim, but the thought of him as the chosen one to be the luna’s protector pumped him up with excitement. 
"Are you sure, it’s fine to tell him about that." 
Iris narrowed her eyes. "You look so bothered. Don’t worry, I will not ask you something strange, I only wanted you to know about the birthmark and what the meaning of it." 
All this time Cane was silent, he let Iris to navigate what she was going to do now she had accepted her role. Cane only needed adjusted his plan with hers. 
"Is not that I am not happy, I am just not thrilled there will be another three more people, who have the same fate. Why it should be five? Why not only one? The first Serafim only has one protector." Lou obviously didn’t like to share. 
"Yes, and he turned out to be a traitor. He touched dark magic." Iris remined Lou of that. 
The merchant clicked his tongue, he wanted to argue again, but Cane had stood up. "This is time. We need to go now." 
Tonight, they would go to Chrystal Moon pack.
###Chapter 883: KNEEL BEFORE ME!
Chapter 883: KNEEL BEFORE ME!
Lou was still not thrilled with the fact there was another four more protectors that bore the same birthmark like him. What was the deal? Why it needed five protectors? One was enough, right? The first Serafim only had one and that was enough. 
However, he liked the idea that he shared a special bond with her, the fact that their fate tangled together. 
He must be crazy to fancy someone else’s woman, but then he was indeed that kind of person, who didn’t think much about opinion of other people. Since when he cared, as long as he was benefited and right now, he only wanted to be close with this woman. This feeling didn’t go away even when he knew this woman was pregnant. 
"Let’s wrap this up quickly, so you can rest." Cane wrapped his arms around her waist protectively as they walked toward the training ground in the Chrystal Moon pack, where Redmond had been waiting for them along with the five thousand warriors from Blue Moon pack. 
Redmond’s eyes trailed down to her stomach. 
"I still don’t think this is a good idea," Redmond said in small voice, as he walked with Iris, while Cane followed behind them with Lou. "But... congratulation." 
Iris smiled softly at him. "Thank you, Redmond." Iris had her lizard in her arms, she cradled the creature that had grown bigger, it had been very instrumental in helping Cane in delivering his secret messages. 
They walked quietly. Iris was wearing maroon dress under her black cloak, she looked stunning and the color gave off a mysterious vibes. 
"You are different now." Redmond glanced at Iris. "The way you carried yourself is different now." 
"I know." Iris also could feel how she changed. "A lot of things have changed me." 
"But, I like you right now. Your old self will not be able to handle this." Redmond opened the door to the training ground, where all of the warriors from Blue Moon pack had been waiting for Iris. "But, you at this moment, surely can." 
When Iris stepped inside the training ground, the lizard leapt from her arms and breathed fire, which the flames caught all of the warriors’ attention. At the same time, Iris summoned the Sylph. The air spirit looked very magnificent under the pale moonlight and the bright flames from the lizard. 
All the warriors gasped in shocked to see her entrance. 
"Don’t you think this is too much?" Redmond glanced at Lou. He was in awed with the way Iris chose to make her first appearance in front of her former pack member, the warrior from her father’s pack. 
This first appearance was for her to claim her right as the luna of the pack. 
"Why? He agreed with this magnificent entrance." Lou elbowed Cane beside him. The alpha agreed with the concept and it was necessary to show these warriors that Iris was not that timid girl they used to know, or that wrecked woman, who just lost her babies. 
She was powerful and would be able to lead the pack. It was important to give a strong impact for the first time they saw her. 
"More so, this is not enough." Lou smirked, he took a step to stand behind Iris and he made the fire even more lively. He made the sky turned so bright, as if it was day and when he used his magic, he felt there was something different, but he couldn’t point his finger about what was that. 
"Don’t you want to stop him?" Redmond moved to stand beside Cane. 
"Let him be," Cane replied. He himself didn’t make appearance, because tonight was all about Iris and how she convinced them to pledge their loyalty to her. 
"What is that?!" Ethan just arrived. He supposed to be here with Redmond, but there was something he needed to do. Behind him, Will followed. "Is Iris showing off her power now?" 
"That’s his idea." Redmond nodded at Lou, who looked even more excited than Iris herself. 
A moment later, the flames died out, but the Sylph stayed, the air spirit looked so big, but the shape of it was not so vivid, as if this creature was soft fog in the air. 
The five thousand warriors fell into uproar after their initial shock worn off. Only then, Redmond stepped forward and spoke in loud voice. 
"KNEEL BEFORE YOUR LUNA!" Redmond roared. His voice echoed throughout the area, carried by the howling wind. 
Iris stepped forward, letting herself to be exposed, so they all could see her. Currently she was standing in the higher platform, which gave her the advantage, because from her vantage point, she could look down at them, like a goddess, who looked at the world beneath her feet. 
"Pledge your loyalty to me and I will bring honor to our pack!" Iris said in loud voice, which was enough to silence them. 
"What do you mean by bringing honor!? We refused to pledge loyalty to you, until you proved it to us that you worthy of the title!" One of the warriors bold enough to voice out his refusal and some of them supported his claim. 
"I have told you this might happen," Redmond said in low voice, he had warned her before through the letter he sent her. 
"I know," Iris replied calmly. 
"What are you going to do now?" Redmond was interested of how Iris would win their heart. 
But, who was talking about wining their heart. Most of the pack only had one rule, this was barbaric and was very obsolete, which was; the stronger would lead and the weaker would follow. 
Iris didn’t come here with a preparation of a long speech to convince them of how capable she was, or how she could play her role as the luna of the pack. 
That was not necessary when she could do something more outright and impactful. 
"Kneel before me, or else..." Iris swiped her cold eyes at them. "I will make you."
###Chapter 884: SHE SHOWED THEM WHAT SHE WAS CAPABLE OF
Chapter 884: SHE SHOWED THEM WHAT SHE WAS CAPABLE OF
"Cane, what should I say to convince them to be on my side? To make them pledged their loyalty to me?" Iris asked in small voice before they went to sleep. She looked very nervous that the day she would confront the warriors was getting closer. 
Five thousand was a huge number. Iris might have grown from her timid self, but still, that number was too much for her to handle. Thinking about that alone would always leave her with overwhelmed feeling. 
Cane cupped her face, he could see panic in her beautiful blue eyes. "Warriors are the roughest among the werewolves. This creature couldn’t be convinced by word. You need to show them what real power looks like, only then you can convince them." 
Iris frowned. "How?" she pursed her lips. "I am not you that can shift into a beast and fight them." 
Cane chuckled. "Why should you fight them when you can do it without even touching them?" 
That was how Cane told Iris about what to do. There was no need for a long speech, they wouldn’t listen anyway. And Iris found this method was way more efficient and impactful. 
After what Iris said, all of sudden they felt excruciating pain that brought them to their knees. They clutched their chest, having a hard time to breath because the pain was unbearable. 
Without them knowing it, they had knelt down before her. 
Cane was right. Iris didn’t need to convince them, but simply showed them that she was stronger than anyone else. Something that she was more than capable of doing. 
"H- How... you can do this?" the warriors were surprised and when the pain subsided, they looked at Iris with fear in their eyes. 
Iris didn’t want them to fear her, but this feeling was a good start. They could grow some respect with each other as the time went by. As long as they pledged to her, respect was something possible.
"Is it okay for her to use her power like that? You said it yourself that her negative emotions can be Decratic’s power." Ethan frowned. He was impressed by what Iris could do, but he was worried of the aftermath. They were there when they fought Decratic and the last thing that they wanted was to have that devil creature to regain his strength again. 
"She didn’t do it out of negative emotions. She doesn’t resent them." Cane couldn’t take his eyes off his mate. She looked very dazzling right now when she was shining like this. She had grown so much and Cane couldn’t be more proud of her. 
But, Cane was not the only person, who thought that way because right now Lou and Redmond are fascinated by what Iris had done. The two of them couldn’t take their eyes off of her too. 
And after that, everything was smooth sailing. They pledged to her and Iris got the five thousand warriors’ loyalty by showing them she was able to kill them all if she wanted to. 
Instilling fear was the fastest way to gain support and for now that was what they needed to do. 
With that, Redmond would march with the five thousand warriors within five days from now and Ethan would leave with the merchant and waited for them in the Winter Moon pack’s harbor. 
"The problem we are facing now is the protection shield around the Winter Moon pack, how can you take it down?" Lou asked out of curiosity, he had been dying to know the answer, but Cane simply didn’t want to give him and he had wrecked his brain to figure it out, still, he couldn’t find the answer he was looking for. 
"You will find out later when the time came." Cane then closed the curtain to his tent, effectively shooing the merchant away and then focused on his mate. "Are you tired?" Cane caressed Iris’s cheek, she looked sleepy. 
"A little bit," Iris yawned and sat down on the edge of the bed. "What are you doing?" She frowned when she saw Cane was kneeling down in front of her. 
"Let me taking care of you," Cane said calmly, as he raised her feet and took off her shoes. "You have done extremely well, Iris. I am so proud of you." 
Iris beamed. This word meant the world for her, especially when it was Cane, who said that. "Really?" 
"You did it. You won them over." 
Iris grinned, she was delighted and from the corner of her eyes, she could see her little lights shimmered, one of them moved around actively, while the other seemed too lazy to even make a move, as it rested on her lap. 
"What is it? What those little lights are doing now?" Cane understood that look on Iris’s face. It was a pity he couldn’t see them. 
"One of the lights is more active than the other." Iris nudged the light on her lap, while the other one floating around Cane’s head and then rested on his left shoulder. "And the other one is on your shoulder." She pointed to his left shoulder. 
"Really?" 
"Hm." Iris nodded. "I think I can see their tail now. Or, is that their muzzle?" Iris tilted her head. "They are not round anymore, more like an oval shape..." 
Cane’s heart flooded with warm. Iris was close to two months now, it meant if everything went well they would see their children in seven months. 
Seven months. Cane had to wrap everything up before that time. The sooner the better. 
The next day, they were surprised by Abby’s visit. She didn’t come with Liam and Cedric, but instead with her other two knights. Her complexion told them that she was not in a good place right now. 
"Leave, I have something to talk with them," Abby said to James. She looked at him with disdain. 
"I am ordered to be here, I supposed not to leave your side, Serafim, please understand." James didn’t budge.
###Chapter 885: THE WARRIOR WAS SO PROUD OF THEIR LUNA
Chapter 885: THE WARRIOR WAS SO PROUD OF THEIR LUNA
Iris was eating her breakfast with Cane when she heard Abby’s voice from outside. They had been informed that the Serafim would visit to check on Iris’s condition, because Cane kept saying his mate was too sick to do anything, which was a bullshit and everyone involved knew that. 
Thus, from what what Cane hinted the other day, the elders decided to send Abby over. It was a tough decision, since they didn’t want her to be in public while she was pregnant. 
"Do you want to bet with me?" Lou asked, he grinned. He came here early in the morning to bring her breakfast, which annoyed Cane. 
But, the merchant used the excuse that he was Iris’s personal knight and it was only right for him to be close with her. 
If it was not for his mate, Cane would have kicked him out of the tent. Iris actually had something to discuss with Lou, since discussing this matter with Zale wouldn’t be essential, because he was literally only a child, there were still a lot for him to learn before Iris could have any discussion with him. 
More so, Iris wanted Lou to be there too, as they were going to talk about Rei. Abby must have known about what they really wanted from her. 
"I will say she will not be able to shake off that annoying knight." Lou looked in a good mood today. 
"I am not betting with you." Iris stood up. She herself annoyed with that knight. 
"You don’t need to go out," Cane said. "If she can’t handle her own knight, she will not be able to handle anything." Cane put more meat into her plate. Her appetite had returned and she ate more. 
However, as they listened, they realized Abby wouldn’t go anywhere, her knight was simply an obstinate person, who didn’t know his place. 
"I don’t think we will have any discussion soon if this kept going on," Lou said, he got bored to hear them. 
"I will go." Iris stood up again. 
This time, Cane didn’t stop her. 
"Well, I am surprised you didn’t go out yourself and let her handle it." Lou raised his brows. Usually, Cane would be the one, who took care of this kind of matter and sheltered his mate protectively, right? 
"And let you alone with her?" Cane glanced at the merchant with disdain. He could read what was in his mind. More so, Cane counted this as a practice for Iris about how to handle the situation. 
Recently, he had been giving Iris more freedom to assert her presence. 
"I really don’t like you, Cane," Lou clicked his tongue, clearly annoyed. 
"The feeling is mutual." Cane continued eating, while listening what his mate was going to do. 
Right now, Abby was standing right in front of Cane’s tent, but the knight refused to leave. She had had enough with this treatment, but she was powerless to make things better for her. 
"I am the Serafim, you should listen to me more and I told you to leave!" Abby said through her gritted teeth. 
"My apology, Serafim, but the elders said..." 
"What the elders said that make you defied her?" Iris suddenly appeared from behind the curtain, she walked out and immediately Eron and Dyne were by her side. 
The warriors didn’t know about Iris’s pregnancy, but the alpha had made it very clear that if he found a single scratch on his mate, there would be a heavy punishment for them, coupled with how murderous the alpha looked like when he said that, none of them dared to put down their guard. 
"You should know your place better to refuse a direct order," Iris said, as she walked toward Abby. "This conversation is a private matter, you should back off." 
James didn’t seem happy with Iris’s interference, but he was alone in the werewolf’s ground and there were no less than twenty warriors near the tent. 
"Luna Iris, you don’t know the rule in our Holy Kingdom, but I supposed to stay with the Serafim." James then added his next word in Andel language, thinking no one knew that language here. "Especially when she is with untrustworthy people." 
Abby glared at James, but before she could say something to scold him, Iris already talked. 
"And here, is not Andelus Continent, neither it is Holy Kingdom," Iris replied in Andel language too, after all she was fluent in that language, when she learned it, it came so easy to her. "If you wanted to apply your rule, do it in your own land, because here, is obviously not." 
James’s face fell when he heard Iris talked in his language. He didn’t have any idea that the luna was able to speak in it. 
But, before he could say something else, Iris had turned around and ordered the warriors around the tent with cold voice. 
"Only Serafim Abby is allowed to enter the tent, if she came with someone else, I will not receive them." 
After saying that, Iris didn’t wait, she went to her tent and continue her breakfast with Cane and Lou. 
Meanwhile, what Iris did earlier might only last for a minute, but the way she humiliated James would be a story among the warriors for the next few weeks. They felt so proud of their luna! 
Eron and Dyne even couldn’t help, but chuckled and the rest of the warriors had their wolfish grin curled on their lips. 
They didn’t know what Iris and James were saying, but from the look on the knight’s face, it safe to say their luna had slapped him so hard on the face. 
They really wanted to brag about this! 
"Serafim." James tried to stop Abby again when she was about to enter the tent and the other warrior blocked him. 
"You heard what she said and knew very well this meeting is important. Or, should we go back and piss the luna off? Can you shoulder the consequences?"
###Chapter 886: I WILL TELL YOU EVERYTHING ABOUT REI
Chapter 886: I WILL TELL YOU EVERYTHING ABOUT REI
The elders had emphasized the importance of this meeting and for Abby to persuade Iris, so she could help them to take down the shield, but they placed James next to Abby also because they wanted there was someone, who would be able to tell her not to discuss anything beyond the matter at hand. 
For some reason, they seemed to sense that Abby was going to rebel against them, thus they dug their claw deeper on her. 
"Can you?" Abby asked James, her voice was cold and detach. "You know how important this meeting is." 
James was tongue tied and when Abby continued to enter the tent, he couldn’t go through the warriors, who blocked his way from approaching the Serafim. 
"Back off. This is not your place." Eron glared at him. 
"This is not the place where your elders have a say," Dyne chimed in. 
In the end, having no way to go through the warrior, James backed away. He returned to report this to the elders. 
Meanwhile, Abby was having a conversation with the three of them. 
Once Abby was inside the tent, she was surprised to see Lou was also there. She thought it would only be the alpha and the luna. 
"He is..." Abby was a little bit awkward. 
"I am Lou, I think you already know that." Lou smiled beautifully at the Serafim. 
"I know your name." 
"Oh, okay." 
"I meant... why are you here?" 
"Why not?" 
Iris put down her fork. "It’s okay, I will explain about him later." 
"Drink this." Cane poured her a glass of water and handed it to her. He then asked someone to clean up the table. 
"But, I am not yet done eating!" Lou protested, yet he gave up his meal, knowing this would be a serious discussion. 
At first, the situation was awkward, as no one initiated the conversation. Abby then cleared her throat, knowing she should be the one, who explained her situation first. 
"First of all, I thank you for being able to get me out of the tent. I know this is not an easy thing to do to persuade the elders." Abby misunderstood, because Cane only gave alpha Dandolf a hint and aside from kept giving an excuse that Iris was sick, he didn’t do much. "I want to know if you took my offer?" 
Iris had talked about this with Cane the night before. "What kind of protection do you need? To what extend do you need the protection from us? Because I don’t want to cause another war between the Holy Kingdom and us after this one." 
It would be too much if they had to handle war after war, therefore, they had to tread this matter carefully, after all, the Serafim was the heart of the Holy Kingdom.
The Serafim would be the Serafim even without the support of the Holy Kingdom, since it was their divine power that defined them, but the Holy Kingdom without the Serafim would lose their cause. 
Abby pressed her lips. The words were so hard to say. "I want you to step up and claim the position." 
It was very heavy to ask Iris to take her place when her whole life, she only knew this life of how to be a great Serafim. She lived her life like that. Being Serafim was her whole identity and when she gave it up, she was not sure what she was or who she became. 
Or even if she meant anything... 
"I want you to protect me and the baby," Abby said. 
"From what? Or who?" Iris could sympathize with Abby, because she was having her own baby too and she knew how it felt like to be very desperate to protect your love one, but then just like Abby, Iris had people she wanted to protect and their interest could clash, causing more trouble on her end. 
"You are surrounded by people from the Holy kingdom. The threat couldn’t be coming from your people, right?" Lou chimed in. 
Abby felt uncomfortable with the merchant, but because the luna and the alpha allowed him to be here, she didn’t have other option. 
"I feel Elder Rose is still having this kind of thought that the baby is not a good idea." 
"She is your mother, right? She wanted to get rid of her own grandchild?" Lou raised his brows. "What an interesting revelation. There is nothing holy in this realm, even the Holy Kingdom is dirtier than the tip of my shoes." 
Abby gave Lou a disapproving look, she took offense, but chose not to talk about it further. 
"Why do you think it will solve your problem if I became the Serafim? I don’t think people in the Holy Kingdom would accept me with opened arms." 
"As a Serafim you held power, you can control the knights in the Holy Kingdom, it will give you advantage that you need." 
Lou laughed to hear that. "You can’t even tell a knight to back off, what kind of power are you talking about here?" 
Abby’s face turned red, while Lou continued to laugh, despite Iris kicked his leg under the table, the merchant didn’t care much. 
"Don’t you think you ask too much, while there is nothing real that you can offer?" Lou still couldn’t accept the fact that there was some point, where this woman had the audacity to claim Iris’s hardwork as hers. 
Meanwhile, Cane said nothing, he simply watched how everything would unfold. He had his own plan for the Holy Kingdom’s people, but for now he would see what he could gain from the deal between Iris and Abby. 
"Tell me about Rei and I will see what I can do to help you and the baby." 
Abby shook her head. "Please, protect Cedric and Liam too." 
Lou scrunched his nose in disdain. "Do you have a list of people you wanted to shelter? Seriously, you are being too much." 
"I will tell you everything about Rei."
###Chapter 887: REI’S INTENTION
Chapter 887: REI’S INTENTION
"You are not in the position to make a demand from me, Abby," Iris said clearly. "I don’t see you as my enemy, but I will put people that I cared the most first. So, let’s hear what can you offer to me before I make a decision and put my people in danger, or you can ask for someone else’s help." 
"I need a guarantee that you will protect us." Abby didn’t budge, but so did Iris. 
"I can’t give you the guarantee that you wanted." Iris’s voice was steady, she looked like she knew what she was doing right now and she refused to make a promise for anything. 
This was very subtle, but the two men in this tent could understand the message behind it. Iris gently said that a beggar couldn’t choose. 
"But, I know how it felt to lose someone the precious to you and I don’t wish that kind of pain upon someone else." Iris didn’t try to convince Abby, but she chose to sympathize with her by using her painful experience. The luna didn’t reach her by logic, but she touched her emotion. 
In the end, Abby knew he didn’t have any other option and this was already very generous of Iris giving to the history between them. The luna could have turned her back and leave her, after all, this issue had nothing to do with her. 
This was only Abby’s selfishness and her recklessness that brought her to this predicament and endanger Liam and Cedric’s lives. 
"Rei is... a spirit." Abby bit her lip, it was clear to see it was hard for her to divulge this top secret of the Holy Kingdom. Only a handful of people, who knew about this, including her because she was the Serafim. This knowledge was being passed down from the Serafim to the next one. "He is a holy spirit." 
But, in Abby’s case, she learned this secret information from Elder Xarex. Because Elder Rose kept postponing the lesson and she openly looked reluctant to teach her about it. 
"Why? Why she is reluctant." Lou frowned. "If that’s the norm, there is no way for her to break the rule." 
Cane’s decision was right to allow the merchant to be here in this discussion, because both Iris and Cane didn’t need to ask anything, since Lou would voice out the question for them. 
"I don’t know. I am not sure about the reason, but when Elder Xarex learned about it, he was very angry and have a long meeting with Elder Rose and after that, the next day it was him, who taught me about this secret." 
"And the secret is; this Rei is a spirit? A holy one? Holy my ass, he reeks of black magic." Lou scoffed, he didn’t even try to hide his disdain and mockery. 
But then, the three of them immediately noticed that Abby didn’t seem to be surprised when she heard what Lou said, she didn’t even try to refute that. 
And when Lou asked, she indeed confirmed his statement. 
"Yes, he is using black magic to preserve his life for over five hundred years. He was the first Serafim’s protector and he always believed the first Serafim will come back to life and he is still here to protect her." Lilac then looked at Iris. "But, people always thought that was a metaphor. They thought, what he meant was the Serafim, yet he had never taken any interest in the Serafim. Because of what he believed, his faction is called as the pure faction." 
"I don’t understand, if people knew he is using black magic, especially inside the Holy Kingdom, why didn’t they get rid of him?" Lou crossed his arms in front of his chest, he was very invested in this story. 
Abby pressed her lips, her first instinct was to not tell them anything, but then she had to remind herself over and over again the reason why she was here. "Because he is the founder of the Holy Kingdom. He is the one, who had created the system in the Holy Kingdom and taught our magic users of how to use their magic efficiently. He is the history of the Holy Kingdom itself." 
People might know about the elders and the Serafim, but the true ruler was Rei. He controlled everything from the dark, even though he and Elder Xarex was not in a really good term, but Elder Xarex couldn’t completely dismiss him. 
"Wah... really, your place is really full of a hypocrite." Lou counted it with his fingers. "People who claimed they hated black magic, but actually sheltered one. The Holy Kingdom that is well known by people for getting rid of any traces of black magic and black magic users, is actually teaching black magic. Elders, who hated a lycan so much because it’s a cursed creature, but actually was being controlled by a cursed creature too. A mother, who doesn’t want her daughter because she is a Serafim and a Serafim, who breached the rule and got pregnant by man, who supposed not to be her partner." Lou blinked his eyes innocently when Abby glared viciously at him. "Did I miss something here?" 
"Every place has their own secret." Abby looked defensive. She still saw the three of them as an outsider and it was her responsibility to stand up for the Holy Kingdom’s name. "This kingdom is not pure either. The way shifters live and how this kingdom runs is not noble too, it is not something that you would be proud of." 
Lou laughed his head off, which made Iris kicked his leg again. 
"I am sorry, I am sorry," Lou said, wiping his tears, as he tried to stop laughing. "Everyone in this realm knows how shitty this kingdom is, especially with their way with women and how they emphasized their power to the minor. Treachery, slavery, rapes, you named it and you will find them all here." Lou grinned. "But, at the very least, people knew that and no one will call themselves as ’holy’." 
Abby felt humiliated. It was her instinct to defend the Holy Kingdom. 
"What Rei wanted with the first Serafim?" Cane finally asked because Lou was having fun to ridicule Abby when it was not their main discussion. 
Abby gave Lou one last glare before she focused on Cane’s question. "He always said that he will serve the first Serafim and protected her. Aside from all the scriptures that he wrote about Decratic’s resurrection, he said the first Serafim would be the one, who killed Decratic." 
"The scriptures were written by him?" Iris asked with a surprise. 
"Yes. All the scriptures in the Holy Kingdom were written by him. He also wrote some of black magic too." 
"What he meant by serving the first Serafim?" Cane narrowed his eyes. 
"I think he is going to continue his duty as the first Serafim’s protector. He is not a threat for you and I think he will be able to help." Abby fiddled with her fingers, she was being restless. 
Despite what Abby said, Iris and Cane didn’t feel that way. 
"What are you hiding? There is something that you didn’t tell us, right?"
###Chapter 888: THE DARK SIDE OF REI
Chapter 888: THE DARK SIDE OF REI
Iris remembered Abby’s reaction when she asked about Rei the first time, she looked terrified, as if there was a big, dangerous secret there, but what she told them just now it felt so shallow. Yes, that was also a big secret to know about the dark magic within the Holy Kingdom, but then it was not something crucial. 
If that was the only secret, then Abby’s reaction at that time didn’t make any sense. She looked horrified and didn’t want to talk about it at all. It was not just a secret. 
"You are trying to hide something. That’s not the secret." Iris stared at Abby closely. "You always give us a piece of information and then another piece when you are being cornered and then another piece. We don’t want your crumbs of information. You are here to ask for our help, but if you don’t even trust us, you better leave." Iris reminded her about her intention to come here in the first place and why they were having this conversation. 
Lou stopped laughing and narrowed his eyes at Abby, he looked annoyed and Cane was still quiet, the alpha watched how everything unfolded and silently created his own place for this matter. 
"I am not." Abby didn’t look convincing when she denied it, even she could hear it herself. 
Iris didn’t talk anymore and stood up. "I am tired. I thank you for your information and let see what we can do to help you." 
And that was it, Iris didn’t even try to persuade Abby anymore, she simply stood up and was about to enter the other room that was parted by a curtain inside this tent, but all of sudden Abby stood up too and she looked like she was being torn. 
"I told you that Rei is a Holy Spirit. People in the Holy Kingdom, who knew about him thinking like that. They look up to him and respect him so much because he was the first Serafim’s protector, but..." Abby bit her lip, she picked on her fingers again. This was very hard for her to reveal this. 
Iris turned around, she waited for what Abby was going to say. 
"Can you stop wasting our time and start talking? You are really annoying," Lou scoffed. "If you asked a big favor, at least, gave the same value to us." 
Meanwhile, Cane was still quiet, but he saw the way Abby picked on her fingers and how they started bleeding. 
"There is a ritual." Abby was shaking. "Rei always has this ritual with the Serafim." 
"What ritual?" Lou narrowed his eyes and bent his body forward, interested to know more about this person. He needed to know his opponent, especially when this person wanted to take his woman away. Well, he was her protector, right? It was only right for him if he got her out of harm way. 
"It is black magic... something that you have never heard before." Abby was visibly trembling now and Iris came to her and let her sit down. 
"What is it with the ritual?" Iris asked, she sat down next to her. 
Abby took her time to gather her courage to let outsider knew about this. She caressed her stomach unconsciously and Iris saw that gesture. She felt sorry for Abby and everything that she had to go through. 
Living a life where you have to constantly prove your value while other only gave you a disappointed look because you didn’t meet their high expectation was the worst way to live. Abby was raised as a Serafim and now she had to betray them. It was not an easy decision to make. 
But nevertheless, she had to choose, which one was more important for her. 
"There is a sacrifice for this ritual. Rei would take a young man above sixteen years old as his new vessel when his current body decayed." Abby looked at Cane. "The same thing happened to you, alpha. You are the vessel for the lycan." 
After Haco, the lycan took Cane as his vessel. 
"But, I am sure his face was the same like when he was still with the first Serafim," Iris noted this. 
"Yes." Abby nodded. "I overheard the conversation between Elder Xarex and Elder Rose that this black magic Rei has been using to preserve his life in order to meet with the first Serafim again is actually not perfect. The perfect one will not require him to change his body over and over again. He also chose to preserve his own face because he wanted the first Serafim to recognize him. I think that was what they said about it." 
"So, how many times this ritual happened?" Lou asked. He had never heard about this kind of black magic before. 
"The body would grow old like normal human, unless the body was being wounded or injured badly. As far as I know, he would change his body every fifty years or so, or if something happened, he might change it faster." 
The pure faction was consisted by a small number of people, but they were the people that Rei trusted the most and held the real power within the Holy Kingdom. 
People might thing Serafim was the sole ruler for the Holy Kingdom and the elders were only her advisor, but the truth was; there were so many people above Abby, who controlled everything. 
"There is one more thing..." Abby gritted her teeth. She already told them almost everything, there was no way back for her right now. "Rei would take the Serafim’s daughter." 
"What do you mean?" Lou leaned over, opened his ears widely to be ready for this revelation. This was insane! But, he loved deepest and darkest secret! 
A Serafim couldn’t have any relationship with her protectors, because they were deemed as a low born and someone, who should be with the Serafim was a man that held power and from great bloodline. 
However, it was already common thing for the Serafim to hand over their newborn daughter to Rei until they were one year old. 
Nobody knew what Rei did to the baby, but he would always return the baby after one year had passed and it was only if the baby was a girl. During that time, the Serafim wouldn’t make a public appearance, outsider would think the baby was with the Serafim all this time, but in truth, the baby was with the pure faction. 
"Rei will always return the baby until..." Abby frowned. "Elder Rose’s second daughter... Rei didn’t return Elder Rose’s second daughter. Only the elders and the previous one, who knew about Elder Rose’s second pregnancy, because from what I learned, Elder Rose was having an affair with her protector and being pregnant because of that. I couldn’t confirm this, because I read it on her record without anyone knew it." 
Abby was curious about whether or not Elder Rose was her mother, since she treated her very different with Gabriel, therefore she secretly read her book record and found this information. 
"Rei never returned the second baby to Elder Rose. People only knew Elder Rose has two daughters, but in truth, she has three daughters."
###Chapter 889: THE SECOND DAUGHTER
Chapter 889: THE SECOND DAUGHTER
The second daughter of Elder Rose was only two years younger than Gabriel and because only a handful of people, who knew about her existence, thus when Rei didn’t return the second baby, no one made a fuss. There was no rumor about it as well, everyone involved, sealed their mouth and said nothing about this matter. 
And for Elder Rose, it seemed, what happened to her second baby left a huge trauma on her, since she couldn’t confide this matter to anyone and she had to swallow her bitterness and grievances of losing her baby alone, especially when this baby was conceived out of love, not duty. 
A mother, who lost their baby would understand what kind of hell that Elder Rose had to go through alone, therefore when she was being pregnant again in her not so young age, she detached herself from the baby instinctively, afraid the same thing happened again. 
But, after one year, Rei returned the baby and said she was the next Serafim. That was it. There was no answer for whereabout of her second daughter or what happened to her. 
"I didn’t know much. That’s the only information that I can read in her record." Of course, the third baby was Abby. Rei returned Abby to Elder Rose, but the latter had detached herself, so much so, she didn’t even think Abby as her daughter. 
"What the relationship between Rei and Elder Dandolf?" Cane finally opened his mouth and asked about the thing that kept bothering him. 
Abby was thinking about it for a while. "Elder Dandolf and Elder Rania are part of pure faction." 
It did make sense now about why Elder Dandolf communicated with Rei. "Do you know Rei is on his way here?" 
"What? Rei? No way. The last time I learned about him, he was badly injured because of something a few months ago and he did ’the ritual’." Abby felt uncomfortable to disclose this information, after all, Rei’s health was not something you could discuss with anyone, especially about the ritual. 
Just because Abby was the Serafim, she had the privilege to access such knowledge. 
"No. He will arrive within this week. If things went smoothly for him, he would be here in two to three days." Lou was the one, who told her that. 
"No way." Abby frowned, from her reaction, it was clear that she didn’t like this Rei man as well. "What he is doing here?" Abby was clueless, but Cane and Lou had a few ideas about the reason why Rei came. 
Lou glanced at Cane and got the gist how the alpha wanted to play this out. "That’s the same question we want to ask you." He feigned ignorance. "Why did he come here? Will he help with Decratic?" 
Abby gave some thought about it. "I guess so." She bit her lip nervously. "He must have received the map to the Great Shrine and had learned about your existence." Abby looked at Iris. "I don’t think this is surprising. He must have learned about the first Serafim’s life essence within you, after all, you said it yourself that you met him before and because his intention is always to dedicate his life to the first Serafim, it’s only right if he came here to protect you when we fight Decratic." 
That logic made sense, but Cane and Lou knew more than that. Rei’s motive to come here was deeper than that. 
After talking about a few things more, Abby’s only demand was to keep her baby and her two protectors safe and after some discussion, their only solution right now was; for them to leave Holy Kingdom and never return to Andelus continent.
"Let’s think about more solution for this," Iris said. "I am sure, we will figure out something better later on." 
And with that, Abby was about to leave the tent, but she stopped at the exit and turned around to face Iris. "What are you going to do with the protection around Winter Moon pack? Will you take it down?" 
The reason Abby was here, was to convince Iris to take down the protection shield, therefore, Abby needed an answer for this. 
However, it was Cane, who answered that. "Tell them to gather around the protection shield in two days." 
Iris and Lou looked at Cane with a questioning look, but because Abby was still here, they didn’t ask him anything. 
Abby frowned, but then nodded. "Okay. I will tell them about it." She needed to tell Elder Rose and Elder Xarex too about the arrival of Rei. 
Yet, Cane stopped her. "Don’t say anything about Rei’s arrival." 
"Why?" 
"Just do as you have been told," Lou chimed in. He didn’t like this woman and he wouldn’t sugarcoat his word to someone he didn’t like. 
Abby threw him a dagger look before she nodded and then left the tent. 
"Why she couldn’t tell the elders about Rei? It seems, aside from Elder Dandolf, no one else knew about his arrival." Lou barraged Cane with question. "And what are you going to do with the protection shield? Are you going to make Iris to take it down? As her protector I ed that. You have made her pregnant, at the very least, you need to think of her first." 
"I think because if the Elders learned about Rei’s arrival, they will question us about how we knew about it and Elder Dandolf will be alerted that we knew too much." Iris tilted her head at her mate. "Is that right? How do you know about his arrival?" 
Cane smiled at his mate and kissed her cheek, making the corner of Lou’s mouth twitched. "Brilliant," he said gently. 
"Can you stop with that? I am still here." 
The alpha ignored Lou’s rambles, as he used black wisp to fish out a letter from his pocket and put it on the table in front of Iris. 
"We interfered with the letter between Rei and Elder Dandolf." 
"I was the one, who interfered the letter." Lou corrected Cane, he then sat down next to Iris. "You can’t just touch it, this letter laces with black magic, come, I will open it for you." Yet, Iris already touched it and Lou was about to freak out because she touched it with barehand. "What are you doing?! You can hurt yourself!" 
But, Iris stared at him innocently, while opening the letter casually. "What is it?" 
Lou stared at her hand. She was fine. There was no burning scar or anything and if he observed it closely, he would be able to tell that the black magic had been purified. 
"Stupid me," Lou grumbled. He was worried for nothing. It seemed, he was the only one, who struggled to open the letter. 
While Cane could neutralize the black magic by using the black wisp, Iris could purify it completely by only touching it and Lou, he had to exhaust himself only to read it. 
Iris opened the letter and the crease between her brows deepened. She clenched her jaws tightly and when she was done reading it, she looked at Cane and Lou. "What is this? Is he really going to do this? What should we do now?"
###Chapter 890: CANE’S METICULOUS PLAN
Chapter 890: CANE’S METICULOUS PLAN
In the letter, it was mentioned about the annulment of Abby as the Serafim and for Iris to claim the position. It also mentioned about another thing, such a plan that they had, but there was no detail about it in this letter. 
Abby had asked the same thing to Iris, for her to claim the position as the Serafim, but with this letter and they figured out that was the same plan that Rei had for Iris, there was no way it would be a good thing for her to go through with it. 
In the letter, it also mentioned about whether or not Elder Dandolf had everything prepared. 
"What do you think he is going to do?" Iris furrowed her brows, her blue eyes sharper, as she touched her belly. She remembered what Abby said earlier about what Rei would do to every Serafim’s daughter. 
If she became a Serafim, Rei would definitely dig his claw on Iris and force the Holy Kingdom’s rule on her. 
Once you finished reading this letter and heard what Abby said about Rei, you would be able to see this plan as clear as day. 
"He will not be able to do anything to you," Lou said. "You have the whole southern pack in your mate’s disposal." Lou looked at Cane. "And I am sure he will not stop there. I am very certain that his aim is the throne." The merchant talked to Iris as if Cane was not there. "There is nothing to be worried about." 
Iris didn’t say anything, she was very quiet. When it came to that, she was sure it would be another problem that waited for them after they were done with Decratic. Even if they won this war, there would be a threat of another war that hang above their head with the appearance of Rei. 
If Decratic was pure evil, then Rei was filled with a lot of manipulation. He had lived for over than five centuries and he was the one, who literally had built the Holy Kingdom and controlled everything from the shadow. 
It would be a tricky situation with a lot of schemes laid before them. 
And that would be their future if they had to face Rei. 
Later that night when they laid down side by side on the bed and the sky had turned so dark, Iris stared at Cane’s sleeping face. He looked very tired, because there were a lot of things he had to do. 
Cane also had not yet told them about his plan with the protection shield, he only told her and Lou to wait for two days. 
"This must be a lot for you," Iris whispered. She hoped, she could be smarter and was able to help Cane to think of a solution, or at least, came up with a brilliant idea to save the situation. 
From the corner of her eyes, she saw her two little lights. While the other floated around energetically, the other rested on Cane’s shoulder and this brought smile to Iris’s lips. She promised to do everything she could to protect them and stood by Cane’s side throughout everything life threw at them. 
"Is there something you want to eat?" Cane suddenly asked, he opened his eyes, still looked sleepy, but he must have sensed that iris had not yet slept. 
Iris smiled beautifully. She liked this look on him when he was being sleepy and less intimidating. "No. I don’t want anything, I only want you." She pulled her up to kiss his lips and Cane put his hand behind her head to deepen their kiss. 
Two days later, everyone gathered around the protection shield, all the warriors and knights also the magic users were ready to charge forward once the protection was broken. 
But above anything else, they wondered how the luna would do it, since hundred of magic users coupled with Elder Rose couldn’t have done it. 
Everyone still assumed Iris would be the one, who would do it, even she had prepared herself, but Cane kept saying to her that was not necessary for her to get involved in this matter. 
"After so long, finally there is some progress." Kian glanced at Lou, who was standing next to the luna. It had been so long ever since the last time he talked with Nala and even when she went to Diandem pack with Sabian, he still couldn’t have a conversation with her. That woman seemed to avoid him and choose to be the merchant’s woman. 
Somehow, Kian knew that he was being used to get information about the luna and when he didn’t give in, Nala stopped her attempt to be with him. It was very obvious... 
"I think the alpha is only taking his time." Zephyr glanced at Cane, who was talking with Elder Xarex. "If the idea came from alpha Cane, I am sure he will make the most of it." There was no doubt for that. 
On the other hand, Iris was talking with Lou. The two of them stood side by side at the back, along with the other magic users. Not too far from them, they could see Abby, Liam, Cedric and her other three holy knights. 
But aside from exchanging glance, they didn’t speak with each other. 
"Are you sure Cane didn’t need you to break down the protection shield?" Lou crossed his arms in front of his chest. "What he is going to do? Is he going to break it down himself?" 
Iris couldn’t answer that, because she didn’t have any idea about it either. 
But soon enough they figured out what Cane had been planning and Lou was dumbstruck for not being able to thing of that way when the answer was right before his eyes. 
"He is insane! Do you think he will be able to pull it through?!" Lou asked Iris, who was as clueless as him. 
Cane’s plan was rather simple, his problem was how to convince the elders, since they were extremely reluctant to let the lycan played any part in this. They would feel like they owed the lycan and in was kind of debt with this cursed creature. 
However, Cane let them chose. Whether he would do it, or they could try to use more magic stone and magic users to break it down, since Cane was strongly against the idea to use his mate to do the job. He didn’t say the reason, neither he let them knew about Iris’s pregnancy. 
"I am sure he will," Iris replied. If Cane had made a decision, he must have thought about it countless time. 
Lou scoffed. "I think you will always believe him, even when he said he can split the ocean." The merchant was not happy with Iris’s blind trust in Cane. 
"Maybe," Iris chuckled. 
Soon after all the preparation was completed, Cane stood in front of the protection shield and he let out the black wisp. 
The black wisp emanated from his body like a burst of broken dam, covered a huge area and turned the bright sky into darkness. The lycan had recovered well. 
"Holy shit..." Lou cursed under his breath. "Is he really this powerful?"
###Chapter 891: AN EASY VICTORY
Chapter 891: AN EASY VICTORY
The solution was there, but it just clicked in Cane’s mind when he prevented Lou from using his magic by restraining him with the black wisp from the lycan. 
Just like how it worked with the letter from Rei that was sealed by black magic, by using the black wisp, Cane also was able to neutralize the black magic that was used to create this barrier around Winter Moon pack. 
The shield was still there, but the black wisp neutralized a huge part of the black magic and allowed the warriors, knights and the magic users to go through it. It didn’t matter how strong the protection shield was, because once the magic users, who created it died, it would disappear too. 
And with the black wisp neutralized the black magic, they finally could really start this war. 
Everyone was very excited that they finally found a solution and could go forward with the plan, instead of wasting their time, waiting for the other party to attack first. 
More so, this attack came as a surprise, since Kellan and the other people in Winter Moon pack still believed, their protection was unbreakable. In a way, that was right. Cane didn’t break the protection, he just created a gap for his people to enter. 
"He is insane. How he can figure that out?" Lou hated to admit it, but he was in awe. He also was not aware that Cane managed to learn about this ability thanked to him. The merchant would die of annoyance if he knew about it. 
"What are you doing here?" Zephyr looked at Lou with a frown. "Wait, aren’t you supposed to lead the magic users in the attack? What are you doing here?" 
Lou spared Zephyr a glance. He was wearing his proud red cloak and scoffed smugly. "I am here to protect the luna." 
"Yes, me too," Zale chimed in, he appeared out of nowhere and stood behind Iris, which made Lou clicked his tongue. He was not happy with the sight of this brat. 
Lil Thing joined them too, the white bear walked lazily toward Iris and nudged her hand, asking to be scratched behind its ear. 
The five warriors scrunched their nose. 
"What do you take us for?" Otis protested. 
However, all of their protest fell into deaf ears, while Iris glanced at Abby. She looked pale and nervous. She kept picking on her finger and Liam grabbed her hand to stop her habit. 
Iris didn’t know what happened with Abby and the elders, but from the look of it, thing didn’t go well at her end. 
In the distance, you could hear the clamoring sound of the fight and gradually the protection shield that covered the whole Winter Moon pack disappeared as the magic users, who had created it died during the battle. It was a good sign. 
But, the battle ended rather fast than they predicted. 
Iris, Abby and their protector were standing at the safe distance, watching everything unfolded. Even when they were not shifter, they could smell the thick metallic scent of blood in the air and this was nauseating. 
At some point, Eron asked Iris if she wanted to return to the tent, but she refused, she wanted to stand there and watch, just in case she was needed. 
Thankfully, there was nothing major happened, they could take over Winter Moon pack rather smoothly after they managed to enter it. 
"Most of the warriors and Decratic’s followers had retreated, only around fifty magic users stayed there to sustain the protection shield," Cane told Iris when he returned. It was already dawn when they managed to clear the area and capture the magic users or killed them if they tried to fight back. "Tonight stay in the tent, we will move to their pack house, once they have cleaned it up." 
Cane cupped her face between his palms and was not happy when he felt how cold she was. 
"You shouldn’t be out at this hour," Cane said, as he grabbed her hand and took her back to the tent. "Is there something you want to eat? Golden Seed fruit?" 
Iris laughed. "No. I don’t want to eat anything. I just want to be with you." She attempted to hug Cane, but he avoided her. 
"I reek of dirt and blood, stay inside. I have called Hanna and Amee to accompany you. I will clean myself first." Cane kissed both of her cheeks, but then he asked in a whispery tone. "How are the little lights?" 
The smile on Iris’s face was so bright, it could lighten up the entire tent. "They are fine, but I think one of the babies is so timid, one of the lights used to rest on your shoulder." Iris pointed at Cane’s right shoulder, while the other light would bounce everywhere. 
Outside, golden color of the sun painted the sky. It was a new day and it started with a great news that they managed to get a control over Winter Moon pack without losing their people. 
It was an easy victory, which left a bad taste in Cane’s mouth, because it supposed to be not this easy, unless Decratic and his people had something under their sleeves. 
This was what Cane was worried about when he cleaned himself at the river. He didn’t want to be near his pregnant mate with blood in his hand and clothes. 
However, he caught her scent. 
"Iris?" Cane turned around when he smelled her scent and saw his beautiful mate walked toward the river with clothes in her hands. "You shouldn’t be here." 
"You forgot your clean clothes," Iris said, as she approached him. Cane had left her with Hanna and Amee, but she wanted her mate. "Don’t worry, Eron and the others are nearby, I didn’t come alone, but I told them to keep a distance from the river." 
Well, the luna and the alpha were in good term and now they were in the situation, which required one to be naked, the five warriors wouldn’t be so bold to step closer even without Iris’s warning. 
"You need to rest." Cane’s eyes darkened when Iris approached the river. She looked so sweet and beautiful under the first light of the sun, her auburn hair fluttered in the wind, which made Cane had this urge to run his fingers to comb her soft curls. 
"I will, but I think I want to clean myself first. I was so worried about you and the other that I ended up waiting for your return the whole day yesterday." Cane didn’t seem happy to hear that. He would have a ’friendly’ talk with Lou after this. 
The merchant insisted to stay behind to protect Iris, but he allowed her to stand the whole day? That’s ridiculous. 
However, Cane failed to understand that Iris was very stubborn once she determined to do something and it was only with him that she would relent. 
"Do you want me to help you?" Iris asked. 
Cane clenched his jaw. "Yes, but you need to undress, if you wanted to help me." 
And Cane watched how his mate undress herself in front of him... 
Later that day, Rei arrived.
###Chapter 892: SMALL ENTOURAGE FROM HOLY KINGDOM
Chapter 892: SMALL ENTOURAGE FROM HOLY KINGDOM
Cane chuckled when he thought his mate was getting bold with him to get undressed in front of him, but once she was naked, she used her long hair to cover herself. It seemed, Iris got a second thought and was too embarrassed to go through with this trick in front of him. 
She blushed, even her chest turned red. 
"Come here," Cane said when Iris was considering to put her dress again. He stretched out his hand and helped her to get into the water. She felt so right in his arms, every curve on her body were perfect. "Where are you going? I thought you are trying to seduce me." 
Iris pursed her lips. That was the plan, but it didn’t turn out as she expected, because suddenly she felt embarrassed with her nakedness. 
"You think too much," Iris grumbled, but she allowed Cane to hold her. The water was not cold and the weather was rather warm, as the sunlight basked on their intertwined, naked body. She stared at her mate closely and found herself was in awe. Cane was beautiful. 
"Do I?" Cane leaned over and kissed her lips. He nibbled and nipped on her, as his hand caressed her bare back. He pressed his body against hers, so she would know how hard he was right now. Well, Iris didn’t completely fail to seduce him. In a matter of fact, she would never fail. 
Iris gasped when Cane squeezed her bottom, since she didn’t open her mouth and once the opportunity came, he plunged his tongue and ravished her. 
Iris couldn’t protest, because it was she, who lit the fire and now, it was only right for her to take responsibility of the flames. 
"Cane..." Iris moaned, she gasped for air and Cane traced down his lips against her neck, biting lightly on his mark. "It’s ticklish..." she giggled. 
Cane responded by lifting her body, he held her thighs and moved to the nearest rock to press her body against his. 
"Comfortable?" Cane asked in low voice, making sure she was not hurt and was fine with this position. 
"Hm..." Iris mewled in his arms, as she felt he entered her slowly... 
The blissful feeling they felt right now was something that they always loved whenever they were together. They were the salvation for each other in this chaotic world, the world that filled with nasty things, manipulation and schemes. 
"I love you, Cane..." Iris heart burst with pleasure when she came undone. 
Cane breathed heavily, as he came inside her. 
It was not sure how long they were on it or how many times they drew pleasure from each other, but once they were done, Iris was spent and she didn’t even get to help Cane to clean himself, instead it was him, who did it for her. 
Iris curled herself when Cane tucked her in, he carried her back to their tent after he dressed her and now, his little mate was satisfied. She even was too sleepy to pay attention to her surroundings. Hanna and Amee were still in the tent when Cane returned and the two of them gave the alpha and the luna a knowing look. 
Hanna was exceptionally happy because her missy and the alpha finally mended thing between them and their relationship had improved greatly, there was no mistake that the alpha loved her missy so much, watching how he dotted on her. 
"Look after her," Cane said and then left the tent because there were a bunch of things, he had to take care of, but when he stepped out, Jace approached him and informed him an entourage of Holy Kingdom was already here. 
"I think that person named Rei is inside one of the carriages." Jace informed Cane. From afar, they could see the commotion among the knights, as three carriages and people on the horsebacks entered their campsite. 
Rei. 
It had been a while, since they met each other and the last time Cane saw him was when Iris stabbed him. He hoped, Iris had stabbed him deeper and ended him. 
"What will you do?" Jace asked. 
"How is Redmond and Ethan?" Cane stared at the distance. He clenched his jaw, holding back his emotions. 
Decratic was the creature they should be worried about, but having your enemy within your people was not a good sign either. 
"Redmond marched with warrior from Blue Moon pack, they will be here in three to four days." Jace updated the alpha based on the last letter they received. "I just sent the letter to Ethan through the lizard, he and the merchants will sail from Crystal Moon pack’s harbor to Winter Moon, it will take them two to three days to reach us." 
"Where is Lou?" Cane asked the troublesome merchant next. 
"The last time I saw him, he was in his tent." 
Cane nodded. "Ask Aliana to stay with my mate and not to leave her alone no matter what." 
"Will do." Jace understood Cane’s worry. He had learned the threat that Rei carried with him also the letter about how the Holy Kingdom would annul Abby as the Serafim and claim Iris as the real one. 
There was no way in hell, Cane would allow him to do so, especially with their twisted norm of giving up the Serafim’s daughter to be taken care of for a year. 
Cane would absolutely weigh a war before they could touch his daughter, if one of the twins was a girl. 
However, Jace had not yet learned about Iris’s pregnancy so did her five warriors, only a handful people, who knew about this. Even Aliana didn’t dare to talk about Iris’s pregnancy carelessly. 
"Tell all the warriors to stay alert and avoid any provocation." Cane didn’t want them to use this contention to their advantage. 
They fought alongside each other to end the war with Decratic, but it didn’t mean they were on the same side. 
"Yes, alpha." 
And after that, Cane went to Lou’s tent only to find the merchant was sleeping. He stayed with Iris the whole time during the battle and now, he took his sweet time to nap. 
"Wake up," Cane said, he kicked his makeshift bed, but Lou only glanced at him sleepily. 
"Get away, I am tired. I need to sleep." Lou started to think to put a protection spell around his tent, so Cane wouldn’t be able to enter his private area without his permission. 
But then he remembered how he managed to neutralize the strong protection spell around Winter Moon pack, his spell would mean nothing for him. 
The merchant hated the alpha even more. 
"Wake up, there is something you need to do," Cane said, he kicked his makeshift bed again and this time, Lou threw away his blanket and sat down, he glared at Cane, he was thoroughly annoyed. 
"What?! What now?!" Lou glowered. "I will make one thing clear, I am not your pack member, don’t order me around!" 
However, right at that time, Dean entered the tent, knowing his alpha was there. 
"Alpha, you and sir Lou are expected to be in the strategy tent, people from the Holy Kingdom wanted to meet you both." 
"Heaven! My tent is not public area!"
###Chapter 893: THE PUNISHMENT IS DEATH
Chapter 893: THE PUNISHMENT IS DEATH
Cane had expected them to ask for this meeting, but the fact it happened right away after Rei arrived was pretty interesting. Why he was in hurry? 
Yet, the reason was very simple and Cane was only overthinking the whole thing, since he was trying to minimalize the mistake he might make. 
Decratic, the Holly Kingdom people, the Serafim, the Elders and now Rei. All of them were the people that Cane wished would stay away from his mate. 
"Where is luna Iris?" Rei asked after a brief introduction that was led by elder Xarex. 
"She is sleeping," Cane replied curtly. 
Aside from being more annoying, because he acted like this was their first encounter, Rei still looked the same; with his golden hair, green moss eyes and the appearance that look like he was only over twenty three years old, his steps were so light like feather, as if he was floating instead of walking. 
Cane really wanted to smash those feet. The sight of him alone already got on his nerves and his scent was very disgusting. The alpha could feel the lycan within him shared the same sentiment. 
"I would love to see her after so many incredible things she had done," Rei said with enthusiasm. 
His personality slightly changed. He felt off and more manipulative than the last time they met. Also, from what Iris told him, he was not like this when they met the first time. At that time, Iris described him as a quiet young man, who didn’t talk much. 
Cane wondered if every time he did the ritual, the person whose body he claimed would affect his personality too. 
"I can arrange your meeting with her, but you need to get in line, since there are so many people wanted to see her too," Lou chimed in, which made the elders were not happy about it, because the merchant had nothing to do with this. 
Rei focused on Lou, their eyes met and the former gave the latter harmless smile, which made Lou shuddered. 
"Please do," Rei replied, unbothered. "Now, can we discuss about how to handle Winter Moon pack after our success attack?" 
Rei didn’t look like he had any indication to acknowledge the meeting that happened months ago in the Goffa mountain and Cane chose to play along with it. 
============================= 
"Our?!" Lou blew his top after the meeting. "How he could keep saying ’our’ when he was not even there when the attack happened?!" 
"Talking about that, you were not there too when the attack happened," Jace quipped. "In that case, you are on the same boat with him." 
Hearing that, Lou gave the beta a nasty look, but he quickly regained his composure. "I did not join the attack because I have more important mission." 
"You can’t call sticking up with the luna when she was well protected as an important mission." Jace scrunched his nose at the merchant. 
Their meeting earlier purely only talking about what they would do next and surprisingly, Rei was cooperative enough to make things smooth. He agreed with some of Lou’s suggestion about what they would do next, while Cane kept it to himself. 
Most of the time, the alpha was silent, observing the situation and let Lou did the talking, since the merchant was already aware of what Cane’s plan was. Therefore, his suggestion aligned with Cane’s interest. 
For now, they were going to ’clean up’ Winter Moon pack and stayed in their pack house, while figuring out what they would do next. Their informant said Kellan and Decratic’s followers had rushed back to the Capital City and fortified themselves there, which meant Moon Dew pack and two packs in west kingdom were most likely deserted. 
"Cane?" Iris opened her eyes when Cane sat down on the bed next to her. "Everything is alright?" 
Iris must have known him much better now if she could tell that something was bothering him in one glance. She pushed herself up and rubbed her sleepy eyes. It was still afternoon, but she was sleepy. It seemed, her pregnancy started to show its sign. 
"Rei is here." If it was in the past, Cane wouldn’t have elaborated thing with her, but he had grown so much from his former self and saw Iris as someone that he could talk about anything, everything. 
Therefore, he told her about the meeting earlier. 
"Yes, I agreed with you. I think he has an ulterior motive, there is no way he came all the way here to find peace," Iris voiced out her opinion. 
Somehow, Cane loved to see how Iris furrowed her brows as she was deep in thought. When Iris immersed herself to find a solution in order to help Cane, the alpha was having a good time observing his mate. 
Cane stretched out his hand and smoothened the crease between her brows before he traced down to her nose and then to her earlobe, in which Iris swatted his hand away and lifted her head. 
"Why don’t you discuss this with alpha Cezi?" Iris suggested. Cezi had been very lowkey. He didn’t give any suggestion and simply followed Cane’s order all this time, it seemed, he still felt guilty for what happened. 
More so, what happened to his sister was still a great blow for him and his father. 
"What do you think he can help us with?" Cane didn’t pay close attention to Cezi too and rather neglected him. As long as he could use his warriors in this war, he was fine with it. 
Or maybe, Cane was only being petty after how strongly Cezi and Derick fought him and sided with Kellan before they knew the truth. 
"Capital city is directly adjacent to the Crescent Moon pack, maybe alpha Cezi can help find the best way to enter Capital City through their pack. What do you think?" Iris stared at Cane expectantly. 
Even though they worked together with the people from the Holy Kingdom, but sure enough they had to be a step ahead of them, since they were not truly an ally. 
Cane smiled at her idea. "You are very brilliant, love. Should I take you to a strategy meeting from now on?" 
Iris blushed to hear how Cane complimented her. It meant a lot for her. 
Later, Cane asked someone to call Cezi and he also asked Iris to be presence during his discussion with the alpha. There was Lou and Jace too. 
On the other hand, Abby was summoned by Rei. This was not a good sign because he called for Liam and Cedric to be there too. 
"So, I heard you are pregnant?" Rei asked, his voice was cold, it was very different from the way he talked in the meeting with Cane earlier. The atmosphere inside this tent was very depressing. 
"Yes, Rei," Abby replied. All of them used to address him with only his name, though he held the real power within the Holy Kingdom. 
Rei turned around, this time he faced Cedric. "So, it’s your baby? You know the consequences for this?" He walked closer toward Cedric, like a predator approaching its prey. "The punishment is death." 
After saying that, Rei slashed Cedric’s throat.
###Chapter 894: THE RULE HE CREATED
Chapter 894: THE RULE HE CREATED
It happened so fast, none of them saw this coming, especially when Rei’s movement was hard to catch with your eyes. 
There was a moment of silent because they were not sure whether it really happened when Cedric fell to the ground and gagged in his own blood that oozed out of his opened throat. 
Blood painted the floor of the tent and the smell of it permeated in this small room, it was very nauseating and Cedric fell to the floor, unable to comprehend what happened to him. His eyes opened wide, as if he couldn’t grasp the situation he was in right now. 
The heavy breathing sound that echoed in this tent was very sickening, it reminded you of an animal that was being slaughtered. 
"Arrghhh!!!" Abby screamed on the top of her lungs, she trembled to see this horrifying sight, but she was unable to take her eyes off the scene before her. 
Thankfully, Liam reacted very fast and hugged her, pressed her face against his chest to prevent Abby witnessing the mortifying death of their beloved friend. 
Meanwhile, Rei watched Cedric gagged and trembled before his body stayed still and the noisy sound that came from his mouth faded. The room finally engulfed in eerie silence. 
The only sound that you could hear was the noise from outside, where the knights talked with each other, some wondered why the Serafim was screaming, but obviously none of them dared to check, since this tent belonged to Rei. They respected him more than the elders, there was something about him that made people very reluctant to get on his bad side. 
"This is the punishment for breaking the rule," Rei said without feeling. He was the one, who created the rule. How could he stay still when someone trampled on it right under his nose? "What a pity. He was a good knight." 
Rei then shifted his attention toward Abby. His eyes were still very cold and intimidating, while Liam tried his best to shield her from this man. By standing like that alone, Rei’s presence screamed danger. 
"How far long you are?" Rei asked, his eyes glanced at Abby’s stomach and instinctively, she hugged her belly. 
"She is almost three months." It was Liam, who answered that for her, since she couldn’t utter a single word due to shock. 
"Three months..." Rei lamented. "Come here." He beckoned Abby with his finger to come closer to him. 
Cedric’s dead body was behind Abby, because Liam positioned her this way, so she didn’t need to see the gruesome sight of him. Liam gritted his teeth, as he watched Cedric was still bleeding profusely. His blood pooled on the floor. 
"Abby, I will not say this for the third time. Come here." 
Trembling, Abby let go of Liam, but he held her hand, was not sure of what to do, but she shook her head. Liam couldn’t go against Rei or else he would end up like Cedric and Abby couldn’t take more agony than this. 
Once Abby was in front of Rei, he placed his hand over her belly and closed his eyes, before he opened them again a few minutes later and murmured. 
"A girl." Rei looked at Abby straight in her eyes. "You know the rule." 
It was very clear. The unspoken rule was to give the baby to Rei for a year if she gave birth to a daughter. 
Abby wanted to scream and refuse that, but all she could muster was silence, while Liam clenched his hands into fists, trying his absolute best not to rush over and beg Rei not to do that. 
"Take his body away and you will come with me to discuss our next move," Rei said, he beckoned Abby to follow him out of the tent, while Liam cleaned up his ’mess’. 
Abby bit her lip, so hard she could taste her own blood and started picking on her fingers again, as she followed him, leaving Liam alone to take care of Cedric’s dead body. 
You wouldn’t be able to describe it with word for what Liam was feeling right now, but one feeling that was more prominent than the other was guilt. It supposed to be him, who died because the baby was his and Cedric simply didn’t explain himself when he was being accused of that to save him. 
Liam grabbed a blanket and covered Cedric’s body with it before he carried out of the tent and buried him in the nicest place he could find. 
Later that night when everyone started to move to Winter Moon pack and establish their base there, Iris was shocked to see something unusual. 
"No way... how could he?" Iris furrowed her brows when she saw him stood beside the carriage. 
"Luna?" Aliana looked around, poke her head out of the window, but she couldn’t find anything out of ordinary. "Who are you talking about?" 
Iris scrunched her brows and this made Aliana worried. They were on their way to Winter Moon pack, the alpha and the luna’s bedroom was ready, thus they didn’t need to stay in the tent again. 
"Stop the carriage, I need to go." 
"Where are you going?" Aliana was surprised with her sudden strange behavior. The alpha was not here, as he was with Jace, having yet another conversation with the elders and Rei. 
Iris asked the carriage to stop and once it stopped, she jumped out, startled the five warriors that gathered around the carriage in their beast form. Ever since Rei arrived they had been in their beast form, ready to jump into an action if something came up. 
But, it was Lou, who actually stopped her. "Where are you going?" He grabbed Iris’s arm right in time and Aliana sighed in relief because the merchant stopped the luna. 
"I need to go." 
"No, you can’t go. Your mate said that you need to be inside Winter Moon pack right away." 
Iris stared at Lou for a while, as if considering her option. "You can come with me too." 
"Okay, where do you want to go?" Lou changed his attitude in a blink of an eye, left Aliana speechless. 
"You shouldn’t be so capricious!" Aliana protested, but Lou actually escorted Iris to ride on Lil Thing’s back. 
"Well, you can stay here if you wanted," Lou replied to the frustrated Aliana, as he rode his horse to follow Iris, so did her five warriors. 
"Damn it!" Aliana cursed under her breath and shifted into her beast to follow them too, but there was this smaller beast that tailed behind them as well. 
They were not sure what Iris was going to do here, but she stopped Lil Thing under a big tree and asked the five warriors to dig the ground. 
"Back off everyone!" Lou said energetically. He folded his sleeves and stepped forward, smug smile on his lips. "I can do it faster than all of you." 
"Did he try to flex?" Eron whispered to Dyne. 
"Yeah, it’s more like him to flex." 
What Lou said was right, by using magic, he could do it faster, but what they found underneath was something that shook all of them, except Iris.
###Chapter 895: A CALM MAN
Chapter 895: A CALM MAN
"What?! What is going on?!" Otis widened his eyes in disbelieve when he saw the dead body underneath the ground after Lou dug it. Only then they could smell the blood. 
Aliana instinctively went to stand in front of Iris and cover her from the sight, while Zale craned his neck to see it, but he stumbled because Zephyr pulled him back, yet he managed to see what made them gasp in shock. 
"Luna... how?" Aliana couldn’t finish her word when Iris stepped aside and then walked toward Cedric’s dead body. 
"Iris, you shouldn’t see this," Lou said, he was about to pull her back, but she refused. Her next word surprised them. 
"He is still alive," Iris said calmly. She looked at Kian and Otis. "Pull him up." 
"What?" Lou was dumbstruck. "Are you sure? You are not thinking he will be like that crazy woman, who was being resurrected and became the pain in the ass, because she kept whining about not having that alpha, right?" 
"Her name is Aria," Kian stated in a matter of fact, because Lou’s description took so long. 
"Whatever." Lou brushed his hand nonchalantly. "Is he really... alive? You are not trying to resurrect him, right? It will be creepy." 
"I don’t have the power to do so," Iris replied, as she watched Otis and Kian pulled up Cedric’s body. Upon closer look, you would be able to see the cause of it. 
"Well, that’s a relief." 
"More so, he is not dead. Not yet." Iris crouched down next to Cedric’s body and stared at him closely, deep in thought. 
It was Otis, who confirmed what Iris said. "The luna is right. It’s faint, but I think I can feel his pulse. He is not yet dead." 
================================ 
"We are going to attack them as soon as possible, we can’t let Decratic to gain his strength. We need to attack him quickly and end this." Elder Xarex stared at the map in front of him that displayed the whole Ogregon continent. 
The north kingdom was already under Cane’s control and now they just had their hand on Winter Moon pack, with two harbor packs within their grasp, there was no way for Decratic’s follower to be able to join them again. 
Their focus right now was Moon Dew pack, after that, they would move to the west kingdom; Red Claw pack and Golden Light pack, only then they would reach the Capital City. 
For Celestial Moon pack, the place was located to the north of the capital, so the quickest way to get there was to pass through the Capital City or they have to pass through Untouched land that had never been passed before. 
"We need your luna for this." Rei lifted his head and looked at Cane with his innocent eyes, which made the alpha felt his blood boiled. 
"Why do you need her for?" Cane crossed his arms in front of his chest. He tried to be calm, but it was hard to do it when he knew this jerk aimed for his woman. 
"Just like how we are here already knew that the luna shared a special bond with Decratic, where they found balance with each other. We need to make sure she is in the right mind, because her negative emotion will give benefit to Decratic." 
Elder Dandolf chimed in. He used not to speak a word during the discussion, but right now he gave Cane a whole lecture to back up Rei’s statement. 
"Rei is right. This is indeed anomaly, but for luna Iris to have divine power like a Serafim and even more powerful than our current Serafim, it is safe to say that we know better how to handle her, since we have the experience to deal with divine power." 
Abby felt heart hurt so much to hear Elder Dandolf talked lightly about her incompetence, while praising Iris. The hardwork she put in her whole life meant nothing. Now, she started to feel resentful, but she didn’t know to whom she aimed her resentment to. 
On the other hand, hearing that Cane scoffed disdainfully, he didn’t even try to hide it. "’Handle her’?" His voice was dark. "’Deal with her’?" Those words irritated him so much. His mate was not someone that they could control. As if he would let them to try... 
"That’s not what I meant," Elder Dandolf unfazed. "You must have taken my word in wrong understanding." 
"’Her negative emotions will affect Decratic’ you said?" Cane didn’t even pay attention to what Elder Dandolf said, her eyes met with Rei’s green one. "The last time I saw you, you upset her to the point, she stabbed you. Have you forgotten about that?"
Rei wanted to play as if everything was well and nice, and their encountered in the Goffa mountain had never happened, at first, Cane wanted to observe what kind of game he was going to play, but now he had enough and he started to set his pace. 
"What? What do you mean with that?!" Elder Xarex raised his voice. "Watch what you said, alpha Cane!" 
"What you said? Are you really going to lie to my face that this is our first meeting and what happened in the Goffa mountain did not exist?" Cane leaned his body against the wall. This small strategy room filled with tension. 
Abby listened closely to this. She never knew that the two of them had met before and she was sure the other elders had never learned about this either. 
Now the card was laid in the open and Cane waited what Rei would decide and to his surprise, he admitted it lightly. 
"Yes, we have met before in the Goffa mountain, at the time when the previous king, king Aeon died during the monster attack." Rei smiled harmlessly at Cane. "I was there to save luna Iris because it looked like she was in trouble, but she was mistaken and stabbed me." His explanation was very concise and made sense. 
Aside from the fact how far that was from the truth. Cane knew that, so did Jace, but the rest were not there to witness and tell that it was a big lie. 
"I was in this continent because I was looking for the map, my informant said the map is in the Black Market. You must have known what map that I meant, because thanks to you we finally got the map back." Rei spoke smoothly, you wouldn’t be able to tell whether he was telling the truth or not. He didn’t even miss a beat. "Oh, I met with luna Iris in the Black Market too for the first time, did she tell you about that?" He admitted to that too, making Cane’s word sounded hollow. As if this was a trivial thing. 
However, before this conversation could escalate, Pax entered the room and whispered something to Cane’s ear. 
The alpha didn’t show any emotion, his expression was still the same, but he excused himself and let Jace to be in charge for this meeting. 
Yet, the moment he stepped out of the room and out of everyone’s sight, he shifted into his black beast.
###Chapter 896: CANE WAS WORRIED
Chapter 896: CANE WAS WORRIED
Pax immediately reported this matter to Cane, once he saw the luna went back to the campsite on Lil Thing’s back along with her warriors and the merchant. 
Cane didn’t show any sign that he received an important report when he left the strategy room, but Rei could tell it was something urgent that needed his attention, or else, he wouldn’t have left in the middle of their heated conversation without making a snarky remark to turn the table around. 
And there was only one thing that could make the alpha like that... 
"You can continue to discuss what we need to do going forward." Rei let Elder Xarex to lead the meeting, as he was ready to leave, but Jace stopped him. 
"We need your input about this. After all, you are the one, who have been leading the plan. It will be more convenience if you were here," Jace said, trying to stop him from going, because he knew where he would go. 
"You can do it without me, after all, I have given so much input, don’t you think that you need to contribute more? Don’t let them look down on the shifter because they could only follow order without their alpha," Rei replied calmly, but Jace tempted to claw his face when he heard that. 
It was not that Cane couldn’t come up with the idea, but knowing his alpha, he must have been observing his opponent before he decided what he was going to do. 
"Sometime, show some contributions will be nice," Rei said wisely, he patted Jace’s shoulder and then left before the beta could come up with something to retort. He was not really good with word. Ethan or Lou should be here instead to face such confrontation. 
And now, the beta was left with the three elders and Serafim Abby. 
Meanwhile, at the same time, Cane rushed toward the campsite, where he found his mate was a little bit further from their original location. She was surrounded with her warriors and Lou, there was Aliana and Zale too there. 
Cane said nothing, as he shifted back into his human form and marched toward his mate, his expression was hard to read, his eyes had turned a few shades darker. 
He had warned them to go straight to the pack house, but Pax reported to him that Iris had gone back to the campsite for the reason unknown, of course, this gave the alpha a little bit anxiety. 
"Alpha." 
All of them greeted him in unison, looked surprised to find the alpha was here, but then they looked scared because they knew they had done something wrong. They shouldn’t have let their luna to be here. 
However, Cane didn’t heed their greeting, his focus was on his mate only. 
"Cane?" Iris turned around and he saw blood in her hands, which made him hastened his pace and grabbed them to take a closer look. "Don’t worry, this is not my blood," Iris said, immediately understood his worry and then explained the situation. 
Only after Cane was convinced Iris was not hurt at all and the blood was not hers, he finally relax a bit and shifted his focus on Cedric’s body. Apparently, Grace was also there. Cane didn’t notice her before because he felt his blood ran cold with the sight of the blood in Iris’s hands. 
"Grace and I managed to preserve his life, but I am not sure what we are going to do now." Iris grimaced to see Cedric breathing weakly. "Nor do I know, who had done that to him." 
Cane had his own guess and it was not really difficult to deduct the culprit, but the motive behind it was something he couldn’t understand yet. 
"Stay here," Cane said to Iris and then approached Cedric to take a closer look at his wound on his neck. Grace stopped herself from bandaging his wound and let the alpha to see. "The wound was from dagger," Cane stated. "This is not our people." 
"If that’s not your people, it meant, they are Holy Kingdom’s?" Lou crouched down next to Cane. 
"Bring him to your room by using a portal. Make sure no one knew about this." 
"I don’t want to sleep with half dead person!" Lou protested, but when Iris asked the same thing, he could only bite his tongue. "I do it because of you, okay?" 
All of them there wondered how could the alpha stand Lou when he was being very obvious with his mate. 
"Let’s go back," Cane said. He grabbed Iris’s hand and then took her to the carriage Pax had brought with him. 
Inside the carriage, Cane didn’t say anything, but he started to clean up the blood from her hand and the blood that stained her dress. 
From the look of it, Iris could tell that Cane was rather upset. 
"Are you angry with me?" Iris asked, while Cane kept wiping her hands with wet towel. 
"I am not angry with you. I am worried." It was silly, but Cane felt like he was having a heart attack when he saw blood on her. He had been very tensed lately and with the arrival of Rei, it didn’t make his condition any good. 
"I am sorry," Iris said in small voice. 
Cane sighed and kissed her cleaned hands. "You don’t have to, but next time, I will appreciate it if you didn’t do it." Cane then added, his voice was deep and serious. "I don’t care what happened with him and you don’t have any obligation to help him." 
Cane was being cruel right now, but Iris understood why he was like this, and also, this was not the right time to have an argument over this matter, thus she didn’t argue with him, instead she changed the subject after she saw Cane was a little bit calm down. 
"Do you know who had attacked Cedric and why?" 
Warriors would attack you with their claw, they didn’t need dagger to begin with in a fight, so did magic user, they were not skill enough to use weapon, especially to be able to win against a battle hardened knights like Cedric. 
There was no sign of struggling, which meant this person was someone Cedric knew very well that he allowed this person to come so close to him and attack him head on. 
Cedric was a knight after all, there was no way he would put his guard down even in the presence of the people he was familiar with and allowed him not be able to defend himself against a direct attack. 
Unless... that person was very fast. 
"Rei?" Iris guessed it. "But, why?" 
Cane gave some thought and reminded Iris about the misunderstanding of the father of Abby’s baby and the punishment for it. 
"Do you think Rei had done it?" 
"Most likely." 
The elders would have killed him right away if it were them, no need to wait for this long. 
However, right now there was another matter that Cane wanted to know. "How can you see his spirit when he is not a shifter?" Iris mentioned of how she saw Cedric’s spirit earlier. "He has not even dead yet."
###Chapter 897: JEALOUSY
Chapter 897: JEALOUSY
As far as Cane knew, Iris could only see the spirit of the dead shifter, since she was able to see their wolf spirit, that was why she knew that she was pregnant with twin and their future children would be shifters. 
However, Cedric was different. He was not a shifter. He was a knight. He didn’t have wolf spirit and he had not died yet, in that case, how could Iris saw his spirit? 
Iris straightened her back when she heard the question, she had been wanting to discuss this with Cane to gain more perspective from him. She loved to discuss thing with him and the feeling was mutual. 
"I am not sure about it yet, but I feel different about him." Iris started and Cane raised his brows, staring at his mate with deep eyes. 
"You feel different about him." He quoted her. "You feel different about another man and you want to discuss your feeling with your mate? Did I say it right?" 
At first, Iris didn’t get it, but then she realized how weird she worded her statement. 
"Cane! You knot that’s not what I meant!" Iris was flustered and Cane caressed his cheek. 
"I know, I only teased you." But, the look on his face didn’t say he was teasing her earlier. It was not convincing either. "So, what do you feel about him?" 
Iris then told him about what she felt. She indeed saw Cedric’s spirit, but it was not the same like when she saw the wolf spirit or the spirit of those shifters, who died and came to look for her. 
"How is it different?" 
Iris thought about it for a while, because sometime there was time when it was hard to put into words what you felt about something. 
"When I saw his spirit, I felt close with him. As if there was a connection between us. I felt his pain and grievances. He didn’t say anything to me, but somehow I can hear his voice in my head." Iris tried to recall that moment when he saw Cedric. "That was the same like when I felt black magic, but this feeling was not an ominous one... felt like a longing," Iris contemplated. 
She was too focus on explaining her feeling, thus she didn’t pay attention to her choice of word. 
Cane pinched her chin and stared directly into her eyes. "What did you say? Feeling of longing?" he smiled, but even Iris knew this was not a good sign when he smiled like this. "Don’t you think that you have grown so bold now, my luna?" 
Iris really wanted to kick herself when she finally realized her mistake and how it sounded. She grimaced. "Cane, you know I didn’t mean it in that way." 
"Hm?" He raised his brows. "So, what do you mean when you said that you longed for another man?" 
Iris really wrecked her brain to think of a solution to get her out of this predicament. Cane had never shown this side of him before even when Lou kept bothering her, but that was because she showed no interest to the merchant, yet she said it to his face that she longed for another man. 
Couldn’t think of a better solution, Iris threw herself at him, she leaned over and kissed him. 
"Don’t be angry," Iris said, trying to explain herself, but when Cane was about to say something, she would kiss him again to silence him, so she would have a chance to speak. This was not the first time she used this wicked method. "What I meant is... I felt like I have known him for long. Someone that I knew from the past. The longing feeling that I felt was not a woman to man." Iris shook her head, hastily explaining her innocent. 
Hearing that, Cane narrowed his eyes. "Now, I just realized one thing..." 
"Wh- what?" Iris stuttered. She straddled him now, while Cane put his hand on both her hips to steady her, just in case the carriage was unstable and she would hurt herself. Even when he was being petty like this, her safety was still priority. 
"Why there are a lot of men flock around you now?" 
Iris blinked her eyes and the next second she burst into laughter. Despite loving the sound of it, Cane pinched her bottom to stop her from laughing. 
"What’s so funny?" 
Iris cupped his face between her palms. "Are you jealous?" Iris felt bad because she felt good to see Cane was bothered with it. 
All this time, it would be her, who felt insecure with a lot of women lusted over her mate. Some of them even openly showed their interest in him. Though, Cane had never given any indication he would ever reciprocate their feeling, but still, it bothered Iris greatly. It was disrespectful and very aggravating. 
But right now, Cane felt what upset her the most in the past. 
"I am not," Cane replied straightforwardly. "Jealous is the feeling when you want something, but you can’t have it. I don’t have anything to be jealous of, because you are mine." 
Iris blushed when she heard his bold declaration. She was his... 
Cane really knew how to speak smoothly, despite the situation. Iris didn’t have any idea why their discussion came to this point when they were talking about Cedric earlier. 
However, seeing her mate was in a bad mood, Iris tried her best to coax him. She peppered the alpha with kisses. 
"You know that I only want you, right?" There was still no answer, thus she came up with an idea to give him more kisses. "Cane..." Iris whined because she couldn’t get any respond from him. 
But, all of sudden, Cane growled, his eyes filled with disgust, which startled her. Did she go too far? 
"Don’t make a sound," Cane said darkly and soon after the carriage stopped and Zephyr’s voice could be heard. 
"Alpha, sir Rei is here," he said from the coachmen seat. "He is standing on our way." 
"Run him over," Cane said annoyingly, which made Iris widened her eyes. He didn’t mean to kill him outright, did he? 
"Are you sure, alpha?" Zephyr sounded hesitant. "He is standing in front of us and doesn’t seem he will budge." Zephyr had told Rei to step aside, but the man ignored him completely, his eyes fixed at the carriage, as if he could see Iris was there. 
"Should I tell you twice?" Cane growled dangerously. 
Zephyr grimaced, he looked at Pax, who sat next to him and decided to follow the order that was given to him. 
The carriage rushed toward Rei, but the man stood his ground, didn’t move an inch. If he kept like this, he would be truly run over by the carriage. 
However, when Zephyr and Pax thought they would create more trouble for themselves, Rei’s figure disappeared in a blink of an eye. He couldn’t find anywhere. 
"Alpha, he disappeared," Zephyr reported it, but right now Cane’s focus was on his mate again. 
The alpha didn’t even waste his time to think about Rei at all. 
"So, tell me about your feeling," Cane said, back to their topic.
###Chapter 898: LET’S KILL HIM!
Chapter 898: LET’S KILL HIM!
Iris then told Cane about what she felt and how she felt this slightest attachment on him, or how her heart ached when she felt what he felt. 
"I thought you could only feel the other person’s feeling and see their memories when they were inflicted by dark magic and you absorbed it." Cane frowned. He hovered above her, while Iris had her back laid down on the makeshift bed inside the carriage. 
They had arrived in the pack house, but Cane didn’t want to move yet before he got the whole explanation from his mate. 
"At first, I have the same thought, but I can feel the power is growing within me ever since Na’s life essence completely became one with me." Iris became more sensitive with dark magic and she could feel it strongly from Rei and some of the people that came with him. Needless to say, they must have tangled themselves with black magic. "I feel the power is growing..." she muttered to herself. 
It was very subtle, until Iris didn’t notice it, but she knew that she was way more powerful than before and surprisingly, it was not the end of it too. 
As if there was a pile of mysteries that was ready to be discovered, her power was the same, it waited for her to tap on it. 
Iris raised her hand and touched Cane’s wound on his face. "I am certain that I feel like I can read Cedric’s mind when he was nearby." 
Cane furrowed his brows. "Like a mindlink." 
Iris blinked her eyes. "Cane, what exactly had happened to you and your pack member, why you can’t use mindlink?" 
It was a painful memories and Cane was reluctant to talk about it, he was not in the mood to revisit that experience again after he shut it down and Iris could tell. 
"Do you know that I can make the other person to see my memories?" 
"You did it with Cezi," Cane replied, he remembered Iris mentioned it by passing, therefore she was not sure whether he listened to it or not. 
"Yes." She narrowed her eyes. "Let me try something." Iris closed her eyes and tried to concentrate, but it was hard when Cane kept touching her earlobe. "Cane, stop it, I can’t concentrate!" Iris opened her eyes and glared at him, as she swatted his hand away. "Stay still." 
"Okay." 
The look on his mate’s face when she tried to concentrate was adorable. It was not his fault, if he wanted to touch her, right? 
In the beginning, Cane didn’t know what Iris was trying to do, but then he felt it. He just felt it and knew. "Are you trying to read my mind?" 
Iris opened her eyes and pursed her lips. "Didn’t work." She indeed tried, but it was not the same like when she projected her own memories to other. "I thought I can read someone else’s mind. Decratic’s followers can do that." 
"Maybe you need a little bit more practice." Cane kissed her forehead, comforting her. "I could feel it." 
Cane then told her about how he and the other pack member lost their ability to be able to communicate with each other through mindlink. It was not dark magic, but poison, the strong one, to the point, their offspring wouldn’t be able to have mindlink too. 
Probably the effect would wear off after a few generations. 
Iris was silence for a while, she hesitated to let Cane knew about this, but decided to tell him. "Cane, I think I can restore mindlink between you and your pack member. But, I am not promise it will work, but I can try..." 
"You can?" 
"But, I am not promise. I can try, but I am not promise it will success," Iris said hastily. 
This was the main reason why she didn’t tell Cane when she tried to heal him, because she didn’t want to see the disappointment in their eyes if she happened to fail and more so, she would feel under the pressure if Cane knew she tried. 
But, Iris learned from her mistake not to keep anything from her mate. 
"Understood," Cane said, he kissed her forehead to reassure her, as if telling her to take her time. 
"Thank you." Iris sighed deeply when Cane caressed her forehead, but there was something that caught her eyes, it was a little dot on his palm. "Where did you get this? Lou?" Iris caught his hand and recognize that small dot. 
She had one, Lou gave her and it was indeed a life saving. 
"Yes, I asked one." A few days ago, he asked Lou to draw this for him. He needed this, especially when Rei was here. 
In conclusion of their discussion, Iris only thought her power was growing and she was not only limited seeing wolf spirit, but person too. 
However, Cane had different idea about Cedric. Therefore, later that night when Iris had fallen asleep, he asked Aliana to stay inside the bedroom to accompany her, while he went to see Lou. 
The merchant almost got a heart attack when he saw Cane entered his bedroom. He created barrier around his room, but this damn alpha could neutralize it. 
"Seriously! Can you stop entering my room without permission!? What if I am naked!?" Lou whined like a maiden. 
Yet, Cane only spared him a glance before he marched toward the sofa, where Lou put Cedric. The merchant was being petty. He didn’t even have an ounce of sympathy to let Cedric slept on the bed. Not that Cane would complain. 
"Did someone try to enter the bedroom?" Like usual, Cane ignored Lou’s complain. 
"Aside from you, there was no one," Lou grumbled. This alpha had bothered his sweet sleep again and now he was going to continue his sleep, he didn’t care what Cane wanted to do with Cedric. 
However, when he finally laid down on the bed, he couldn’t sleep because he was curious of what Cane wanted to do with Cedric. 
Therefore, he got off the bed and approached the alpha again. "What are you going to do now?" 
The merchant frowned because Cane was trying to flip Cedric’s body, not so careful to keep his head still intact after it almost severed completely. 
"Cane, if you kept doing that, I would end up thinking that you were a pervert, you know." Lou gave Cane a disdainful look when the latter pulled up Cedric’s clothes to see his back. 
And his hunch proved correct. 
There, Cane could see the glaring sign, the birthmark on the knight’s back. This symbol became very familiar with him recently. 
On the other hand, Lou poked his head and saw it too. He was flabbergasted and then growled in frustration. 
"No! I don’t like this!" he disgruntled. 
And for the first time, Cane agreed with him. He didn’t like this. Having Cedric as one of Iris’s protectors would only complicate the situation. He was still unsure whether to let him lived or not, because of the implication on them afterward. 
Lou suddenly got an idea. "Cane! No one knows about this except the two of us." He looked excited. "Let’s kill him!"
###Chapter 899: THE THIRD KNIGHT
Chapter 899: THE THIRD KNIGHT
Lou didn’t care what the meaning of the birthmark behind Cedric’s back, he couldn’t care less about that as long as he could get Iris for himself. He was well aware with the fact there would be five protectors around Iris, but it didn’t change anything. 
In his twisted mind, there was no need to have more protector. It wouldn’t make any different. 
"Let’s kill him." Lou lit up fire on his fingers, was ready to struck the unconscious Cedric with it. "Getting rid of him will lessen our trouble too." They didn’t need to deal with the complicated situation with the Holy Kingdom in the future. 
Therefore, it was a win win solution. 
"Sure, do it." Cane glanced at Lou, who looked slightly taken aback because he agreed readily and instead of doing it immediately, the merchant became suspicious. He put off the fire and faced the alpha. 
"What are you going to say if he died." 
"You killed him." There was nothing, but honesty there. 
"Iris will kill me, if you told her that!" Lou knew this alpha was up to no good! 
"That’s the goal." 
Lou was speechless. If he could, he would kill this annoying man right there and then, it was a pity that he lacked of that skill. 
"Did Iris know about this?" Lou swallowed back all of his grievances, while the alpha kept staring at the mark on Cedric’s back. 
"Not yet." Cane pulled down his clothes and then walked away. He came here to confirm this. 
"Don’t tell her! Don’t you dare to tell her! Don’t ever tell her!" Lou shouted before Cane closed the door behind him. 
Lou really didn’t want Iris to have this knight as her protector, knowing her, she would find away to keep this imbecile of man by her side. The merchant still remembered how Cedric defended Abby and caused trouble as much as that weak Serafim for Iris. 
Not to mention it would complicate thing with the Holy Kingdom, after all, as per Cane’s guess, the person who killed Cedric was Rei and this man was as ancient as the Holy Kingdom itself. He was a powerful black magic user. 
"Are you sure?" Iris asked Cane when the alpha told her about it once he returned to their bedroom. 
Iris was woken up because she noticed the empty bed and instead of Cane, it was Aliana, who stayed with her. She didn’t know where the alpha had gone, but thankfully, Cane returned not long after. 
"I just confirmed that." Of course, the first thing Cane did after learning about the birthmark was to tell his mate. "I think that’s the reason why you felt different about him." 
Iris contemplated about that for a while. "That makes sense..." 
Cane pulled her body toward him and hugged her. "This is already late at night, let’s sleep. We will think about it tomorrow." 
Iris wanted to keep the conversation, but then she realized that she was tired. After using a lot of energy to preserve Cedric’s life, she exhausted herself. 
She didn’t want to force herself, especially at this time, thus she dropped the topic too. 
"Is there something you want to eat?" Cane asked, he played with her hair, while his mate snuggled against him. 
"No." 
"Hm..." Cane hummed, he kissed her forehead. "How are the little lights?" 
Iris chuckled, this became Cane’s routine to ask about the little lights whenever they cuddled and was about to sleep. It was unfortunate that Cane couldn’t see them, since they looked so cute now. 
"They don’t move, I think they are sleeping..." 
The night was quiet and comforting for the two of them, but out there, there was a certain man, who appeared near Silver River pack, to be exact, this was the place where Iris had a showdown with Decratic, the same place, where she destroyed Aria’s body. 
Rei crouched down and touched the ground. 
Aria’s body was destroyed, but it didn’t mean her soul too... 
Meanwhile, back in the pack house of Winter Moon pack, Abby was having a hard time to accept the fact Cedric had died. She was wrecked with guilt. 
People out there might not be able to see her grievances, since she was quite good to conceal her true feeling, but Liam could tell. After all, they had gone through so much together and Cedric was a precious person to Abby as well as to him. 
However, his death was something they didn’t see it coming at all, especially under such false accusation, which neither Liam nor Abby dared to correct it. He shouldered the blame without saying anything and now it costed him his life. 
"It’s not your fault, Abby. It’s not your fault." Liam hugged her tightly, while she cried inconsolably in his arms. 
"If it’s not my fault, whose fault is this?" Abby snapped. She knew she shouldn’t have lashed out at Liam, but she couldn’t help it. What he said about how she was not in the wrong and it was not her fault got on her nerves. She was not blameless! 
The two of them were sitting on the floor, next to the bed, feeling the cold ground beneath them and basked themselves with remorse. 
But suddenly Abby felt this sharp pain in her stomach. She gasped and bent her body forward, hugging her belly with fear that crept in. 
"What happened? Abby?" Liam jolted up. He saw the pain on her face. 
"He- Healer... call the healer..." Abby knew there was something wrong with her baby. Was it because she was too emotional? 
Liam didn’t need to be told twice, as he dashed out of the room and looked for the healer. His heart thumped wildly, he was having a hard time to think clearly. 
But, little did he know, once he left the room, Elder Rose entered. She closed the door behind her and walked toward Abby with the expression that was hard to read. 
"Li- Liam?" Abby lifted her head. There was no way he returned this fast. But once her mother’s figure loomed above her, she could feel something would go wrong. "El- Elder Rose, what are you doing here?" 
"I see you are in pain, I can help you," Elder Rose said coldly, she crouched down and brushed her fingers against Abby’s sweaty forehead. 
"I- I don’t need your help, you can leave." The pain in her stomach was overcame by her fear of what her mother might do. She seemed off. 
"Come here, Abby. I can alleviate your pain." Just like the other Serafim, they knew a few things about healing power. 
Elder Rose indeed could help Abby, but the problem was; Abby had sensed something was not right and she believed her gut feeling to stay away from Elder Rose. Something was wrong with her intention. 
"No. Stay away from me!" Abby was exhausted and was in pain, she didn’t have the energy to fight her mother, but something inside her snap, probably it was her sheer will to protect her baby from the danger. 
Abby created a barrier between her and Elder Rose, but it was too weak and the latter could break it easily.
###Chapter 900: REI PULLED HIS TRICK
Chapter 900: REI PULLED HIS TRICK
Elder Rose stared at Abby, those eyes were not cold, like they used to, but they filled with pity, almost as if she was sad for the thing she was going to do. "I know what is right for you." 
"No! You don’t!" Abby literally growled at her. The sharp pain in her stomach increased, but she didn’t dare to put her guard down, neither she was willing to let Elder Rose to get what she wanted. 
Liam... please. 
Her only hope was for Liam to come quickly. He needed to be here. Their child was in danger. 
"I am your mother," Elder Rose said. Her tone was very small, it filled with sadness and grievances. Her voice was quivering, so did her hand that reached out to Abby, it was trembling. 
"No, you don’t!" Abby screamed on the top of her lungs. "You have never been a mother to me, don’t act like you care!" The sharp pain knocked her out of breath, as she curled her body on the ground, biting her lip so she wouldn’t lose her consciousness. 
"You don’t understand, Abby. You don’t understand what he is going to do to your baby. You don’t understand." Elder Rose crouched down in front of her and hugged her. 
This might be the first time Elder Rose hugged her as far as Abby could remember, but this was not the hug that she was longing. Right now, she wanted her to stay far away from her. 
"You don’t understand Abby, you don’t understand..." Elder Rose kept repeating the same thing over and over again, as she cradled her in her arms, caressing her back and kissing her head, just like a mother would to soothe their child. 
Meanwhile, Abby felt she grew very weak and the last thing she remembered was the feeling of warmth in her stomach, as the pain faded, so did her consciousness. 
============================= 
Cane and Iris were woken up because of the rapid knock on the door, demanding their attention. It was Jace, who tried to wake them up. 
"Alpha! This is bad!" Jace shouted from outside. He didn’t even wait for the alpha or the luna to open the door first, thankfully, he still had the decency not to barge inside. 
Cane was the first one, who woke up and Iris jolted awake when Jace started to shout from behind the door. 
"Go back to sleep," Cane said, he kissed Iris’s forehead, as he got off the bed. 
However, Iris was already awake and there was no way she could sleep through this. Thus, she got off after Cane and grabbed her cloak before she rushed toward the door to catch up with their conversation. 
Iris untangled her curls with her hand. Her morning hair was not the best to say the least. 
"...there was a fight between Liam and Elder Rose last night." Jace’s face was troubled. "Liam was trying to hurt Abby and the baby and now the Serafim is unconscious. They are punishing the knight!" 
Cane raised his brows. "How it has anything to do with me?" 
Jace blinked his eyes. He nodded politely at Iris when she poked her head behind Cane’s back. "They are going to kill him and also, they are accusing Grace for harming the baby." 
Apparently, last night Liam couldn’t find the healer from the Holy Kingdom, thus he went to look for Grace, after all, she was the one, who had been taking care of Abby all this time. 
Cane glared at him. He couldn’t care less whether Liam died or not, Jace should have told him about their healer first before he reported the news about Liam and the Serafim. 
"Stay here," Cane said darkly to Iris. 
"No. I am going with you." Grace could be considered as someone close to her, there was no way she would be able to sit still, while waiting for the report about how everything unfolded. 
Knowing there was no way of talking this with her, Cane took her hand. Iris and Cane’s personal warriors came with them too, so did another twenty more warriors. They marched toward the main hall. 
"Call Lou," Cane said and Dean went to fetch the merchant, who was still sleeping in his bedroom. 
Cane immediately went to the main hall of this pack, where everyone had gathered. The three elders stood over Liam and Grace, who were kneeling on the ground. 
The healer’s condition was not great. From the look of it, it seemed they received a beating and the healer took the brunt of it. 
This main hall was surrounded by a lot of knights, but they didn’t stop Cane and his entourage to step in, as if they had been waiting for the alpha to come. 
"Grace!" Iris immediately rushed toward her and knelt down, she gasped in surprised to see how bad her injuries were. Her head was still bleeding and there were a few bruises on her arms and legs. Iris was sure there were more under her dress. "What happened?!" Iris could feel how her blood boiled. 
The moment Cane stepped in, he immediately got a picture of what kind of sick game that Rei was trying to play here. Even in the midst of war, he was still trying to pull this scheme. He wondered whether that man really wanted to defeat Decratic. 
Rei couldn’t be seen inside this main hall, but Cane knew he was nearby, watching from the shadow. The alpha would never forget his scent. That damn scent. 
Cane scoured the area to see where that jerk was hiding, but his scent was all over the places, he must have been here before. 
"What the meaning of this?!" Iris roared. She hated it when someone hurt the people that close to her. 
It was not that hard to know this nature of hers and knowing it, it could be used against her and that was what Rei tried to pull. 
Because Cane prevented him to meet with Iris, he found different route to lure her out and this was proven very effective. 
But, the question was; how Grace could tangle in this mess. Out of anyone else, the healer was the least person that Cane expected to mix in this complication. 
"Luna Iris, please don’t intervene with this matter. Both of them have been proven to get involved with the attempt to harm the Serafim," Elder Xarex said, he looked very livid. 
"What proof do you have?!" Iris was more livid than him. She stood up and faced the elders. 
"Calm yourself, you know that your negative emotion will affect Decratic as well. We don’t reach this point to give that dark creature more strength," Elder Dandolf spoke up. 
People might not realize it, including Elder Dandolf himself, but Cane noticed this. This quiet elder would only speak if something related to Rei and the fact he acted to defend the Holy Kingdom, cemented Cane’s assumption that all of this was Rei’s plan. 
"We can’t accept this! How dare you laid hand on her!?" Iris’s blue eyes filled with wrath. 
Meanwhile, the warriors only had one thought in their mind; If the Elders were shifters, they would have died in their luna’s hand.
###Chapter 901: THE TENSION IN THE ROOM
Chapter 901: THE TENSION IN THE ROOM
"The two of them were trying to harm the Serafim!" Elder Xarex roared in retort to Iris’s anger, but the sweet luna didn’t back down. She really hated it when the people she cared was being hurt. 
"And what exactly did she do?! How could you punish her without any discussion with us when you are well aware she is our people! Are you taking us lightly?!" Iris hollered, her voice echoed inside the main hall, making everyone stunned by her outburst. "What is your explanation!?" 
Cane watched how his mate was having it with the elders. 
The room fell into silence, but then someone came through the door with sleepy face and his hoarse voice that broke this tensed atmosphere. 
"What happened here?" Lou scratched his head. Dean came to him a moment ago, he entered his room without trouble, because the merchant had put his barrier down, since it didn’t have any effect on Cane and he assumed the other warriors wouldn’t have barged in like Dean did. How wrong he was... 
His mood was already so bad because his sleeping had been disturbed twice, not to mention he had to sleep with the person, he wanted to kill. The temptation was insane. He could end Cedric’s life in a matter of second, but Iris’s angry little face stopped him every time. 
"Good morning!" Lou’s voice turned cheerful when he saw Iris, though the luna was being mad right now, the merchant still looked at her with adoration, but then his eyes caught the sight of Grace and eventually everything dawn on him of how upset people in the main hall. "Did I miss something?" he asked timidly when Iris glared at him and crept closer to Cane. "What happened with your mate?" he whispered asking the alpha. 
Dean didn’t explain anything when he told Lou to come to the main hall, he only said Iris called for him, knowing he wouldn’t budge if it was the alpha, who actually summoned the merchant. The warrior only wished his luna would never learn his little trick to get to Lou. 
"Elder Rose found him asked the healer to give the Serafim a potion to abort the baby!" James said in loud voice for everyone to hear. He was one of the Serafim’s protectors. "The evidence is here!" 
James fished out a small bottle that Iris recognized as a potion that indeed Grace had concocted for Abby, so she could abort her pregnancy. 
However, things had changed a lot and now Abby wanted to keep her baby. 
"Where is she?! Why she is not here to say it clearly about what actually happened?!" Iris demanded. This problem could be solved in a second if Abby was here. She could give an explanation of how Grace was innocent and in a matter of fact, the potion was requested by Abby herself. 
"She is not here, she is very weak and now she is unconscious because of what your healer had done!" Elder Xarex bellowed. 
Iris gave the elder a dagger look and then knelt down in front of Grace, her voice softened when she spoke to her. "Grace, tell me what exactly had happened?" 
"I- I don’t know, luna. I am not sure..." Grace said in small voice. She then told her about the chronology of what happened from her stand point. 
Liam approached her last night in panic and told her that something was wrong with Abby, but when they arrived in the Serafim’s bedroom, she was already unconscious and when she checked on the baby, she was surprised because both the mother and the baby were in critical condition. 
"When I tried to help Abby and her baby, Elder Rose came..." Grace said. 
Iris directed her fierce glare at Elder Rose, as if saying for the elder to explain herself and that was what she did. 
"I saw them trying to force the potion down the Serafim’s throat! They are trying to kill the baby in her stomach!" Elder Rose didn’t look at Iris in the eyes, instead, she stared at Grace, despite the angry tone she used when she shouted her explanation. 
This time, Iris directed her eyes at Liam. "Are you not going to say anything?" she asked coldly. Just like Cane, if she had to put Liam into trouble to save Grace, she would do it in a heartbeat. After all, this mess was his creation. Not to mention he had not yet said a single thing to explain himself and made the situation became any better for him and Grace. "Or should I be the one, who told them about it?" 
Liam lowered his head. He kept mute and this only aggravated Iris even more. 
"We will not engage in this ridiculous accusation," Cane finally spoke, he approached his mate and helped her to stand up, while Dean and Jace helped Grace to stand up. The healer looked exhausted and not in good condition. They needed to look after her condition. "We will meet again to discuss our next move toward Moon Dew pack." 
Cane refused to engage further with them, because he could see Rei’s trick. Thing wouldn’t go according his plan and the alpha would make sure of it. See, how long he would stay hidden when his plan didn’t go as he expected. 
"We are leaving." Cane squeezed Iris’s hand lightly when she was about to retort. She had not yet done with the elders and she wanted to lash out even more. 
Thankfully, Iris was able to control herself enough to ignore Cane’s warning. She believed his judgment and didn’t question him about why they were leaving instead of clearing Grace’s name with them. 
Yet, that was only Iris’s impulsive thought. She was livid and those elders got on her nerves, but in important note, that was what Rei wanted, unfortunately he didn’t expect Cane would be able to see through his scheme. 
"What about the punishment for the healer?! She is trying to harm the Serafim! That’s the biggest crime!" Elder Xarex roared. 
"That’s your problem." Cane stopped walking away and turned around. His black eyes filled with wrath. "But, I can warn you if you touched my people again and gave them punishment without my knowledge, you can consider our alliance is over." 
Not only Iris, but Cane also didn’t like to see his people was hurt. He had protected them all this time and for someone else to hurt them, of course it made the alpha livid. 
This time, Cane directed his eyes at Liam and spoke in clear voice that echoed throughout the room. "Are you not going to tell them that you are the father of that child?" 
Everyone gasped when they heard this, because this was not an information that they expected. They still assumed Cedric was the father. The elders also knew that Rei had delivered the punishment for the knight. Though they felt sorry for him, there was nothing else they could do, since the punishment met the crime. 
Yet, Cane said it was actually Liam? 
Cane took Iris away from the main hall, while Jace carried Grace in his arms. The healer had never looked so beaten up like this, even when they were in the slavery, she managed to get away from the grueling moment because of her healing ability. 
"Stop right there!" Elder Xarex roared, he created a barrier to stop Cane from leaving. 
However, the alpha responded strongly too, as he neutralized the magic. Black magic burst out of his body. 
This aggressive response put them all in high alert, as the knights surrounded the main hall unsheathed their swords, in respond to that, the twenty warriors that came with Cane shifted into their beast and Lou’s sleepiness vanished immediately. 
The situation escalated very quickly. 
"Are you going to break our alliances because of this matter?!" Elder Xarex roared. "How do you think you are going to fight Decratic on your own?!" 
The elders were seething to see the way the alpha was not willing to cooperate. 
"You can bring your people and leave." Cane put his arm protectively around Iris’s waist, just in case the situation went downhill. 
"Ships will dock in two days, you can go back to your continent. We can manage on our own!" Lou scoffed disdainfully. "You don’t really contribute anything, but drama with your weak Serafim!?" 
Right at that time, someone emerged from behind the knights. Cane caught his figure first and his gaze became even more dangerous. 
There he was. 
Rei. 
"My apologies for the insolence of my people." Rei nodded politely, as if he meant every word he said. "We don’t need to make things more difficult than this." His eyes then fell on Iris. This must be the first time for him to see her again after months. 
His gazed ravished Iris’s figure and she hid behind Cane’s back, sensing that, Lou stepped in to intervene his line of sight. 
"We can solve this problem quickly if the luna is willing to heal our Serafim." Rei offered a solution, which was not a solution at all, because it was his aim since the beginning. "I have heard a lot of people said that your healing power is very powerful. You can even heal someone that a healer couldn’t heal. After all, by healing our Serafim, she can confirm whether your healer was trying to harm her or not. What do you think?" 
That was the best solution and Rei appeared to be on their side, as he was being fair, but did he really take their side? He was very suspicious.
###Chapter 902: IRIS WAS BEING SNEAKY
Chapter 902: IRIS WAS BEING SNEAKY
Rei actually sided with them to solve the problem in this situation, though from outsider his solution was the best and that was what Iris wanted, but when the idea actually came from him, they couldn’t help, but became suspicious there was something else at play here. 
However, there was no better solution than this and because it was Rei, who had suggested it, the elders couldn’t say otherwise, that was how much power he held in his hand. 
That’s why, here Iris was. She entered the room that smell like citrus and saw Abby was laying down on the bed, seemingly sleeping. 
Iris could sense the black magic, but then Rei was there, it was hard to tell whether it came from him or Abby was inflicted by the dark magic. 
Liam was still silence, he didn’t say anything and only lowered his head. The elders stared at him with so much venom in their gaze after knowing that the baby in Abby’s stomach was his. No one knew about it, including Rei. 
But, the part that was very upsetting was the fact, they didn’t allow Grace to leave and demand her presence here too. She needed to rest! 
"She is right there, luna. Where are you going?" Elder Rose asked. She looked disturbed when all of them cramped in this room. 
Abby’s bedroom was no small, but with ten people inside and the tension in the air, it felt rather suffocating. 
Iris didn’t even want to answer the question, as she told Jace to lay Grace down on the sofa and started treating her wound first. The healer looked so pale and blood kept oozing out from her wounds. 
"You should treat the Serafim," Elder Dandolf reminded Iris, but he was being ignored too. 
Jace did what Iris told him to do and put Grace down on the sofa gently. After that, she healed her. At first, blood stopped oozing out and then her wounds closed in. 
Everything happened under Rei’s watchful eyes. He crossed his arms and didn’t miss even single movement from Iris. 
It took only ten minutes and once Iris was done, she went to Abby. Her movement was very swift and she was being eerily quiet, even Lou didn’t dare to disturb her. 
Meanwhile, Cane looked around his surroundings. He fixed his eyes on Rei and then Liam, who remained silent the entire time. There was something amiss with the whole situation, but he couldn’t put his finger on it. 
First, Iris took Abby’s hand and checked on her. The Serafim was obviously still alive, but she was very weak and thankfully, the baby was fine. Yet, there was something that disturbed her divine power. 
"I want you to leave the room," Iris said, her eyes were on Rei. 
"How dare you make a demand?!" Elder Xarex growled and Jace growled back at him dangerously, the beta was being fierce right now. 
"I can’t concentrate because he is reeked of black magic," Iris said coldly. She didn’t hold back too when she added more. "I wonder how could you people so proudly say that you are holy when you sheltered someone who has been practicing black magic for centuries. Don’t you feel ashamed of yourself?" 
"We have our own history! It is not your place to judge us!" Elder Xarex roared angrily, while Rei looked very calm, though he was the one that Iris offended. 
"Do you even need to be judged? Shit doesn’t need to be judged to know it’s bad, everyone, even the stupid ones automatically know that." Left it to Lou to fire an insult. 
But, before Elder Xarex could lose it, Rei actually acted wise enough to leave the room on his own, which only added Cane’s suspicion to how strange his respond to this situation. The alpha was still observing him. 
"It’s okay. I am going to wait outside of the door, I am sorry to disturb your treatment, luna." Rei was very polite when he spoke with Iris. 
"No. Wait further away, if you can, leave the pack house for a while, because I still can sense you nearby," Iris replied almost immediately. 
It was not sure, whether she really needed him to be away in order to check on Abby, or she simply didn’t want him to be around. 
Lou chuckled when he heard that, which was an insult for the elders, since no matter what, Rei was the founder of the Holy Kingdom, they respected him, though they were not on the same faction and was not always on the same page. 
Meanwhile, the alpha stared at his mate dotingly, as if he was approving her respond. He couldn’t be more proud of her each day to see how sarcastic his mate could be if you dare enough to provoke her. 
"Sure, will do that, luna." 
Rei actually obliged and then left the room, while the elders looked very displeased with this situation, but Liam was still the same. He lowered his head down and didn’t say anything. 
After Rei left the room, Iris could feel he really walked away further from the bedroom, because the black magic she sensed from him gradually faded away and then disappeared. 
Once the disturbance had left, Iris started to focus on Abby. She was weak, so did her baby, but both of them were fine. She learned this from Grace, ever since she could heal someone with her divine power, she wanted to have a better understanding about it and Grace was the best teacher you could ask for. 
"Grace, can you come here and tell me your opinion?" Iris asked for Grace. 
Grace approached Iris with the help of Jace, who supported her body. "There is no poison or anything, she is only exhausted. Both baby and the mother are very weak." The healer looked better, though she was still slightly pale. 
That was almost the same like what Iris thought. 
The only disturbance was her divine power, but it was very foreign for Iris. If there was someone here with a better knowledge about divine power, it would be Rei and the three elders, since they had dealt with it in their entire life. 
"There is something that disturbed her the flow of her divine power." That was what Iris told them in the end of her conclusion. 
"In that case, wake her up, your healer could only clear her name if the Serafim testified that she meant no harm on her and the baby," Elder Dandolf spoke. 
Iris blinked her eyes, she looked at him innocently. "I can’t. I don’t know how. I am not familiar with divine power and is still trying to figure out about it myself." 
"What?" Elder Xarex was not happy, but Elder Rose looked relief somehow and the reaction from these two didn’t go unnoticed by Cane. 
"You people have knowledge about divine power more than me, unless you are going to give me some knowledge about it to figure out what is going on with her, I don’t think I can help you with anything here. My lack of knowledge is the problem." 
In another word, Iris wanted them to give her more information about divine power, so she would have a better understanding of it. 
Yes, Iris was powerful, but she used her power out of instinct without having a sufficient knowledge about it. It almost like breathing, you did it unconsciously, but you didn’t know the process. 
It would benefit Iris in the long run if she could tap into a deeper understanding of her power. 
But of course, it wouldn’t come easy, the elders wouldn’t agree to her suggestion right away and they hit a dead end again. 
"So, there is something that you actually can’t heal," Lou said, contemplating after they left the Serafim’s bedroom and it was only the three of them. 
Cane had his hand around Iris’s waist protectively, as if he was forever on alert, just in case she was going to disappear under his watch. 
Iris gave some thought about it and replied. "No, actually I can if I tried harder." Cane and Lou stopped walking and looked at her, waiting for her explanation. "It’s a little bit confusing at first, because there was something that disturbed the flow of her divine power. I have explained about this earlier, so I didn’t lie, but I think if I tried harder, I can wake her up." 
The two men furrowed their brows, couldn’t understand why she decided not to do it and cleared Grace’s name immediately, right now, their healer was safe, yet sure enough those elders wouldn’t let go this matter and would bring this up again in the near future if Abby didn’t wake up and tell them what actually happened. 
"But, why didn’t you wake her up?" Lou moved closer toward Iris, but Cane pushed him away to put distance between the two of them. 
And her answer really surprised the two of them. 
"Because I thought Rei and elder Dandolf were behind this. Elder Dandolf was still there and even if I woke Abby up, she will not be able to talk freely. We don’t know yet for sure what actually was going on."
"So, you wanted to sneak around and tried to wake her up secretly to get her confession?" Lou was quick to catch up with the way Iris was thinking. 
"Yes." Iris nodded sheepishly, but then she glanced at Cane. "Did I do the right thing?" she asked for his approval, whether she had done it right or not and as a reply, Cane actually pulled her closer and then kissed her on the lips. 
"You are brilliant," Cane said against her lips. It was smart of her to think that way, since Cane wouldn’t be able to come up with the idea, because he was clueless about divine power and how it worked. 
And for Iris to actually be sneaky like this was really helpful for him to map out the situation. 
His kiss was fierce and demanding, as if he wanted her to know how strong his feeling for her right now. He wanted to devour her right there and then, forgetting about the existence of the poor merchant, who was still there. 
"Hey! Get a room! I am still here!" Lou was very upset! Why he often ended up witnessing this kind of scene recently? 
With a train of curses, Lou stormed away from the lustful couple. He wanted to have more conversation with Iris, but right now, her lips were occupied, she wouldn’t be able to say anything. 
A few days later, the merchants arrived at the harbor and a few days later, the warrior from Blue Moon pack that was led by Redmond also joined in. Will came with Redmond too.
###Chapter 903: WHAT ACTUALLY HAD HAPPENED
Chapter 903: WHAT ACTUALLY HAD HAPPENED
"Where is my daughter?" Elder Rose asked Rei, her voice and the way she looked at the man was filled with hatred and anger. This was not the look that you would give to someone that you respected. 
However, Elder Rose’s respect for Rei had gone for so many years. 
"It had been more than four decades and you are still asking me the same question," Rei said calmly. He sat down on a chair and gestured for Elder Rose to sit down too, but she didn’t budge from where she was standing. She didn’t even want to sit at the same table with Rei if she could help it. "You know the rule, Rose." 
"I don’t give a fuck to the rule!" Elder Rose hollered. 
Right now, the two of them were inside Rei’s bedroom, where it was only the two of them. This room was surrounded by magic, thus no matter how hard Elder Rose was screaming, people outside wouldn’t be able to hear them. 
Therefore, Rie let her scream and cursed as she liked. 
"But, I care." Rei leaned his back against the backrest of the sofa and intertwined his long fingers, he stared at Elder Rose’s angry face. "I created the rule and I want all of you to follow. No question asked." 
"I don’t give a damn about your fucking rule! I want to know about my daughter!" Elder Rose couldn’t help it anymore, she felt like she was going to attack him if he kept doing this to her. 
Seeing Abby was pregnant triggered something inside her, the hatred that she had buried so deep now resurfaced again when she heard Abby was pregnant with baby girl and she knew what would happen next. 
Abby might think she would only lose her baby for about a year, that was what Elder Rose thought too, but she lost her second daughter forever. She only held her once and that would be the first and the last time for her to see her baby, because Rei didn’t return her even after a year had passed. 
"Where is she? What did you do to her?" 
"You have asked that question a thousand times." 
"And I will ask a thousand more until I got the answer." 
"I don’t have any obligation to answer you." 
"Where is she?!" Elder Rose lost it. "What have you done to her?!" 
Still, Rei followed through with what he said. He didn’t give her the answer she wanted, instead he reminded her of her crime. 
"You cared so much about your second daughter, but you were going to harm your other daughter." Rei tilted his head, as he stared intensely into Elder Rose’s eyes. "What’s your goal by aborting the baby?" 
Rei came in time before Elder Rose managed to go through with her plan, but unfortunately Abby was already unconscious. 
Seeing the situation, Rei had different idea in his mind. He was going to deal with Elder Rose, but before that, he needed to use the situation to his benefit, so he could meet with Iris again. Cane’s hunch was right about the whole situation. 
Grace and Liam came after and they were trapped into this scheme. 
It was also him, who had put Abby into asleep, but to his surprised, Iris couldn’t wake her up. She should be able to do so and this was a big question for him. 
"I am not going to let you get the baby." Elder didn’t even try to lie with her intention. 
"So, you preferred to kill the baby rather than have me to get my hand on the baby?" 
"Yes." Elder Rose gritted her teeth. "You are not going to have the baby, Rei." 
"Want to bet?" 
============================== 
Two weeks after the incident with the Serafim, all the preparation to march toward Moon Dew pack had been done and they were ready to go. 
Along that time, Abby was still unconscious and despite the elders’ effort to put pressure on Cane and Iris to find a way to wake her up, neither of them budged. Iris even stayed inside her room for a whole day and Cane refused to discuss anything aside from their preparation. 
Strangely, Rei didn’t make the same demand, he looked genuine enough to put his thought in their plan to take down Decratic and take over all of the remaining pack. 
Thanked to Iris’s suggestion, now Cane slightly warmed up with Cezi, since they had a plan on their own for Celestial Moon pack, which didn’t involve people from the Holy Kingdom. 
Meanwhile, for Grace, because they couldn’t get Iris to wake Abby up, the best the elders could do was to restrict her movement, right now the healer was being confined in her own room, which was not a bad thing, since she was still allowed to receive visitors. 
And for Liam, the last time they saw him was in Abby’s bedroom and after that, no one saw him anymore. 
Iris knew Cane also looked for the knight, but none of his warriors could get an information about his whereabouts, not even his scent. It almost felt like he had vanished into thin air. His disappearance was concerning. 
Three days before they were going to Moon Dew pack, if Iris didn’t stay inside her bedroom, she would come to visit Cedric and because of his condition, he needed more time to recover completely and today was the first time he woke up after he almost died more than two weeks ago. 
Iris came to visit him when he groaned softly and opened his eyes. The first thing he saw was Iris’s auburn curls, which was lighter shade like Abby’s hair and then her gentle, blue eyes. 
For a moment, he thought he saw Abby, until he heard her soft voice calling his name. 
"Cedric?" Iris asked Hanna to get a glass of water for him and Zephyr to help Cedric drank the water. Lou refused to get involved with this man and aside from the people, who already knew about this situation, no one knew that the alpha and the luna sheltered the almost died knight in the merchant’s bedroom. 
"Wh- where am I?" Cedric asked in coarse voice. He felt like he just ate sand. The last thing he remembered was the pain and blood, a lot of blood. He touched his neck, but it was intact. 
"Don’t worry, you are fine now." Iris saw his gesture and knew what he was thinking at this moment. She then told Zephyr to inform Cane that Cedric had regained his consciousness. "Do you remember what happened?" 
Cedric looked hesitant to answer the question, because he knew what followed afterward and even though he just woke up, but he already weighed the situation. 
"What are you trying to think of?" Lou looked upset because Cedric was hesitated to reply to Iris’s question. He was sitting not too far from them, waving a fan on his face. They were on the peak of summer right now and the weather was very hot for the merchant. He hated it to be sweaty. "Answer that question. You are very ungrateful even after she saved you." 
It must be because of the hot temperature that caused the merchant to be aggressive more than usual. 
However, he stopped himself when Iris gave him a warning look and focused to fan himself again. He refused to go out with Cane and the people from the Holy Kingdom to check their preparation. All he needed was to prepare himself, he didn’t care about anything else. 
"Yes, I remember," Cedric replied. He then furrowed his brows and looked at Iris. "Did you... the one, who saved me?" 
"Yes, I did." Iris then added. "Grace also helped you." She didn’t take credit for herself. 
"Thank you." 
Cedric looked around him. This room was impeccable. Though he was in the shifter’s hand, but apparently, they treated him decently. 
"What... happened? What they said about me?" Cedric was hesitated to ask, because he didn’t want to answer any question. 
"Among the knights, no one talked about you and for the warriors..." Lou shrugged his shoulders, answering the question for Iris. "The warrior didn’t care whether you are alive or dead." 
In another word, Cedric just vanished and no one care enough to find out where he was. It was not sure what the elders told them about Cedric, since he held an important position, but then this was an internal affair in Holy Kingdom, thus they couldn’t dig more. 
"You need to rest. I will ask someone to deliver the medicine from time to time until you fully recover." 
"Thank you." 
Iris didn’t ask further question, neither she talked about the birthmark on his back, because he just woke up and she didn’t want to pressure him further, which Cedric was really grateful for, since he was still at lost of how to navigate the situation. 
Iris only told him that he couldn’t be seen in public, or he would put himself in danger and more so, it would complicate thing between the shifter and the people from Holy Kingdom. 
Cedric understood the implication of it, so he agreed without a second thought. After a few more word, Iris left the room. 
"Look, since we have to share a room, you are going to sleep on that sofa and not to come closer to the bed, that’s my personal space, understood?" Lou made things clear between them. 
And two days later, they went to Moon Dew pack, marched with full forces from shifters, knights, magic users and the merchants.
###Chapter 904: THE PEOPLE FROM THE BLACK MARKET
Chapter 904: THE PEOPLE FROM THE BLACK MARKET
"Stop the carriage!" Cane growled and the carriage stopped immediately. 
Second later, Iris got off the carriage with Cane’s help, as she vomited under the nearby tree. 
"You don’t need to look..." Iris was embarrassed and even though this was not the first time for Cane to witness her in such condition, but she still couldn’t get used to it. 
However, like always, Cane didn’t budge. It didn’t bother him at all. He had seen a lot worst than this. More so, it was his pregnant mate, the woman who carried his children, no matter what she did, it would never bother him. 
This was the second time for Cane to ask for the carriage to stop, because Iris was having motion sickness and she kept vomiting. Right now, their carriage was the last, even though the shifters brought up the rear, but it was very obvious their carriage was so behind. 
"I am sorry," Iris said weakly after she emptied her stomach. 
"You don’t need to be sorry," Cane replied darkly. He was worried and anxious with Iris’s condition. The pregnancy started to get hard on her, especially when they had to keep moving. 
Meanwhile, the other warriors around the luna and the alpha were having a doubt in their mind to see this. They stared at the luna intently. 
"Alpha, Luna, should I ask for Grace to come?" Amee asked, she was worried about Iris’s condition, though it was relatively normal for her. 
Because of what happened had not been resolved yet, Grace was still being confined. She was in different carriage among the knights that took the front line in this huge entourage, while magic users and the merchant were in the middle. 
The healer indeed didn’t have her freedom for the meantime, but no one would dare to try anything funny toward her, more so, Cane sent two warriors and Pax to accompany the carriage, to make sure her safety. 
"No... there is no need..." Iris shook her head, while Cane helped her to wipe her mouth. 
They were already gathering unnecessary attention because they were left behind, if they had to call Grace over too, her pregnancy would be revealed and Iris and Cane agreed to keep it secret for as long as they could. 
"Ask someone to call her," Cane said. 
"Yes, yes, alpha." Amee left in hurry, just in case the luna managed to change Cane’s mind. 
"Cane!" Iris wanted to refuse, but Cane told her not to say anything. 
"I will handle the rest, you focus on getting better," he said firmly. If he used this tone, no amount of persuasion would work, thus Iris chose not to argue, not to mention she was still feeling unwell. 
"I want to walk, I think it will help." Iris brushed her hair from her face. 
As if understood what Iris wanted, Lil Thing came to her, the lizard was on its head. The two creatures seemingly got along well, despite their ’rough’ first meeting almost two years ago. 
"No, Lil Thing, I want to walk, thank you." Iris chuckled, she scratched the back of its ear and her heart ached every time she saw the fluffy bear lost its other ear. 
In the end, Lil Thing took her left side, while Cane walked on her right, his hand wrapped around her waist protectively. 
At this point, they really fell behind, but there was nothing to be worried about, the alpha was here and their personal warriors, added to more warriors that surrounded them also the fierce lazy bear, Iris was safe. 
"Feeling better?" Cane asked. He caressed her cheek, as she leaned against him. He felt bad to take her in this journey. "Lou can take you, Hanna and Amee to Crystal Moon pack. He can stay there with you." Cane had been weighing this idea ever since they left Diandem pack. 
Lou would have jumped to this opportunity if he heard what Cane said. Spending time with Iris was his goal, but unfortunately, the merchant was ahead of them, he had to join the merchant group in this entourage. 
"And risk the opportunity for Rei to whisk me away?" Iris didn’t like to use this as her trump card, but she didn’t like Cane’s idea at all. This was the only way for her to stop Cane. 
"Lou will be there." Cane didn’t like this idea either. His brows furrowed. 
It was astonishing to see how Cane grew from hating the merchant to even breathe the same air like his mate to the point, he entrusted Iris to him. 
"Do you really think Lou can handle Rei? Do you think he will win? Lou will not be able to match his speed, if he whisked me away." 
"He can create a portal." 
"And where would he look for me?" 
Cane was silent and Iris pursed her lips, this was their recent argument. 
"I am not going anywhere, Cane. Deal with it," Iris said sternly. She huffed, annoyed because Cane wanted to send her away. She could already imagine her days without any news from him. This man wouldn’t write her a single letter and it had happened twice. Iris was not going to experience that again, not when she was pregnant and craved for his presence. "I am useful too now. You can’t put me aside." 
Cane was speechless. "I don’t ask you to leave because you are useless, Iris." 
"Whatever it is, I am not going anywhere. If you are here, I will be here too," Iris said stubbornly. 
Not long after, Grace came with Pax, but along with her was Rei. He smiled brilliantly at Iris. His eyes literally lit up with the sight of her. 
Amee looked apologetic. She wanted to explain, but Cane gestured for her to leave. The alpha could guess more or less what had happened. This man must have allowed Grace to leave her confinement only if he came along too. 
"I heard the luna is unwell, I came to see her too." Rei looked at Iris and then Lil Thing. "The white bear and the salamander. You have interesting creature with you, luna." His politeness felt very fake. "White bear is well known for its loyalty and the salamander is a fierce creature, once it grew up, it can be your good protector. I have not yet explained much about the salamander the last time we met, I would love to have a conversation with you and answer all of your question." 
"Thank you," Iris replied tersely. 
Cane didn’t pay attention to him, as he ushered Iris into their carriage again and Grace followed behind. The alpha slammed the door behind him and let the two women inside, while he stood in front of the carriage door, staring straight at Rei. His eyes full with distrust and disgust. 
"You don’t need to be very hostile with me, alpha. We are on the same side and have the same goal." 
"And what happened after?" Cane narrowed his eyes. An ally today could be an enemy tomorrow. It was very true in this realm. 
"What happened after, let’s see after everything settled down." 
That was the only conversation they had until Grace came out half an hour later. She only told the alpha that the luna was eating something bad, which caused her stomach pain. 
And after that, Grace left again with Rei. 
When Cane went inside the carriage, Iris told him that she and the babies were fine and Grace gave her a bottle of pill that she had prepared ever since they were in Diandem pack, since she had foreseen something like this might happen, after all, this was not Iris’s first pregnancy and Grace had a record of her symptom. 
For the rest of their journey, they were fine and once they arrived at Moon Dew pack, the warriors in that pack didn’t resist much, since they didn’t have an alpha and the only person in charge was the gamma of the pack. 
Another reason for their easy surrender was because the amount of force that they had to face. They would end up dead if they tried to fight. 
And once they were inside, they discovered more thing. The people from the Black Market that were held captive by lady Cyan were still alive. 
They were put in the underground room, where they had to cramp against each other for months. 
And of course, the merchants were happy to find their comrades were still alive, thus they were busy to handle the unexpected situation. 
Everyone was busy, as they had a handful of task, thus Cane used this opportunity for Iris to sneak into Abby’s bedroom. 
"Lou will make a portal into her chamber. I will make sure no one will be there, but you need to hurry." Cane caressed Iris’s cheeks. 
If it was someone else with this task, his heart wouldn’t be this heavy, but to let her go out of his sight with only Lou by her side made him anxious. He would come with her if he could, but he needed to keep Rei away. 
"You don’t need to worry," Iris said, she tiptoed and kissed Cane’s chin. "I will be back with a good news." 
"I only want you to come back." 
"And I only want us to leave immediately," Lou grumbled. He had his arms crossed in front of his chest. "Can you two stop thinking that anyone else is invisible?" 
As a respond, Cane pinched Iris’s chin and leaned over to kiss her lips. 
"Heaven! We will only go a few rooms away!"
###Chapter 905: HIS INFATUATION TOWARD HER
Chapter 905: HIS INFATUATION TOWARD HER
"Lou, thank you," Iris said when they were already inside the Serafim’s bedroom. People were very busy, since they occupied Moon Dew pack and found the people from the Black Market was actually still alive. 
The merchants were the one, who was more thrilled than anyone else. In this battle, the merchants were not as powerful as the other three parties, but they were quite useful. They were wicked and resourceful. They were also not bad in a fight. 
"What with the sudden gratefulness?" Lou furrowed his brows. "If you want to tell me how grateful you are, you can give me a hug or a kiss, you know." 
The smile on Iris’s face fell when she heard that and she hissed at him. "Forget it." 
Lou chuckled to see her being upset. Cane probably would think thrice if not ten times to let him be alone with his mate if he heard that. 
"Go, we don’t have much time." Lou nudged Iris’s shoulder to go to the bed and be done with this mission. 
Iris knew, she then immediately approached Abby, who was still unconscious. She sat down on the edge of the bed and grabbed her hand, as she closed her eyes there was this light that emanated from their clasped hands. 
Meanwhile, Lou watched what Iris was doing with eyes that filled with adoration. His infatuation toward her was answered. The reason why he was being very attached to her ever since they met for the first time, because he destined to be with her. 
Lou was not sure how to feel about this. He didn’t like to be told what to do, he valued himself so much to the point he didn’t care about someone else’s life, but being with Iris gave him a purpose in his dull life and when he thought about it, his life right now was not that bad. 
The merchant didn’t know that he could do so much for someone else like what he had done for her. If someone told him that he would be so helpless against a woman, whose height not even reach his neck, he would have laughed out loud, but not now. 
He stared at Iris with dotting eyes. 
And when she opened her eyes again, Lou felt like he could see the entire sky and ocean sparked in those beautiful blue eyes. 
But then, there was one question; why Cedric didn’t feel the same? 
He knew Zale did feel such devotion toward Iris, but he doubted the knight felt it. He remembered how he treated Iris in the beginning. 
"Lou, can you help me?" Iris called for him. 
She realized she could wake Abby up when she remembered almost the same thing happened in the past, but at that time, it was Iris, who was unconscious. She unintentionally seized the power from Abby, because she was more powerful than her, but Abby couldn’t do the same to Iris, unless the latter gave it to her and that was what she was doing right now. 
"What is it?" Lou approached her with light step, as though he was bouncing, instead of walking. 
"Can you give me a glass of water, please?" 
"I will give you my heart and the world if you wanted them." 
Iris rolled her eyes. "No, thanks. A glass of water will be enough." 
Lou glanced at Abby, it seemed, he was too preoccupied staring at Iris, until he didn’t realize the Serafim had comeback to her sense. She was awake now and there was no surprise there, since Lou had never doubted Iris at all. 
"How are you feeling?" Iris asked Abby. She looked at her groggily. 
"Here." Lou gave Iris a glass of water and she helped Abby to drink, but there was something that caught his eyes, which made him left the two women alone to have their conversation. 
"Abby, you need to answer my question, this is very important." Iris knew she just woke up, but this was very urgent. She didn’t have time to wait. 
"Wh- what happened?" 
Iris explained the situation briefly to her. "Now, tell me what actually had happened?" 
Abby furrowed her brows, she propped herself up into sitting position and then recalled what happened. She only remembered Elder Rose did something to her. "My baby!" Abby gasped. 
"The baby is fine, you don’t need to worry. Grace has checked on your condition too," Iris reassured her. She felt this tug in her heartstring when she saw the panic in Abby’s eyes when she was worried about her baby. 
Was she like that too when she lost them? 
"What about... Liam?" Abby dreaded the answer from Iris, but before she could tell her that no one had ever seen him since that day, they heard a distressful groan came from the entrance door. 
"Lou?" Iris was on alert, she immediately stood up and was about to approach him when she saw Rei came from the direction Lou had disappeared earlier. Iris stopped in her track. How he could be here? "Where is Lou?" she asked with a growl. 
"Finally, I can see you," Rei sighed in relief. "I know you will be here in the first chance you can get, while everyone is busy. I have been waiting for you. You don’t know how long I have been waiting for you..." 
If the lycan had been waiting for Na for centuries, so did Rei. He was the only one, who actually believed without any doubt that Na would come again and now she was standing in front of him. 
"Where is Lou?" Iris repeated her question, didn’t want to hear his nonsense. She tried to peek over his shoulder, but she couldn’t see the merchant, which made her upset. "What have you done to him?" 
"You don’t know how long I have been waiting for you, Na..." 
Rei suddenly pulled Iris against him and hugged her tightly, he buried his face against the crook of her neck, which made Iris screeched and tried to push him away. But, the difference of strength between them was very apparent. 
"Don’t abandon me again, Na. I really missed you. I am really sorry for what I have done. I am truly sorry..." he kept saying the same thing over and over again, which made Iris assumed, he had gone insane.
"Let me go!" Iris struggled against him, while Abby tried to help, she got off the bed, but fell to the floor because she didn’t have enough strength to support herself yet. 
"I really missed you, Na. Can’t you tell?" Rei squeezed her body and kissed her neck. "I am sorry, I am sorry for what I have done, but please, don’t abandon me, don’t leave me alone anymore." 
Rei was being very emotional right now and Iris was worried about Lou and herself. She screamed for him to let her go, but it seemed, no one could hear her. A spell had been put inside this room by Lou, so the noise from inside couldn’t be heard outside. This method backfired at them. 
Only if Rei was a shifter, Iris would gladly squeeze the life out of him, unfortunately he was not and she didn’t have her dagger with her or else, Rei would have been bleeding again right now, just like in the past. 
Realizing she wouldn’t be able to outpower him, Iris stood still, her blue eyes turned a few shades darker, so did her voice when she spoke. 
"Na has gone. She is no longer here. Stop for a while and you will be able to know." Iris gritted her teeth, she held back the feeling of disgust because someone else touched her. This was the same feeling like when alpha Gill touched her. It was a pure repulsion. "She has gone and you have never been in her mind, not even once." 
Rei’s body froze, when he heard that. He was still for a moment before he let out a heartwrenching scream and pushed Iris away from him. 
Abby immediately stood up and came forward, she caught Iris’s body before she fell and steadied both of them. 
"There is no way..." Rei stared at Iris in horror, as if she had killed his whole family. "How could you do this...? I have been waiting for you. Do you know what I have done to be able to meet you again? Do you know how long I have been waiting to see you again? How could you do this to me? Do you hate me so much?" 
Abby was mortified, she had never seen Rei like this before, neither it crossed her mind that someone like him could lose his composure. 
Right at that time, Lou came with a small statue in his hand and smashed it against Rei’s head. 
"Fuck you!" Lou cursed, as he smashed the statue again for the second time, but before he could succeed, Rei had disappeared from his sight, but a second later, he appeared behind Lou and kicked his head, caused the merchant to kiss the floor so hard, he split his lips. 
Lou groaned, but he immediately turned around and lit up fire, the burst of flames burned Rei’s body. People would think he would die. 
But through the burn of fire, Rei stretched out his hand and grabbed Lou’s neck. He squeezed it tightly and didn’t let go. 
But not only that, Rei cursed Lou, because Iris and Abby could see how Lou’s veins popped out and it was the color of black, as if his body was going to decay...
###Chapter 906: LOU WAS IN CRITICAL CONDITION
Chapter 906: LOU WAS IN CRITICAL CONDITION
Lou let out an earth shattering scream, as he tried to get away from Rei, his veins turned black under his skin, as if the skin had turned translucent and it was a devastating sight. 
Seeing that, Iris immediately grabbed a glass that Abby used to drink earlier and shattered it to the ground, she immediately picked the sharp shard to be used to stab Rei. 
However, the fire that burned his body prevented her to come closer, unless she wanted to get herself burned. 
Out of impulse, when Iris decided to go ahead, a loud bang came from the door, as it flew out of its hinges and black wisp strike the burning Rei. 
Iris didn’t use her black wisp, because she needed to come in contact with Rei in order to purify the dark magic within him. 
However, Rei dodged the attack swiftly and escaped through the window, dropping the merchant and left the room. 
"Lou!" Iris screamed on the top of her lungs, as she scrambled to reach Lou, she threw away the sharp shard in her hand and approached Lou. Cane came as well with Jace and Redmond. "Cane! We need Grace! We need her!" 
Jace immediately rushed out of the room in his beast form to get the healer. This mission was completely a failure. 
"Cane, what should I do? What should I do?" Iris was trembling, the sight of Lou gutted her. She was afraid beyond word. 
The last time Iris saw Lou in critical condition was when Decratic stabbed him, but even then she knew she could do something to preserve his life, but right now, his condition was something she had never seen before. 
Lou’s veins popped out and it had turned black, while his skin became translucent, his eyes turned dark and blood oozed out from his eyes and ears. He was breathing heavily. 
"Calm down, Iris, calm down." Cane grabbed her hands to stop her from trembling. 
"We shouldn’t have done this, I am sorry, I am sorry." Iris felt very guilty because this mission was her idea. She was the one, who suggested it because she thought it would benefit them to get Abby’s confession privately without the presence of the Holy Kingdom. 
However, it completely backfired on them. 
Abby came closer too and saw Lou’s condition. This was bad, really bad. "Luna, you need to calm down, we can do something." 
Abby was not affected by Lou’s horrible condition, because she didn’t have an attachment feeling toward him, but Iris was shaken up, because she thought she was going to lose him and that was because of her fault. 
She shouldn’t have given the idea... 
"Luna! We can still save him." Abby shook her head. "Incredible... he still survived... how he could still survive?" she muttered to herself. It seemed, Abby knew what happened to Lou and the merchant supposed to be dead by now. 
The fact he still had his life intact was incredulous. 
"Iris!" Cane raised his voice to get her attention before her mind wandered around wildly. "We still can save him, you need to calm down!" 
Iris was startled, but it helped her to get back to her senses. She blinked away her tears and started to concentrate, as she toughened her heart and faced Lou again. Abby was sitting on Lou’s right side, while Iris took his left, both of them took his hands and started to channel divine power within him. 
Redmond clenched his jaw, he frowned deeply. He didn’t really like Lou, but the thought there was a chance he didn’t make it, didn’t settle well with him. He didn’t know what to do and just stood there, hoping for the two Serafims worked well together to save the merchant’s life. 
At the same time, a few people came through the door, but it was not Jace and Grace, instead it was the elders, who immediately screeched upon seeing the state of this room and the aftermath of the fight between Rei and Lou. 
"What is going on here?!" Elder Xarex roared. "What is happening?!"
Redmond immediately blocked them from coming closer. "Step back!" he growled. They came here right away because Cane lost Rei during their busy time to reorganize this pack and the people from the Black Market. 
After looking for him everywhere and they couldn’t find him, the alpha immediately came to this room with conclusion the plan had failed and Rei knew about it. He only played dumb and waited for them to make this move. 
"You should be the one, who steps back!" Elder Xarex roared. "What are you doing inside the Serafim’s bedroom?!" 
Cane stood up and confronted them as well, while Elder Rose caught a sight of Abby, who was already conscious, Elder Dandolf looked around the room, as if he was looking for something.... or someone. 
"Explain this, alpha Cane!" Elder Xarex hollered. 
Redmond tempted to dig his claws on his face. It would be satisfying, but he didn’t budge from his position and the alpha didn’t even flinch. Both of them were fed up by these old things. 
"You should be the one, who gives me an explanation elder Xarex!" Cane spoke, his voice was heavy and dangerous, while Iris and Abby worked on Lou behind him and Redmond. "Rei had injured one of my people! How will you explain this?!" 
Elder Xarex and Elder Rose looked shocked, but Elder Dandolf became very quiet and these responds didn’t go unnoticed by Cane. Elder Dandolf knew what was going on, he knew that Rei had been waiting for this opportunity. He didn’t look surprise at all. 
"There is no way Rei would have done it! You were the one, who barged into the Serafim’s bedroom!" 
"My luna knew a way to wake the Serafim up, so she came here right away, but Rei attacked them and Lou only tried to defend themselves." Cane narrowed his eyes. "How will you explain this? Where is Rei now?" 
They couldn’t answer the question. 
"There is no way he had done this!" Elder Xarex insisted. "If anything, I would believe more if you had done it." He hissed. "You are the lycan after all, the cursed creature." 
"How could you shelter a black magic user, but condemned me as a lycan?" Cane’s eyes flickered into red color, as the lycan came to play. 
This question silenced him and not long after Jace came with Grace. He couldn’t get the healer right away because he had to fight three knights, who stood in front of her room to get to her. 
Grace immediately went to see Lou and the room became eerily quiet, the only sound came from Lou’s heavy breathing, until the noise faded away and the merchant closed his eyes. 
It seemed, he finally got some rest and the pain was more bearable. 
However, the matter did not settle there. 
Lou was moved to different room and Iris’s hands were treated by Grace, she cut herself when she tried to stab Rei with the sharp shard, while Abby explained the situation to the elders, but of course, they barely believed her. 
Right now, they were in the strategy room, gathered around to discuss this matter, since they couldn’t prolong this misunderstanding, that was the word that Elder Xarex used. 
"Where is he?" Redmond asked impatiently. "If he indeed not got involved in the mess earlier, you must have found him by now and he would have joined us. He used to come first whenever we have this meeting." 
Redmond had attended a few meetings ever since he arrived with the Blue Moon warriors and he was certain that he didn’t like that man, whether or not he was a black magic user. 
They had been waiting for more than an hour, but the knights couldn’t find Rei anywhere, it almost like he had vanished into thin air. The pure faction people didn’t want to say anything about his whereabouts and kept it to themselves, as they told them they didn’t know know anything. 
It was not a surprise for that faction not to cooperate. 
"I am fine," Iris said, reassured Cane, who was very silent the whole time, he stared at her bandaged right hand with grim look. "I am really fine." 
"No, you are not. You are hurt." Cane hated to see her in pain. He had this fleeting impulse to hide Iris somewhere, so no one knew her whereabouts, so no one would be able to hurt her. He wanted to get her out of harm way. 
If he could, he wanted to lock her inside the bedroom and gathered all the warriors from the Blue Moon pack to protect her, keeping her there until everything settled down and it was safe enough for her to step outside. This world was too dangerous for her. 
"We found Rei." One of the knights entered the room and reported it. "He is on his way here." 
Elder Xarex looked relief. He looked at Cane with disdain. "Now, we can learn the truth about what had happened." 
Cane didn’t pay attention to him, if anything, his face turned darker with the mention of Rei. Elder Xarex shifted his attention toward Abby, who was sitting silently in her chair, she still looked very pale, but she needed to be here. 
"You need to explain yourself too." 
Abby lifted her head and her eyes looked very defiant when she spoke. "I have explained myself enough, Elder Rose tried to kill my baby. Didn’t you hear that already?" 
Rei entered the room with two men by his side.
###Chapter 907: THE FOURTH KNIGHT
Chapter 907: THE FOURTH KNIGHT
"What else do you want to hear from me?" Abby gritted her teeth. The only consolation that she had was her baby. Grace had said that the baby was fine. Whatever Elder Rose was trying to do to her, she couldn’t go through with it because someone interfered, but where was Liam? 
Her heart ached to see him. She wanted to know if he was fine. She had lost Cedric, she couldn’t lose him too. The last time she saw him was when she asked for Grace because she was in pain. 
That was all. That was the last time she saw him... and Abby was afraid that would be truly their last moment together. How unfair it was... 
"The baby is fine, how can you say that your mother wanted to kill her own granddaughter?" Elder Xarex retorted. 
Abby scoffed. "Did she ever see me as a daughter?" 
Right at that time, Rei entered the room with two men by his side, they were the people from the pure faction. 
To Cane and Iris’s surprised, Rei looked fine. Redmond and Jace narrowed their eyes too, because they happened to see how his body had burned, flames engulfed him completely, but right now, he was unscathed. 
How that could possibly happen? He was not a shifter, neither he had the ability to heal so fast, right? 
Then they were reminded about the ritual. Yet, based on what Abby said, even with the ritual, Rei still needed time to recuperate and recover completely. What kind of magic he had? Was he that powerful? 
"I am sorry for making everyone waited for me, there are a few things I need to take care of," Rei said lightly. There was no trace of the earlier fight. He looked like the fire didn’t even reach him. He was fine. Completely fine. 
How this could be possible? Lou was still unconscious and Grace stayed with him, just in case his condition took a drastic turn. 
Iris and Abby managed to dispel the curse that Rei inflicted on him, Iris made sure of it, since she checked on Lou thrice. The merchant would have guffawed smugly to learn Iris was extremely worried about him, unfortunately, he was not even aware of his surroundings.
"Can you see that? He is fine, how could you say he was burning? No matter how great of a magic user he is, he will not be able to appear in good condition if he was really being burned." Elder Xarex gloated. He felt relief because Rei finally made an appearance, he could press this matter onto the alpha now. 
"You mean dark magic user, right?" Redmond corrected him, where he was rewarded a glare, yet, he had seen worst than only a simple glare from almost a century year old man. 
"I am not sure if I understood what happened here, someone cared to explain?" Rei looked at Cane shamelessly, while the alpha clenched his jaw tightly. 
Cane still couldn’t figure out how he could leave unscathed when Lou was on the verge of death. 
Elder Xarex took this opportunity to explain what the commotion was about. Despite their often argumentation and how they came from different faction, they were still coming from the same place and people outside from their continent was still outsider, in their eyes, they had to stick together. 
"Me? Fighting with Lou?" Rei blinked his eyes innocently. "You will not believe that, right? If the accusation is true, can you explain how can I still live when I supposed to be burned to death?" 
Iris had never seen someone so shameless like him. She wanted to go and confront this man, screaming at his face for hurting Lou, but Cane’s grip on her hand tightened, a warning for her to not do anything recklessly. 
Meanwhile, Jace and Redmond looked at the alpha, they were looking for any sign of what they should do now. 
"The Serafim can vouch for what happened," Redmond chimed in, he was being impatient because Cane didn’t say anything. 
"She just woke up, she must have been confused and not yet gathered her composure, we can’t take her word as the truth." Elder Dandolf finally opened his mouth. He always had something to say whenever it came to Rei. 
"I know what I saw!" Abby gritted her teeth, but Elder Rose immediately came to her. 
"You don’t know what you are talking about," Elder Rose said, she stretched out her hand to calm Abby down, but she swatted it. "Calm down, Abby. You only make thing worst." 
Other people might not be able to hear it, but there was a warning in the way Elder Rose was speaking to her. She warned her to get along and Abby usually would give in, after all, it was hard to break an old habit when people that you considered close to you, kept telling you what you felt or what you saw. You would start to question yourself. 
But, Abby didn’t give in. 
"I know what I saw. Rei attacked the luna. He hugged her and kept saying that he was sorry to her." Abby didn’t stop, even when Elder Rose glared at her as a warning. "He told her that he has been waiting for her all this time." 
Cane saw how Rei’s eyes flickered, but what Abby said got to him. Iris had not yet told him about the part where Rei hugged her. No wonder, he could smell his disgusting scent on his mate. 
His blood boiled with the thought Rei had laid his dirty hand on Iris. 
Meanwhile, Iris had this complicated look on her face, she had her own reason about why she didn’t tell Cane about it. 
"Then, how can you explain that?" Elder Rose pointed her finger at Rei. "He is fine, isn’t he?" 
Abby couldn’t explain that, but she had her own guess. She knew it was taboo to talk about it, especially in front of the outsider, but there was no way out for Abby right now, she had to choose her side and she had done it a few weeks ago. Therefore, she needed to stick to it. 
Even Elder Rose, who hated Rei so much couldn’t really do anything against him, she still needed to defend him in front of the outsider, in the name of Holy Kingdom and preserved it rightful image. What a hypocrite! 
"The ritual." 
Once the word came out of Abby’s lips, the elders froze, so did Rei. The look on his eyes filled with murderous intention. 
This was what Cane waiting for. This matter could only be done if Abby was the one, who spoke about it, because the more they argued, the more the elders would deny it, but if the confession came from their own people, it would be different. 
More so, Cane wanted to see how determined Abby was to turn her back against the people from the Holy Kingdom. He didn’t want to waste his effort to help Abby when her heart still leaned toward the Holy Kingdom. 
"Abby!" Elder Rose raised her voice. 
"Yes, I did injure the merchant and I am sorry for that," Rei suddenly admitted, cutting off Abby’s word before she could explain about it further, but little did he know, they already learned about it. "I am sorry for the misunderstanding. My deepest apology for my behavior, luna." 
Rei even bowed his body toward Iris respectfully and what followed was the dramatic story about how long he have been waiting for the first Serafim to come back to life and just like how people already knew, Iris had the first Serafim’s life essence, therefore he was very attached to her. 
"... I built the Holy Kingdom, because I want to wait for her. I wholeheartedly believe, she will return and I am right." Rei looked at Iris intently. "I know what I have done is wrong and tangle myself with black magic can’t be justified, but five hundred years are not a short time and during those years, I have been waiting for you, my Serafim." 
This time, he openly admitted Iris as the Serafim, the only Serafim that he acknowledged. 
His excuse for his behavior turned into this tragic, romance story, one that could be turned into a great love story with sad ending. 
"I don’t know if you already learned about this or not, but there is a history behind the five appointed knights for the Serafim. It’s because Na left five swords that contained with her divine power, the symbol for the five knights." 
Iris already knew about that, so did Cane, Jace and Redmond. 
"However, while the Serafim from the Holy Kingdom had appointed knights, the true Serafim would have their own knights. The chosen knights. People, who truly would give up their lives for you and and these people will all have a mark showing that they are the chosen ones." 
The birthmark. 
Iris was stunned when Rei started to take off his clothes and he turned around to show her the same birthmark like the one Zale, Cedric and Lou had. 
"The people that you have chosen will bear this mark. You must have seen it. This is the insignia of the five knights that protect the Serafim." 
Rei turned around to face Iris again, but this time he knelt down, so did the two men that came with him. 
"You have chosen them centuries ago and now it’s our time to fulfill our duty." 
The appointed five knights were merely a symbol of the real five knights that would protect the real Serafim.
###Chapter 908: I WILL GO TO THE END OF THE WORLD FOR YOU
Chapter 908: I WILL GO TO THE END OF THE WORLD FOR YOU
After all, Rei was the founder of the Holy Kingdom. The idea came from him about the appointed five knights and the insignia on their swords, instead of the birthmark that would only be carried by the real Serafim’s protectors. 
This was the relation between the five swords that Iris saw in her dream, the five appointed knights for every Serafim and the symbol. And there was more deepest meaning in between. 
"What the meaning of this?" Elder Xarex blinked his eyes. He had never seen Rei knelt down before someone. He was a haughty man, who wouldn’t let his knees touched the ground and the only time he lowered his head was when he was scheming his opponent, appeared to be delicate and gentle. 
However, he took this too far. 
"She is the Serafim, the real Serafim that the pure faction and I will acknowledge." Rei lifted his head and looked at Iris right in her eyes. "I am at your service, my Serafim." 
Cane stepped in, blocking his line of sight at his mate. Livid was an understatement of what he felt right now, even his beta and Redmond could feel the anger that rolled off his body. 
His declaration sounded like a warning in Cane’s ears. He was going to stick with Iris no matter what with the excuse of being her protectors. 
"I refuse," Iris said. "I don’t accept you." 
"It doesn’t matter whether you accepted me or not, but you have chosen me centuries ago and I will always pledge my loyalty to you." 
"You said you are my protectors, but then you hurt the other protector." Iris stepped aside and glared down at Rei. "Lou is my protector, he bears the mark, yet you hurt him." 
Rei raised his brows and shook his head. "I don’t know about that. My apologize, luna." 
It was hard to tell whether he was genuine not knowing about it or he just pretended like he used to do. Having someone like this was like a double edge sword. He was powerful and had the Holy Kingdom within his palm, but then the more powerful he was, the more dangerous he would be and neither Iris nor Cane believed, he would be that simple. 
"Wait, what is going on?" Elder Xarex knew about the first Serafim’s life essence within Iris, but he didn’t have any idea about Rei’s declaration of having Iris as the Serafim. "You can’t appoint her as the Serafim!" 
Rei’s declaration was a big deal. He had never made any declaration for the previous Serafim and didn’t acknowledge them, therefore, if he declared and pledged his loyalty to Iris, the whole Holy Kingdom would follow. Pure faction was a small faction, but they were the one, who actually held the highest power, because of Rei, since he was the founder. 
"Kneel down before the Serafim!" One of the men behind Rei raised his voice against Elder Xarex. He looked unhappy with how defiant the elder was. 
While Elder Xarex was still unable to accept this, Elder Dandolf had knelt down before Iris solemnly and pledged his loyalty to her. On the other hand, Elder Rose gave a dagger look at Rei.
"What about Abby?" Elder Rose glanced at her daughter, whose had her mouth sealed tightly, she clenched her fists. "What will happen to her? She is the Serafim." 
"The pure faction has never acknowledged her as the one," the same man spoke again. "We have everything done, Abby will be nullified from her position and luna Iris will claim her rightful status." 
"The Holy Kingdom people will not agree with that!" Elder Rose shouted in frustration. "Do you really think you can change all the people’s mind?!" 
"The notion of it has happened ever since we left the Holy Kingdom. Seventy to eighty percent of people has agreed with us. Their disappointment on Abby for not meeting up their expectation all these years made it easy for them to understand that Abby has never been the real Serafim." 
Rei had everything planned before he left Andelus Continent and even though thing escalated sooner than he expected, it still went relatively well. 
On the other hand, Redmond was speechless. How could the situation turn like this? They were not here for this. He glanced at Cane and immediately knew that thing had gotten out of his hands too. The alpha didn’t expect this turn of event. 
It seemed, Cane finally met someone as wicked as him. This wouldn’t be a good thing for their future. 
Rei came in full force toward Iris, he offered everything that they needed in this period of time; loyalty, power, army and a full support. He pledged his loyalty to her openly and offered the highest position in the Holy Kingdom... or it was safe to say, this realm. Because a Serafim was not a figure in the Holy Kingdom alone, she was a figure that was well known in the entire realm. 
One thing that you needed to realize was; the Holy Kingdom could interfere in the matter of the other kingdom if it was related to the magic user or magic in general. She was a symbol of peace and power, where her presence was expected during pandemic time because of her healing power, which was often happened in some part of the kingdom. 
That was why, king Aeon actually did a great job to keep this kingdom away from the interference of the Holy Kingdom for decades, because once they got involved, it would be hard to untangle yourself from their influence. 
Rei was being very wicked and this was only the tip of the iceberg of his schemes. 
He couldn’t get Iris by force, such as kidnapping her like he did in the past, but he ensnared her in different way. He changed his tune completely when the situation did not benefit him. 
This was the person that they had to deal with aside from Decratic. 
"No way! You can’t do that!" Elder Rose screamed. Her veins popped out, as she tried her hardest to hold herself back from attacking Rei. "Why didn’t you say anything?!" She turned around and faced Abby angrily. "You are the Serafim! Did you forget what you have to go through to reach this position?! Have you forgotten all of those hard time?!" 
Elder Xarex finally fell into silent. He didn’t say anything, his expression troubled. He was still trying to get a grip of what was happening because everything moved too fast, as it took a drastic turn. 
"I don’t want the title anymore," Abby said. She felt the burden lifted from her shoulders, but why her heart was still very heavy? Everything that she had done and gone through during her hard training and lesson flashed before her eyes. 
And everything was for nothing. 
She was raised as the Serafim, taught to be one, expected to be one, but now she lost it. Being a Serafim was her entire identity, her life... and now she didn’t have it, what she was? 
"I will step down," Abby said in small voice. The heavy burden was lifted, but her heart was bleeding. 
Elder Rose couldn’t believe with what she heard, so did Elder Xarex, but before they could regain their composure, Abby had left the room. She felt her chest tightened and she might breakdown crying there, that was the last thing she wanted. 
Once Abby left, all the focus was on Iris again. 
"Whether you accepted my loyalty or not, the whole Kingdom will be at your disposal, Serafim," Rei spoke solemnly, as if he was not the person, who tried to kill Lou just a few hours ago. 
Even now, he was still being forceful toward Iris. He didn’t give her any option to reject him. Whether Iris came to him, or him to her, it didn’t matter for Rei, because as long as he was with her, everything wouldn’t go in vain. 
"I still don’t accept it," Iris said sternly, she was upset beyond word. 
"So, you pledged your loyalty to her?" Cane finally spoke after he was very quiet the whole time. He opened a chair for her and asked her to sit down before he continued his question, because Iris had stood for a long time. "How far will you show your loyalty to her?" 
Rei was still kneeling down, along with the two men behind him and Elder Dandolf, while the other two elders still refused to show their loyalty. They didn’t acknowledge Iris as the Serafim yet, but it would only be a matter of time. 
"I didn’t answer to you," Rei replied proudly to Cane. 
"Answer his question," Iris said angrily. 
Hearing this, Redmond felt very familiar. He tilted his head, trying to remember where he had seen this situation. 
Surprisingly, even though Iris humiliated him, Rei still had this smile on his lips when he answered her. "I will go to the end of the world for you." 
"Can you go now and stay there?" Iris replied. 
Jace and Redmond almost laughed out loud when he heard this, they lowered their head and cleared their throat. 
On the other hand, Cane simply caressed her cheek, knew how much his mate was upset. She looked so beautiful when she was being snarky like this. 
However, her comment didn’t affect Rei, he was still smiling. "In that case, I can’t help you with Decratic. We need to take him down, right? And I can only help, if I stay by your side." 
"Who allowed you to stand up?" Iris snapped when Rei was about to stand.
###Chapter 909: I DON’T LIKE THIS SCENT
Chapter 909: I DON’T LIKE THIS SCENT
If Rei wanted to play this game and acted as if he was a good servant, then Iris determined to treat him as one. Having additional servant would always be nice. 
By then, Redmond realized where he got this familiar feeling. This actually not something that he had seen before, but actually something that he had experienced. 
In the past, he was in Rei’s position, where he pledged his loyalty to Iris, but actually it was Cane, who gave him all the annoying task. 
Seriously, you wouldn’t do anything without the alpha’s approval and by the time, you would learn that it would be faster to ask Cane directly rather than Iris, since the order would come from the alpha in the end. 
Redmond really wanted to laugh and welcome Rei to the same fate. 
What a fool of Rei to think he could ignore Cane and simply pledged his loyalty to Iris by neglecting the alpha? He was going to be Cane’s servant instead. 
Redmond had been there and done that, needless to say he learned fast and had to facepalm himself once he settled with their dynamic, especially now when Iris openly refused to accept him. What chance did he have? 
He didn’t know whether the situation turned to their favor or they only fell deeper into trouble. It was hard to tell. 
"Upset?" Cane asked Iris when they returned to their bedroom. The problem had not yet solved completely, but the alpha decided to postpone it because it was already very late and Iris needed to rest. 
Thankfully, her condition was still unknown. Rei didn’t seem to know about it either and they would keep it that way for as long as possible. 
"I don’t like this." Iris snuggled against Cane’s chest, the only place she felt safe to talk about her feeling and what was in her mind. 
They didn’t expect this to happen and the meeting turned out to be Rei’s declaration. All this time, they had been trying to keep their distance with him and was careful enough to not get him involved too deep. 
Yet, here he was, putting all the responsibility on Iris and trapped her in. He forcefully shoved himself, even to the point he was willing to degrade himself to be able to stay with her. He was insane. 
What was his end goal when it was well known that she was with Cane? She had Cane and no one would be able to replace his place. 
"Do you want me to kill him?" Cane asked lightly, as if he was asking about what food she wanted to eat. 
Iris peeked through her curls, she pouted her lips sullenly. "You know that’s not possible." 
"It’s possible." 
"At what cost?" 
Rei was a vital figure in the Holy Kingdom and if he died, the whole continent would hunt them down, there was no way they would let it go easily, neither they would be able to get rid of them from their land. 
No matter what the dispute between their faction, Rei was their founder, his existence was the foundation of the Holy Kingdom’s existence too. 
Not to mention, with the black magic he held, killing him wouldn’t be an easy task. 
"No. Don’t do it." 
"It will worth it." 
"No." Iris didn’t agree with him. "I am not going to put you in danger. There must be another way to deal with this." 
Not only Cane, but their babies also the people who supported them would be put in the highlight and their lives would be at risk too. Iris was not going to take that route and she was sure, Cane was also aware of this, or else, he wouldn’t have talked about it with her and be done with his plan on his own. 
Cane cupped her face, mirth in his eyes when he looked at his mate’s furrowed brows. "Now you do the thinking. Should I sit back and relax? After all, you have done a great job to lead those warriors and handle all the things that had to be dealt with when I was unconscious." 
Iris scrunched her nose. "Are you going to shrug off your responsibility and give it to your pregnant mate?" 
Cane laughed and kissed her lips before he went down to her neck, but then he stopped abruptly. A dangerous growl from his throat. 
"Wh- what? What is it?" Iris looked around her, thinking they were under attack or there was unwelcomed guest in the room. It happened in the past, after all, she didn’t have a keen sense like Cane did. 
"I hate this scent!" Cane groaned annoyingly. Rei’s scent still on her. "I will make your bath." 
"What? Now? No..." Iris whimpered, she didn’t want to take a bath in the middle of the night. 
"You only need to sit there and relax. I will do the work," Cane said softly in persuading tone, as he leaned over and kissed her lips. 
At first, Iris groaned in complain, but in the end, she couldn’t reject him. She melted with the way she was kissed. 
However, when Iris thought she would leave unscathed, Cane reminded her that he was still holding a grudge. 
"So, why didn’t you tell me about how Rei hugged you, hm?" Cane started to undress her and Iris still blushed whenever she was naked in front of him. 
"Because you will be upset." Iris looked at him sheepishly, like a child, who was caught red handed doing something wrong. "You are upset now." She pointed it out. 
"You have a good observation." 
Iris grimaced. 
============================ 
"So, the almost dead one, the brat, the annoying sorcerer and the jerk?" Ethan counted it with his fingers. "With this we already got four protectors for Iris, right?" 
Jace scrunched his nose. The gamma could call them with their name, but he chose to name calling them. "Who is the brat?" 
"Zale," Redmond said the obvious. 
Currently, the four of them, well five if you counted it with the unconscious Lou, were inside the merchant’s bedroom, gathering there to discuss about the meeting earlier. 
"Who is almost the dead one?" Cedric asked, but when all eyes were on him he realized it immediately. "Okay. I thought it was the merchant. He is almost dead too now." 
Cedric was still in disbelieve he was sitting among these people. He also still wrapped his head with the idea that he actually Iris’s warrior and he had a birthmark on his back that resembled the insignia on his sword.
He swore, he didn’t have the birthmark before this, but now the symbol was there, on his back. 
"Well, should I say congratulation that Rei will join your gang?" Ethan made a witty remark. "Should I check my back, maybe I have it with me. After all, I am very close with Iris." 
"Don’t even think about that." Jace glared at Ethan when he was bout to undress himself. 
"Just to be sure." Ethan didn’t hear him and keep undressing himself to show them his back. "After all, Cedric didn’t have it to begin with. Maybe the symbol just appeared suddenly on my back too." 
"Put on your clothes. I already have a difficult day, I don’t want to see your bareback," Redmond growled at him. 
"No. You don’t have it." Cedric was kind enough to inform him that, taking the matter seriously, as he really looked at his back. 
"This is unfair!" Ethan groaned in annoyance. "I am close with her." 
"Put on your clothes, or I will do it for you," Jace said sternly with a voice that mixed with a warning. 
"Alright, alright..." Ethan put on his clothes again. 
Cedric saw a few scars on Ethan’s body. He thought shifters would heal from any injuries, but it seemed, there was a certain wound that would last, just like the scar on Cane’s face. 
"What do you think about this?" Jace asked Cedric. "You came from Holy Kingdom, there must be something that you can tell us. Some information about Rei, whether or not he is the real protector?" 
Cedric flinched when Rei’s name was mentioned because his name reminded him of when he slit his throat and blood that oozed out from his opened wound. 
"Unfortunately, I don’t know much. I don’t even know about the detail of the ritual." Cedric lifted his head and looked at Jace. "Why don’t you ask Abby?" He contemplated for a while. "Can I see her?" 
She must be very sad right now, devastated even because no one actually by her side. Aside from Liam, Cedric knew very well how Abby felt about the whole Serafim’s things and how precious it was for her. 
"I will ask the alpha and the luna about this. I can’t decide it," Jace replied and Cedric nodded in understanding. He had been spending his time inside this room. 
It was funny how he and Lou were now in the same situation, but with different roles. 
"Do you think Rei will get up?" Redmond asked suddenly, he remembered how the luna didn’t allow him to stand up and right now, Rei and the other two of his men also Elder Dandolf were still kneeling on the same position. 
"I bet he would have stand up by now." Ethan was very convinced about this, so did Cedric, because he knew how prideful Rei was. 
"Yes, I don’t think he will go through with it," the beta agreed with it. 
However, to everyone surprise, Rei was still kneeling down the next day when they saw him.
###Chapter 910: DO YOU THINK YOU ARE BETTER THAN ME?
Chapter 910: DO YOU THINK YOU ARE BETTER THAN ME?
"He is crazy..." Ethan clicked his tongue when he saw Rei and the other three people were still kneeling down on the floor, they didn’t move an inch from where Iris left them the previous night. "What they wanted to prove?" 
"Dramatic," Redmond said, he only glanced at them nonchalantly. It was good for them to stay there. At the very least, there was one good thing about Rei’s quality, he kept his word and he wouldn’t stand up until Iris said so. 
Ethan shrugged his shoulders and continued to walk with Redmond, they didn’t have time to think about Rei, because Cane almost killed them with a bunch of tasks. 
Right now, Cane wanted them to list all the people from the Black Market, categorized them based on their kind. The merchant, magic users, the shifters, the knights and many more. 
"Why that woman didn’t kill them? It will give us less work," Redmond complained after three hours dealt with a lot of people and talked too much to question them. He didn’t use to work with word. 
Redmond worked this with Ethan and Aliana, also another five warriors. While it was a hell for Redmond, Ethan and Aliana seemed to enjoy it. They didn’t have much time together because of their own busy task, thus they were more than welcome to this assignment, since they would spend hours together. 
And even when the sun down, they still had a lot of people that had not been on the list. Seemingly this task would continue for another three to four days. 
Some merchant wanted to leave for their continent, but some of them wanted to stay and help Cane to take revenge on Kellan and Alan. 
Cane didn’t pressure them to join his case, but he relied on their nature to hold a grudge and it was proven more effective and at the same time, with the way Cane treated them, the alpha and the merchant were on a good term. 
As a way to show their gratitude, those merchants wrote letter to their men to send more supply, which in this case was a great help to relieve the famine in some places. 
"There you are!" Ethan exclaimed, as he approached Redmond and Jace. Currently, they were inside a tavern, enjoying their cold drink after a long and tiring day. "You drink without me! I don’t know that the two of you became close?" he furrowed his brows and sat between Redmond and Jace. 
"Don’t be ridiculous," Redmond growled. "I am not close with him." They only happened to be together. 
"Have you talked with the alpha about that matter?" Jace asked Ethan and the gamma immediately knew what matter he was talking about. 
"Yes, but Cane said it would be better to wait. He still wanted to observe her, whether or not she would fold. From the look of it, he doesn’t trust her at all." Ethan ordered his drink. 
They were talking about Cedric’s request to meet with Abby, but Cane still didn’t allow that. He still wanted to be sure if Abby really had burned the bridge between her and the people from the Holy Kingdom. 
Meanwhile, Rei and the other three men with him, including Elder Dandolf were still kneeling even when the next day came, which meant, they were in the same position for almost two days by now. 
"Rei, are you sure this is the right thing to do?" Elder Dandolf couldn’t feel his legs anymore, he was about to give up. Without food and water, neither proper rest, he felt like he was going to die. 
"She will fold," Rei replied, there was no trace of fatigue in his voice, as if he could do this for the next few days. 
"I am not sure, she has never come to see us." 
"It doesn’t mean she didn’t know." Rei was betting on Iris’s soft nature. "But, even if this didn’t work. She will come to seek for me eventually." 
With that, they continued to stay like that for another two days. Thankfully, Elder Xarex came and ordered someone to feed them, which gave them some strength to continue because the shifters side didn’t give a shit about them. 
On the other hand, Because Grace was proven innocent, the matter with Abby was a close case and right now, she was paying her attention on healing Lou. The merchant was still unconscious. 
"How is he?" Iris asked Grace, she visited Lou everyday and stayed there for hours to figure out how to help him. 
Iris was sure she had purified all the black magic that was inflicted by Rei, she even absorbed a little bit of black magic from him that couldn’t be purified, where she saw a glimpse of his memories, where a woman in red robes was being burned alive. That must be his core memory, because that was the first thing that Iris saw. 
"I am sorry, luna," Grace apologized because she couldn’t be any of help. "I have tried everything, but he didn’t wake up. My guess is... this must be poison, but this poison does not come from our continent. I am not familiar with this." 
Using black magic and poison at the same time, if the poison didn’t come from this continent, it did make sense. Iris’s healing ability didn’t work too, probably because she was still figuring out this aspect of her power and poison was a complicated matter compared to healing a broken leg or injuries. 
But then, what kind of person who carried poison with them all the time? Iris touched her stomach instinctively. She glanced at her little lights. They were the size of her thumbs now. One of them was very active, while the other seemingly too lazy to move. 
"This is the fifth day, luna," Grace reminded Iris that Rei and the other were still kneeling on the floor. 
"Are they still alive?" Iris was aware, because Elder Xarex and Elder Rose kept fussing about this to Cane, but the alpha only said; they could stand up if they wanted. 
The problem was; Rei wouldn’t stand up if Iris didn’t say so and Cane didn’t allow the elders to meet with Iris. 
"Yes, Elder Xarex kept persuading Rei to stop and feed them." Or else, they would have died by now. 
Iris nodded. She was surprised by how determined Rei was. He really changed his tune and attitude. Instead of taking Iris with him quietly like what Cane and she expected he would do, his action was loud to make it public that Iris belonged to the Holy Kingdom. 
"Luna Iris," Grace called her name carefully. "I think if we want to heal sir Lou, the only person, who knew how to must be him." 
Iris was aware of that too, but she still refused to ask. She wanted to prolong their suffering. Would this make her a bad person? 
"I know," Iris said in small voice. 
For that, she went out of the room and asked Zephyr about Cane’s whereabout. She wanted to discuss this with her mate and couldn’t wait until night. 
"The alpha is still with the merchant, luna," Zephyr replied and from the corner, Iris could see Lil Thing came approaching them. 
The bear used to wander the area, but very often would come to find Iris, asking a few scratches behind its back before it left again. 
"I want to see him," Iris said. She had never seen the merchant and the people from the Black Market ever since they arrived. 
Zephyr showed the way and the other four warriors followed. Kian glanced at the close door, his expression was unreadable. 
While Iris was trying to figure out how to heal Lou without getting Rei’s involvement, Abby became a shell of herself and they still didn’t know where Liam was. 
She spent her time inside her bedroom, staring at the wall, deep in her own thought. Elder Rose would come occasionally to see her, but most of the time, she would talk so harshly, in which Abby chose to tune her off. 
Just like right now. 
"You really ruin your life," Elder Rose said through her gritted teeth. "And for what? For that baby? How will you raise that baby? Rei might not interest in your baby anymore, but what are you now when your title stripped off of you?" 
And there were many more hurtful words that Elder Rose hurled toward Abby. 
"You are really a disappointment. You were the disappointment when you were born and you are the disappointment even now." 
Abby flinched. It seemed the word finally got to her, she tilted her head and looked at Elder Rose right in the eyes for the first time. 
"Do you ever... love me?" Abby asked, her voice was very weak, it mixed with fatigue. She looked very tired, as if she just returned from a long journey, but then it was still not the end of it. "Have you ever thought about me as your daughter ever since I was born? Why do you hate me so much? What did I do wrong in your eyes aside from being alive?" 
Abby stood up, she walked closer toward Elder Rose, who was still looking for the right word to answer her, but Abby didn’t allow her to speak. She had talked enough. 
"I know about your second baby," Abby said. "I read your record." 
All color drained from Elder Rose’s face when she heard that.
"You had an affair with your own protector and became pregnant. Do you think you are better than me?"
###Chapter 911: THE BLIND MAN
Chapter 911: THE BLIND MAN
"You had an affair with your own protector and became pregnant. Do you think you are better than me?" 
That timid little girl, who was trying to please everyone, now turned very cold and nonchalant. 
"Maybe it runs in my blood to screw my protector." 
In the past, Abby wouldn’t have even dared to imagine she said something like this, but right now, instead of being scared, she felt this emptiness, even her fear couldn’t reach her. She was shut off from the reality. 
Her mind still wondered where Liam was, but she didn’t know who she should ask. She didn’t have anyone in the Holy Kingdom, a sad fact that she just realized it now. It was very late for her to notice it. All this time, it would be Liam and Cedric, who stayed by her side. 
"Abby!" Elder Rose looked livid and shock, but aside from that, she was awfully humiliated from being called out. "How dare you saying such thing!" 
Elder Rose raised her hand and was about to slap Abby, but she was not that fast. She had aged and became slow, thus Abby could see it coming. She swatted her hand easily. 
"Am I wrong?" Abby didn’t change her expression. "Did I say something wrong? You don’t like Rei because he never returned the baby that you conceived out of love with the man that you truly loved. I bet you never knew the baby’s whereabouts until now." 
It was very liberating to be able to speak up what was in your mind, being freed from fear and the consequences of your action. It felt good when you were be able to stand up for yourself and point out how shitty the person, who had been talking down on you. 
They acted holy, but there was nothing holy about them. The more you knew about them, the more you would be able to smell their shit. 
"All of those years you taught me how to be a proper Serafim, only now I learned a valuable lesson." Abby looked at Elder Rose in her eyes, she didn’t falter, neither she stuttered when she spoke. "You show me what kind of mother I don’t want to be." 
After saying that, Abby walked out of her bedroom, leaving Elder Rose, who looked like someone just smacked her face. Her eyes turned red, but she gritted her teeth and composed herself, and when she walked out, Abby had gone. She didn’t know where she was going to. 
Meanwhile, Abby hastened her step to go to the shifters’ quarter. The closer she was, the more she met with warriors and all of them looked at her openly with a furrow between their brows, as if questioning why she was around. 
And with her numb feeling, Abby kept walking. 
However, when she reached the alpha and the luna’s bedroom, two warriors stopped her and asked what she was doing there. 
"The alpha and the luna are not here. You can leave. We will tell the luna that you come by." 
See? The way they treated her had drastically changed, even before she let go of her title officially. They had been there and witnessed everything how their luna outpowered her and now they didn’t give her an ounce of respect. 
"I will wait for her." Abby was picking up her fingers again. 
On the other hand, Iris was looking for Cane. The alpha was talking to Cezi and his beta, Arche. Both of them nodded their head politely at Iris when she approached them, while Cane stretched out his hand to pull her closer to him. 
"What bring you here?" Cane kissed her cheek. 
"I have something to discuss with you," Iris said, but then she glanced at Cezi and Arche. "I will wait for you after you finished." 
"There is no need for that luna, we are done. We are about to leave," Cezi immediately said. He and his beta then resigned themselves, leaving the two of them. 
"Did I intervene with your discussion?" Iris asked, while walking side by side with Cane. This place was rather chaotic because there were so many people here, thus the alpha took his mate to a quieter place. 
"No. We had discussed the important detail when you came." Cane took her to a tavern and let her sit down. It was a very hot day and Iris was sweating. He ordered two cold drinks for the two of them. 
"What did you discuss?" Iris was being curious and the alpha actually entertained her curiosity by explaining his discussion with Cezi. 
It was about how to accommodate those merchants, who was going to stay and fight against the royal. They were not really good at fighting, but they could provide supplies and weapons for the knights, some of them sent their men to the Goffa mountain in order to mine the magic stone, since warrior from the Blue Moon pack joined their course, they lacked of people to do so. 
The magic stone of course to provide the magic user in battle. 
Cane explained all of that patiently and when the drinks came, he tasted her drink first and waited for a while, only when he thought it was safe, he gave it to her. 
Iris was grateful by how thoughtful he was.
The alpha did the same when their food came, because Iris said she had not yet eaten anything and would love to try to eat here, since it had been a while, she was eating out. 
"Do you like it?" Cane asked when Iris devoured her food. She became a foody recently. He noticed how she was always snaking and ate more than usual, which was a good thing. 
"The chicken is overcooked, but it’s fine," Iris replied. 
Cane pulled up her hair so it wouldn’t get dirty. "So, why did you look for me?" 
"Oh, right!" Iris put down her chicken. She completely forgot her intention to look for him. "I want to discuss something with you." 
"About Lou?" 
"How do you know?" Iris narrowed her eyes. 
"I think I can read you easily now." Cane kissed her lips to get the sauce of her. 
Iris then told him what was in her mind and what Grace was thinking that it was only Rei, who knew how to heal Lou. 
"Have you talked to her?" Cane asked. By ’her’ here, he meant Abby. 
"No." Iris shook her head and took a bite of her chicken again. "She has been locking herself in her bedroom and she has not yet replied any of my letter." Iris licked her fingers. "Maybe I should come to visit her personally." 
Cane agreed, but only if he came along with her too, which he couldn’t do it now or tomorrow. "Let’s do it in two days." 
Iris nodded, but her focus was still on her chicken. They didn’t talk about Rei at all, if it was possible, Rei could kneel down like that until the end of time, but they also knew this matter would need to be addressed sooner or later. 
"What are you going to do now?" Iris didn’t want to go back to her bedroom. 
Cane thought about it for a while. "Do you want to come with me?" 
"Yes!" Iris’s eyes lit up. 
And with that, after their meal, the two of them went to see the people from the Black Market. Cane talked with some of them, discussing something that sounded like rebuilding Black Market again. 
That would definitely become their goal, but of course, before it could happen, there was a huge problem that they needed to be tackled. 
They were currently, inside a huge tent, that could accommodate hundred of people and all of them were busy with their own things. 
Iris listened to their conversation, sitting quietly with a drink on the table beside her when her eyes caught a sight of a bald man, who was sitting at the opposite corner from her. She recognized this old man. 
This was the man, who gave the entry tattoo to Cane almost two years ago when they went to Black Market. More importantly, he was also the first person, for as long as Iris could remember, who pointed out that she was not a runt and guessed that she was a magic user instead. 
Like before, he had this piece of clothe around his eyes, which made her thinking that he was blind. Iris took her glass and walked over to sit next to him. 
The blind man turned his head. "Hello again," he said. He talked in Andel language, the language spoken on Andel continent. 
Iris blinked her eyes, surprised. She didn’t even say a word, but how could he know it was her? "Do you know me?" she answered with the same language. 
"We met before, didn’t we?" The man smiled softly. "Just because I am blind, it doesn’t mean I couldn’t recognize you." 
"How?" Iris asked him again. 
"I am blind, but I have a great sense." 
It was not only great, but incredible! For him to still recognize Iris. 
"In the past..." Because this man already knew about her, she wouldn’t waste her time again. Definitely, this habit to talk straight to the point was influenced by Cane. "How do you know that I am a magic user?" 
Iris was not completely a magic user, her power was different, but obviously she was not a shifter or a runt. 
"Oh, I know. Shifters have this strong presence, but magic users have unique presence, but you are a little bit different."
###Chapter 912: THE BRIGHT PRESENCE OF THE REAL SERAFIM
Chapter 912: THE BRIGHT PRESENCE OF THE REAL SERAFIM
This intrigued Iris. She leaned her body to listen more carefully of what he was going to say. "What is different about me?" 
"Shifters have strong presence because they have their beast in their soul and magic users are warm, they are warm creature, because they have this magic within them, but you..." The blind man tilted his head. "You are bright. Even a blind man like me can see how bright you are." 
Iris furrowed her brows, she asked sheepishly. "I am sorry, I don’t think I get it." She bit her lip and prodded further carefully. "What about... a Serafim." 
The blind man chuckled. "Believe me, I served a Serafim before I was sold to the Black Market." Human trafficking was a common thing in this realm. 
Iris was startled. "Do you mean... did you come from Holy Kingdom?" She knew he was from Andelus continent, since he spoke their language. 
"Holy Kingdom..." the man contemplated. "Yes. I was born into that land and served Serafim Rose. I heard she was here, but I am sure she will not recognize me anymore. I didn’t have a high position to be recognized by her though, but I am a great magic user." 
Iris felt something tugged in her heartstring when she heard that, Haco used to brag about it too. She missed him and felt so bad for not being able to see him in his last. She didn’t even know that he had gone until it was very late. 
However, Cane always reassured her that he left happy and contented. 
"So, what is the different?" Iris asked again, taking them back to the main topic. 
"Strangely, Serafim’s presence is cold." 
"Cold?" Iris frowned, she didn’t expect this. "What do you mean with cold?" 
"The Serafim feels like a lake during the end of the winter. Like a shadow at night." The man was surprisingly liked to talk a lot. "But you... you are like a sunshine, where even a lost soul can find their way back home if they followed you." 
Iris felt her blood rushed in her veins, as a lot of questions came into her mind. "What happened with your eyes?" 
Iris had been very curious about this. If he was blind, there was no need for him to cover his eyes, right? 
"Oh, I got punishment because I saw what I shouldn’t." 
"What did you see?" Iris felt this urge to pull down the piece of clothe that covered his eyes. 
"Something horrendous," the man said in small voice. "Something that would keep you up at night." 
His voice became very small, as if he was trying to keep Iris on edge, which did work, but before he could speak more, Aliana had approached her. 
"Miss, what are you doing here?" Hanna asked Iris, she glanced at the man beside her. "Let’s go, you need to come with me." 
Iris didn’t want to leave yet, she still had a lot to ask. "No, I have a conversation with him." 
Seeing Iris didn’t want to leave, Hanna leaned over and whispered to her ear. "The Serafim is waiting for you, she looks upset. I think she is going to cry." 
With this news, Iris was torn. She wanted to continue her conversation with this blind man, but she needed to talk with Abby too. In the end, she chose to leave and meet with Abby first. This man could wait. 
But, before she left, she went to Cane and informed him about this. The alpha still had a lot of things to do here, he couldn’t leave just yet, thus it was only Iris and her small entourage that left the tent. 
Cane asked Dean and Pax to accompany Iris too, which was not necessary, because the distance between this tent to the pack house was not too far, but the alpha insisted and Iris wanted to give him a peace of mind. 
Cane already had a lot, she didn’t want to add to his worried. 
He even walked her back to her carriage and kissed her lips and her knuckles before she entered the carriage, which made Iris chuckled. They were going to meet again tonight, more so, they were in public and Cane didn’t even hold back when he showed his display of affection. 
With that, Iris left and when she arrived at the pack house, she immediately went to her bedroom, but outside, she saw Abby was leaning her head against the pillar, sitting on the fence. She closed her eyes, but she opened them when she felt someone approached her and lifted her head to see Iris. 
Abby stared at her with that emptiness in her eyes. Iris felt like she saw herself with the great resemblance between them. 
"I have nowhere to go," Abby said. 
"You can come to me." 
Abby nodded. "I know, that’s why I am here." 
This was what Cane talked about. Sometime his method was rather cruel, no, actually most of the time. Cane told Iris not to reach out to help Abby anymore and to stop writing to her. 
He wanted Abby to feel alone, so she could see it for herself that she couldn’t get help from anyone in her people. Pushed her to the corner until she made her own decision to come to them. 
Cane told Iris that it would be a faster way to get Abby to cross the bridge and burn it, knowing how Elder Rose and the other people treated her, they must help this case to push Abby to the edge. 
"Come here, I want you to see someone," Iris said. She stretched out her hand to help Abby to get down from the fence. 
Abby was surprised that she was welcomed almost immediately. It had never happened to her before, especially with the way her all this time, she expected Iris to have an attitude with her or even asked a bunch of question, putting her into a pressure to get more information. Not to mention with the way she acted. She knew didn’t act maturely when her jealous got the best of her. 
But no, the luna didn’t do any of it. 
"Luna Iris," Abby said hastily, as she straightened her back and accepted her hand. Her hand was warm. "I- I..." She didn’t know whether she had to explain herself or she needed to apologize to her or should she thank her first? 
In the end, Abby couldn’t utter a single word. She felt very lonely. 
Once again, Cane was right. Abby would welcome even a tiniest kindness at this moment, a simple act would mean a lot for her and she would be forever grateful. 
Iris felt bad that there was an ulterior motive behind her action, but she was genuine when she felt bad for Abby and wanted to help her now. 
"There is no need for a small talk anymore," Iris said, cutting her off. She squeezed her hand, reassuring her that she was not alone. "Come. I told you I want you to see someone." 
Cane gave Iris the authority to decide when was the right time to bring Abby and Cedric together. And she thought, this was the perfect time. Making Abby to be more grateful to her it was a step forward toward having her loyalty. 
Iris sighed. Since when she became very calculative and cunning like this? She felt like she became an opportunist just like Cane. 
Iris took Abby to Lou’s bedroom, where Cedric and Amee were there, taking care of Lou. 
"This..." Abby was shocked. Both of them were shocked, because they didn’t expect today would be the day they would meet again. 
Abby couldn’t speak, her chest tightened and she broke down to her knees, sobbing painfully. She couldn’t believe her eyes and didn’t know why she was crying instead of rejoicing with the fact Cedric was still alive. 
Probably because the feeling of relief that overwhelmed her, the feeling of grateful and whatnot. She couldn’t describe it. 
Cedric quickly rushed toward her side and hugged her, while Abby clung to him. Hugged him so tightly, until Cedric was afraid she would hurt herself. 
"I thought you were dead... I thought I will never see you again..." Abby cried her heart out. She remembered the sight of Cedric when the last time she saw him. She didn’t even have a chance to say goodbye. 
All the emotions flooded like a broken dam. Her body was trembling and her breathing became erratic. She thought she was going to be alone, but Cedric was here now, the familiar face, the familiar person. Someone that she could call as her people. 
"It’s okay, Abby, it’s okay... don’t cry." Cedric gritted his teeth, her cries hurt him too because he could feel her pain. 
On the other hand, Iris went to check on Lou when Amee was wiping his body and there she saw the birthmark on his back. 
"They are very emotional, I hope they will stay together with us, the people from the Holy Kingdom are not good people," Amee said, wiping her tears because she was touched. 
Iris fixed her eyes on the birthmark. It was indeed very black and not only that, she knew the pattern by heart. It was not only the birthmark turned dark, but there was some part of it that vanished. You wouldn’t be able to tell if you didn’t look at it closely. 
"Luna?" Amee blinked her eyes in confusion when Iris stretched out her hand to touch the birthmark. Impossible if this was going to vanish, right?
###Chapter 913: TWO MONTHS AND CANE’S WICKED PLAN
Chapter 913: TWO MONTHS AND CANE’S WICKED PLAN
Abby was still crying and Cedric was trying to comfort her, stopped her from hurting herself, because she was too emotional. 
But at the same time, Iris realized how vicious Rei was. Her heart was beating so fast because of her lack of knowledge about Lou’s condition. 
Today was the eighth day since Lou fought Rei that put him into this state, but the birthmark slowly vanished. It was not like the whole mark started to fade away, no. The mark started to disappear inch by inch, as if this black thing that infected him and ran in his blood was the cause of it. 
Iris gritted her teeth. In this rate, the birthmark would vanish within two to three months and no one would notice that, since Amee or Hanna, who used to clean him up didn’t understand with the meaning behind the birthmark. 
From their eyes, it must be only a unique tattoo, since it was the color of black now. 
And what if it vanished? What happened to Lou? What happened to her? Because the one who had it, supposed to be her true protector, right? If it vanished, what happened then? 
"Amee, you can leave," Iris said. She was still thinking of what might happen. 
"Luna?" Amee looked worried with the expression she made. "What happened, luna?" 
"Please, leave." Iris’s eyes still fixed on Lou’s birthmark. "Call Grace. I want her to be here right away." 
Currently, Grace was with the other healers from this pack and magic users from the Holy Kingdom, they were taking care of the merchants, who were injured during their confinement. Some of them died, some of them were in critical condition, but thankfully, most of them were fine. 
And when Grace arrived, Abby was already calm down, Cedric stayed by her side the whole time, she didn’t say anything, but she clung onto the knight, as if she was afraid, he would disappear again. Abby looked so desperate. 
"Grace, can you tell me what happened now?" Iris stood up and let Grace to sit in her place. "Check him thoroughly and tell me if there is something different, even if it’s only your assumption, just tell me." 
Grace didn’t understand what Iris meant by that, but she did what she was told and there was indeed slightly differences from her last diagnose. 
"His heartbeat slowed down and his blood became a little bit thicker than usual." Grace fished out a small needle from her pocket and poke the tip of Lou’s finger, she pressed down to get a drop of his blood to make sure with her statement, since it was very subtle, until she thought she was only imagining it. 
But after she checked, she was right. Lou’s blood became a little bit thicker. If this continued, it would be fatal for the merchant. 
"How do you know about it, luna?" Grace was sure her healing ability was not this advance yet. 
Iris was not sure how she knew about it. "I don’t know." She shook her head. "I just knew it." Just like how she knew how to heal a certain things and how she could use the black wisp that originally belonged to the lycan or how she summoned the Shylp, everything came to her natural. There was no method, neither she used her power methodically. It just happened, as if she had known about it for her whole life. 
However, knowing she had Na’s life essence along with her memories, it did make sense. 
"How long?" Iris gulped down. "How long it became fatal if his condition continued like this?" 
Lou would have guffawed and danced in happiness to see the concern and worry in Iris’s eyes for him, unfortunately, he was not even conscious to witness it. 
"A month or two," Grace replied and this was the same period of time that Iris guessed, the birthmark on Lou’s back would disappear as well. 
Iris gritted her teeth and turned around to talk with Abby. She understood Abby and Cedric were too occupied right now and she was not in the right mind to have this discussion, but Iris needed Abby to know about Lou’s condition. 
Thankfully, she was already calmed down and was actually staring at her with curious look in her eyes. 
"Abby, I need you to come here and check this," Iris said, she then took Abby with her to the inner room, where Lou was still laying unconsciously. Cedric followed behind them. 
Iris then explained everything and how fatal his condition would be if this kept continuing. She also explained about the birthmark. 
"You are indeed the Serafim," she murmured to herself, talking to no one in particular. 
"Do you know something about this?" Iris asked Abby again, because she was very quiet, as she checked on Lou. Her eyes were puffy and there was still the trace of tears on her cheeks, but right now she was deep in thought. 
"This is poison." Abby finally concluded. When it happened, she and Iris tried to purify the curses and black magic from Lou’s body, but after that moment Abby had never met Lou again, neither she knew how she was. Only now she saw him. "There is this poisonous plant in our continent, we call this as Heartthrob leaf, because the leaves are really throbbing. While the leaf is poisonous, the root is very nutritious and it can be used as the antidote for the poison." 
"Where can I get that?" 
"I don’t think you can get it here. You can only find the plant in Andelus Continent during winter." 
It was understandable that Grace didn’t really know about this plant, because even for the people in the Andelus continent, this plant was very rare. It was a seasonal plant, which you could only find during winter. Its root gave nutrition for the animal before they went to hibernation. 
"But, usually, the poisoner will always carry the antidote," Abby added and all of them knew what it meant. 
They went back into the circle, which left Iris with the only solution; if she wanted to save Lou’s life, she was going to meet with Rei and ask for it. 
Heaven knew what he would ask her in return and how the conversation would go. 
Later that night, Iris told Cane about it and also her conversation with the bald and blind man. Cane remembered him, since he was the one, who gave the invisible tattoo to him in order to enter the Black Market. 
"What do you think? What should I do?" Iris snuggled against his chest, her head was throbbing painfully, while Cane caressed her back in soothing motion. 
"Two months," Cane contemplated. Lou would hold on until two months... "Let’s make a bet," he said. 
"Hm?" Iris lifted her head and looked at Cane. "What do you mean?" 
"You won’t go to look for Rei, but let him come to beg you instead," Cane said. 
Iris thought about his words seriously, but she still couldn’t get it. "I don’t understand." 
"Two months. Let him wait for two months."
Iris widened her eyes when she finally got a grasp of what Cane was going to do. "No. You are not going to bet on Lou’s life, right?" But, the look on Cane’s face told her she was right. "No way. Please, don’t do this." 
Rei was crazy enough to go through with his words and now he was still kneeling on the floor, but Cane wanted to push him to the edge and actually let him kneeling down for two months?! Risk Lou’s life to the very end? 
Iris couldn’t tell, who was crazier between the two. 
"Two months is only the assumption, Lou can be in fatal condition within a month or less." Iris was not going to risk Lou’s life. She also told him about the birthmark that started to disappear. 
"Iris, you don’t think I will sit back and wait until he folded, right?" 
Iris became even more nervous. "What did you plan?" she narrowed her eyes. 
Cane beckoned her to come closer to him. There was no one there in their bedroom, aside from the two of them, there was no need for him to be secretive, but Iris still gave him her ear and let him whispered. 
In the end of it, Cane nibbled on her earlobe, which made her squirmed. 
"Cane!" Iris pushed him away from her ear, but she looked less anxious after hearing what he was going to do. 
"Do you think, it will work?" 
"Let’s see." 
Iris snuggled again against his chest. She hoped everything would work smoothly. 
"How are the little lights?" Cane asked, this became his favorite question to end their heavy conversation. 
Iris smiled. "They are the size of my thumbs. No, they are bigger than my thumb now." Iris nudged one of the lights that rested on Cane’s shoulder. "I think one of the babies too lazy to move around. Their lights became brighter." 
Cane nodded. He looked around, as if he could catch a glimpse of the lights Iris was talking about, sadly, he couldn’t, but his mate was generous enough to tell him in detail. 
The next day, there was nothing much that happened, they went about with their routine, but the pressure from Elder Xarex for Iris to meet with Rei became even crazier, he made a fuss near her and Cane’s bedroom, while Elder Rose tried to meet with Abby. 
But, ten days later when they were about to move to Golden Light pack, there was this big news.
###Chapter 914: MENTAL WARFARE
Chapter 914: MENTAL WARFARE
Cane managed to put the elders at arm length, they couldn’t pressure the alpha to make Iris allowed Rei to stand up and after more than three weeks had passed, their condition became worst. 
Even though elder Xarex fed them, but in their position, they couldn’t have a comfortable rest and it started to take a toll on them, especially elder Dandolf, who were the oldest among them all, if you didn’t count the abnormal age that Rei had. 
Iris had never visited them, therefore, she didn’t see their current condition or else, she would have folded, her tender heart wouldn’t be able to take such pitiful sight. 
"In this rate, we are going to die first before she came," elder Dandolf said, he looked haggard. His face had turned very pale. He was no longer be able to feel his legs, so did the rest of them. "We are going to become cripple." 
Rei stared at the sky, this was out of his expectation. He didn’t think Iris would let them stayed like this for long, especially when Lou’s condition didn’t get better. He expected Iris would have come to him and ask for help long ago, but then he miscalculated Cane’s involvement. 
The alpha was very ruthless and he could see through his scheme. Damn it. 
"How long do you want to do this?" Elder Rose asked. Their mind was very tired, they didn’t even realize that Elder Rose came approaching them. "We are going to leave for Golden Light pack. Are you sure, you are going to continue doing this?" 
Rei lifted his head, his green eyes filled with rage, which made Elder Rose took a step back. She hated this man, but his strong presence and his intimidating look was undeniable. 
"You don’t need to give me that look." Elder Rose didn’t look like she was in a good shape too. She had been trying to reach out to Abby, but that girl didn’t want to see her at all and she couldn’t go through the warriors. Elder Xarex kept pressuring her about this matter too. "I came here only to inform you this, so you will not waste more time." 
"Have she heard about this?" 
"I am sure she heard about you, but from the look of it, she really didn’t care." 
"What about that magic user?" 
"From what I heard, they are still trying to heal him. I am not sure about the progress," Elder Rose replied. She hated him, but she had an obligation to respect him at the same time and this torn her apart. "What are you going to do with this? We are leaving in three hours." 
Rei stared at the bright sky out there. Three hours from now, it meant they were going to Golden Light pack at evening. 
The reason why Cane insisted for them to go at night was because Iris was having a heavy morning sickness, even with the concoction from Grace, it only alleviated her pain a little bit and Iris insisted she didn’t want to drink too much medicine, in fear it would hurt her babies. 
She remembered that she was not allowed to breastfeed her daughter when she was drinking her medicine. Therefore, she chose to endure it and there was no amount of persuasion from Cane and Grace that could change her mind. 
It seemed that moment etched at the core of her memories. 
In that case, Cane could only do this for his pregnant mate and made this journey easier for her. 
"How is your feeling?" Cane asked, nuzzled her cheek. He helped her to get into the carriage, while the sun was almost set and the hue light of red fell on Iris’s face. She looked ethereal and Cane was fascinated by what he was seeing. 
Probably because of her pregnancy, or maybe because all this time Cane had not yet seen her enough, but he felt this strong attraction toward his mate. 
"I am good," Iris said, she smiled sleepily. She slept most of the time now, at night, she would ask Cane to rub her back, because she felt stiff, until she fell asleep but she would wake up in the morning and threw up because of her morning sickness. 
In her previous pregnancy, her morning sickness was not this strong, therefore it was quite tiring for her. 
"Go inside, I will come back shortly. I am going to take care of something." Cane kissed her lips, nibbling on her lower lip a little bit longer before he let go. "Stay with her." 
"Yes, alpha." 
Cane didn’t need to tell them about this, but he only wanted to make sure his mate was in safe hands. 
However, not too far from the carriage, Ethan came rushing toward Cane. From the look of it, this was not a good news. 
"One of the men died." 
"What man?" 
"That the man from the pure faction, who has been kneeling down with Rei." 
Cane was silent for a while. "That has nothing to do with us." 
"Yes, but..." 
Ethan had not yet finished his words when they heard this loud sound from elder Xarex, demanding to meet with Cane and Iris. 
Cedric’s existence was still unknown for the Holy Kingdom and now, he blended with the other warriors and most of the time, he would take care of Lou, since he was in the same room like him and now, he would ride the same carriage with the merchant too. 
"What is it? We are going to leave now," Cane said with face that devoid from any emotions. 
"How can you be very nonchalant?! One of my people died! A man had died because of your mate’s arrogancy!" 
"My mate always stays away from your people, there is no way she can kill one of them. I can assure you that." 
"Don’t play dumb! I know that you are behind it!" Elder Xarex narrowed his eyes. "Did it feel good knowing someone died because of you?!" 
Cane smirked, but the look in his eyes turned very vicious when he spoke. "I have caused countless people died. If I lost my sleep over it, I would have died now." In the back of his mind, he was still thinking it was his responsibility for every death of his pack member during the slavery. "You are barking at the wrong tree." Cane folded his arms and glared down at the old man. 
"One of my people died!" Elder Xarex couldn’t argue with Cane, he didn’t know what to say after hearing the alpha’s cold answer, thus he repeated the same thing. 
"If you kept making a fuss, you can stay and take care of them." Cane walked away, waved his hand at elder Xarex. With the merchant and additional warrior from the Blue Moon pack and Celestial Moon pack, he would be able to manage to reach the capital city by the end of the month, if the remaining two packs in the west didn’t give them a hard time. 
However, another report came even before Cane could enter his carriage. The other man died as well because of the exhaustion, which left Rei and elder Dandolf. 
Cane didn’t seem surprised with this news. The two men didn’t hold an important role after all. 
"We are leaving now!" Cane said, he then entered the carriage to find his mate was in deep thought. "What are you thinking?" He pinched her chin and lifted her head to look at her. 
"This mental warfare makes me nervous," Iris answered truthfully. "Cane are you sure, he will not take things too far?" 
"If he changed his game, maybe." 
"Cane!" Iris was speechless. 
"I am not going to let you beg him and give him a chance to take advantage of you," Cane said sternly. It had been so long, since he talked to her very seriously like this, which left Iris unable to retort. 
She didn’t want to beg Rei either. 
"What about Lou?" 
"Is there a progress?" 
Iris shook her head. She, Abby and Grace had been trying to figure a way how to heal Lou, but there were only two solutions; to get the roots of Heartthrob or Rei. 
"I have contacted my man in Andelus Continent. He will find the plant and send it as soon as possible." Cane kissed her lips. "You don’t need to worry." 
Iris didn’t use to this mental warfare between Cane and Rei, thus she was very nervous and she also knew to find the plant was not an easy task. This was Cane’s side plan, just in case Rei changed his tune again. 
However, the moment Rei learned that Cane and Iris had left the pack with their long entourage, he stood up. His green eyes dripped with so much rage, even the knight, who delivered the news trembled in fear, as he lowered his head. 
"They are leaving?!" Rei gritted his teeth. His legs were in so much pain, but Elder Dandolf took the brunt of it. He couldn’t stand! 
Two knights had to help him and the healers needed to be called to check on his condition, but Rei didn’t look that weak, if anything, he looked even more alive than before. 
"Call Rose and Xarex!" Rei roared and the knights scrambled to get the two elders. "I want them here now!" 
He learned their people stayed as per elder Xarex’s order, 
Meanwhile, ten days later, Cane’s entourage reached the Golden Light pack. This was the warrior pack. Most of the warriors from the palace came from this pack.
###Chapter 915: THE REALIZATION
Chapter 915: THE REALIZATION
Lou’s condition made Iris very nervous. She couldn’t keep her mind straight when it was less than a month for him to get the cure he needed. 
"There are many poisonous plant and disease in Ande Continent that you don’t have here. It is understandable that you lack of knowledge about this poison," Abby said to Grace when the healer looked very frustrated with her ability. 
Meanwhile, Iris stayed silent the whole time. She held Lou’s hand and tried to heal him, but the problem was; Lou was a magic user, not a shifter, she couldn’t see his spirit. 
Iris blinked her eyes. "Where is Cedric?" she asked, as if something just crossed her mind. 
"He is with alpha Cane and alpha Cezi in the main tent. They are discussing the Golden Light pack," Grace replied and Iris immediately stood up to go there. "Luna? What happened?" 
However, Iris already left, while her warriors scrambled to follow her. She didn’t have time for explanation, if there was a chance for her to save Lou, she didn’t want to waste her time. 
Right now, they already reached Golden Light pack’s territory, but the people in the pack didn’t give them an easy time, they resisted to open their gates, showing unwillingness to join Cane’s cause. 
Therefore, it would take a while before they could reach the Capital City and they hoped Decratic wouldn’t have regained his strength once they were there. 
All this time, there was no news about him, but it didn’t mean it was a good thing, because the last report Cane received from Celestial Moon pack from one of his spies, it was more than two months ago. 
There was also this dragon that they had to be worried about. 
"Good morning, Luna!" Zale rushed to approach her when he saw the luna. It had been a while since he met her, because he was busy with his training to be a warrior. For this, instead of Zephyr, he got Joel as his tutor. 
"Good morning, Zale," Iris replied his greeting hastily. 
"Where are you going, luna? Are you looking for the alpha?" Zale asked, he ran beside Iris, but he seemed didn’t put an effort at all and if Iris was not in hurry, she would notice that this young boy had gotten taller since the last time she saw him. 
"Yes," Iris replied almost immediately. She wanted to see Cedric, but meeting with Cane was always welcomed. 
"But, the alpha is not in the main tent, he is going with Koda somewhere," Zale replied. 
Hearing that, Iris stopped in her track. "Where is he going?" she frowned. 
"I don’t know, but do you want me to track him down?" Zale asked eagerly. 
"Do you think you can track the alpha down?" Zephyr asked. "Don’t cause trouble and roam around recklessly." 
"I can do it!" Zale said confidently. He didn’t want to be looked down, especially in front of the luna. This young boy was still a stubborn brat, but he always talked nicely only with Iris. 
Iris shook her head. "It’s okay." But then she remembered something. "Zale, come with me." 
"Okay." His face lit up. He didn’t even ask where they would go or what he needed to do, he was like a puppy, who followed its master. 
Iris went to the main tent and found Cedric with Cezi. 
"I am sorry, but can I have a moment with Cedric?" Iris asked Cezi politely, Zale followed behind her, entering the tent, while the warriors waited outside. 
He looked smug because he could enter the tent and they couldn’t. But, he gasped in surprise when he saw Cedric was there. 
"What is he doing here?!" Zale blinked his eyes in disbelieve. "He is the knight, right?" Of course, he recognized Cedric, after all, he used to be the one, who discussed strategy with alpha Cane. His role was important for the people in the Holy Kingdom, but he had been missing, along with his other friend, Liam. 
"Tone down your voice," Iris said sternly. Most of the people was still unaware of Cezi’s existence and Iris wanted to keep it that way. 
Zale immediately clamped his mouth shut. 
"I will take my leave," Cezi replied to Iris’s request, he bowed at her and then left. 
Cane had started to warm up with him now after he was left with orders without giving a chance to be part of discussion and all that time, Cezi didn’t even make a single complain. 
Before he left the tent, Cezi glanced at Iris over his shoulder, he could see why Cane dotted on her so much. She was the kindness person in this continent if he could say and he saw himself as still having a debt of gratitude to her that needed to be repaid. 
However, he didn’t know how to start it, when this luna literally saved his and Arella’s life. 
"How can I help you, luna?" Cedric asked once Cezi had left the tent. They were discussing about how to enter Golden Light pack and what kind of approach they would do when Koda came and talked seriously with Cane in low voice and the alpha ended the meeting abruptly. 
"There are a few questions I wanted to ask you," Iris replied, she was straight to the point with her intention. 
"Please, ask away." 
Cedric’s attitude toward Iris changed. Probably because he knew he wouldn’t survive without the shifter and he most likely be killed again if he returned to the Holy Kingdom, or maybe because he finally accepted his fate as Iris’s protector, though he had never said it openly. 
His loyalty was still on Abby, but his gratitude was on the luna. She was the one, who saved his life and such debt couldn’t be easily forgotten. 
"I saw your spirit that night. That’s how I managed to find you." Iris glanced at Zale, making sure he followed the conversation. "What happened with you when you were supposed to be dead and I supposed not be able to see spirit unless they are shifters." 
Because of what had been going on, they had not yet had a detail conversation about this. 
"I am not sure, luna." Cedric looked like he was thinking about this thoroughly. "I only remembered the time when Rei slashed my throat, but after the pain, everything went dark. So dark." 
Zale craned his neck, wanting to listen more. He felt important because the luna took him in this conversation, while Cedric wondered why this little boy was here. 
"I feel like I was in a dark tunnel and have to keep going that’s when I saw a bright light." 
"A bright light?" 
"Yes, I thought the light came from the end of the tunnel, but now I realized that the light came from you and I have been following that said light to be able to get out from the darkness." 
The light, the bright light. This was what that blind man told Iris. The bright light of the Serafim, which could guide a lost soul. 
Iris didn’t know whether this made any sense, but she had a gut feeling that everything was related to one another and she needed Cane to discuss this, but before that, she needed to do something. 
"I want to introduce you to Zale," Iris said, nudged the boy’s shoulder. "This is Zale and Zale, that is Cedric." 
"Nice to meet you, Zale." 
"I know him." Zale looked at Cedric. He didn’t like this knight. "But, why he is here?" 
"He is here because he is one of my protectors, Zale, just like you and Lou," Iris blurted it out. 
Zale widened his eyes, while Cedric didn’t look surprise, because he had heard about it before. "Him? But, why? Didn’t the Holy Kingdom’s people have been treating us badly?" 
This was something Iris couldn’t answer about why the birthmark appeared on them. "Not, all of them bad, right?" 
"Have you touched him?" Zale asked again, he meant the touch Iris did to him and Lou. 
Iris blinked her eyes. She forgot about this. She did touch Cedric, but not the way she touched Zale and Lou. 
However, when she explained to Cedric about this and he showed her his mark, the mark was already touched, though Iris didn’t remember she did it. 
"What happened, luna?" Zale asked when he saw Iris was deep in thought, but Cedric shook his head, as if telling him not to bother her and let her to think. 
No. Actually, it was not it. Iris might think about this in wrong way, she needed to take this from different approach. 
Na chose them to be the protectors with their birthmark as the sign, but maybe it was because she touched their souls. 
Just like how Na preserved her life essence and Lu, his soul. Their powers were beyond one could see with only their eyes. How Lu gave Na an ability to control the monster and the black wisp, while Na could see Lu’s soul. A lycan was a shifter too. But, it was not only a shifter, who had soul and spirit... 
Iris only assumed it was limited to the shifter, but Na saw what she wanted to see and Iris saw Cedric’s spirit because their fate destined to be tangled together. 
This realization was confusing and scattered, Iris needed to rearrange her thought first. 
However, there was a loud noise in the distance, in which it followed by vicious roar and howl, the bell was rang arduously, giving them a warning that they were under attack!
###Chapter 916: I STOP INCLUDING YOU INTO MY CALCULATION LONG AGO
Chapter 916: I STOP INCLUDING YOU INTO MY CALCULATION LONG AGO
"Luna, we are under attack, the warrior of the Golden Light pack attacked us!" Eron said hastily, he apologized to interrupt their discussion, but they needed to leave right away. 
"Their warriors?" Iris narrowed her eyes. 
"Yes, they got us by a surprise attack!" Eron explained hastily. "Right now, our warrior tried to hold them back!" 
However, Iris didn’t look panic at all, if anything, she looked very calm. "I see." 
Iris was not sure about a strategy in war and all, but based on what Cane taught her, a surprise attack usually launched when the opponent thought they were not ready and it would be easy to break their formation. Their goal was to not allow them to have time to make a strategy and gather power. 
Iris walked out of the tent with Cedric and Zale, who looked worry on her behalf, but suddenly she laughed mirthfully when in the distance she saw Lil Thing rushed toward her. 
"Ah! Lil Thing! It comes in time!" Zale exclaimed. "Come on, Luna, hop on!" 
Iris stretched out both of her hands, while the white bear nuzzled her cheek. "Are you fetching me?" Lu gave Na the ability to control monster, could it be Lil Thing fell into a monster category? That’s why it attached to her. 
"Hurry, Luna, we need to leave to a safe place!" Dyne urged her to get on Lil Thing’s back. 
In the distance, Iris could see Blue Moon pack warrior, who stood guard at the outer campsite fought the Golden Light pack’s warrior first. If it was the Blue Moon pack, it meant, Redmond was among them. 
"Be careful, luna," Cedric said. He helped her to get on Lil Thing back and once she was settled, the rest of them immediately shifted to their beasts in order to protect her back to the safe place, including Zale, while Cedric was ready to run with them. Obviously, he wouldn’t be able to keep his pace with them. 
Because they were in the open area, Cedric had his hoodie covered his face. 
However, to everyone surprise, instead of going to the safe place, Iris took Lil Thing to the heart of the fight. 
Of course, the six beasts tried to stop this bear, but this lazy bear, who usually didn’t even want to move its butt, ran very fast. By the meaning of ’very fast’ was; this sleepy bear managed to outrun all the shifters, leaving them to eat its dust. 
"Have you only been storing energy all this time and not moving at all to be able to move this fast?" Iris scratched the back of Lil Thing’s single ear. She looked comfortable to sit on its back. Its fluffy fur gave her a strong grip and she found the right spot to clamp her legs to steady herself on its back. 
Iris had to admit it, it was slightly more comfortable to sit on Lil Thing’s back than Cane’s beast or lycan form, but of course, she would never breath a word about it. 
The closer she got, the more she could see how was the real fight between shifters. It was vicious, brutal and feral. 
"Luna, stop!" Joel, who saw her looked mortified when she went straight to the fighting scene, the young warrior shifted and followed her, so did a few warriors, they couldn’t grasp the reason why their luna was here. 
However, Iris didn’t listen to them and Lil Thing only stopped when they were so close with the battle. Still, it was dangerous for Iris to be here. 
And once they stopped, Iris swept her eyes at the Golden Light warriors. They were indeed born to fight, since all the royal guards mostly came from this pack. Their training was brutal and they started their training as soon as possible, which meant, children were forced to fight. 
Iris closed her eyes. 
"Luna, you need to leave!" Zephyr managed to catch up first, but before he could persuade further, all the beasts from the Golden Light pack writhed in pain. They were forced to shift into their human form helplessly and in a second, the fight stopped. 
They must forget about how their luna could deal with shifter with only a glance of her eyes. There was no vicious feeling from Iris. She didn’t intend to kill them too, thus it couldn’t be counted as her heart turned dark. 
Her intention was only to save her people. Blue Moon pack just pledged their loyalty to her not so long ago, which meant, they were her people now and she didn’t want her people to get hurt. 
Blue Moon pack warriors shifted into their human form as well, their jaw dropped when they saw what happened, but when they caught a sight of the luna, sitting on the back of the white bear, they could understand what their opponent were going through. They grimaced because they felt the same pain not so long ago. 
Even though the pain didn’t reach the point, where they were forced to shift back, but sure enough they didn’t want to experience that. 
As if on cue, all the Blue Moon pack warriors fell into an uproar as they roared their luna’s name and swiftly, they fed their enemy the Rottingbane leaves. 
They were not stupid enough not to know alpha Cane intention to put them close to the Golden Light pack, their position let them to be the first target to be slaughtered if they were attack suddenly. Just like what happened now, they bought time while the other pack warriors prepared themselves.
Iris didn’t have the obligation to help them, since they knew, they had never treated her well. She was more Howling Wolf pack than she was Blue Moon pack. She could choose to leave for the safe place and not get involved, but she didn’t. 
The luna came here and prevented them to meet their doom. If she didn’t do this, the Blue Moon pack warrior might survive, but their casualties would be massive. 
Redmond was among them, he stared at the woman on the white bear’s back with a smile on his lips. Now he could feel relieved because he knew that she cared for this pack. 
However, the uproar died down very fast when the alpha entered the scene. Even Lil Thing, who raised its head proudly, as if happy with the euphoria around it, lowered its head. 
"Cane..." Iris smiled at her mate sheepishly. 
And with only one angry look from the alpha, Lil Thing lowered its body carefully to get Iris down from its back. 
Iris immediately approached Cane, she could feel anger rolled off his body and the tension was almost the same like when they were under attack from the Golden Light pack. 
"Cane, I am fine," Iris said in small voice, trying to stop him from glaring down at Lil Thing, who right now covered its eyes with its paw, as if it could hide from the alpha’s rage. "Cane, really, I am fine." 
Only then he shifted his attention toward his mate. "Call Grace," he said coldly and five warriors scampered to get this job done, only to get away from their alpha’s wrath. This was very terrifying! 
Without saying another word, Cane picked Iris’s body up and carried her in his arms. He shut her attempt to explain herself and tell her to be quiet. 
In the end, Iris hugged him and prayed he wouldn’t be this mad when Grace told him that she was fine. She wouldn’t risk their babies no matter what, unless she was very sure and she was very certain that she could protect herself from the shifters. If they were not shifter, she wouldn’t get involved, but they were all shifters... 
"The luna is fine, alpha, you don’t need to worry," Grace said after she checked on Iris. "Both babies and the mother are in the best condition." 
Iris didn’t dare to say; I told you so. 
And after Cane asked for another round of thorough check and everything was well, he asked the healer to leave the tent. 
Once it was only the two of them, he pushed her down to the bed and trap her body between his arms. 
"Do you realize how dangerous it was?" Cane asked, he was almost growling. 
"I know, Cane. But, I can assure you I can handle it. They are shifters," Iris explained to him how she wouldn’t have done that if it was not shifters. "Cane I am sorry if you were worried, but you know that I will never risk our babies." 
She knew how reckless her action was in Cane’s eyes, but above that, she knew her capability. She was well aware what she could and couldn’t do with her power. 
Cane’s whole body trembled, as he closed his eyes and Iris waited for him to calm down and when he finally opened his eyes, Iris was rewarded with a kiss on her forehead. 
"I spent days to concoct a plan of how to deal with Golden Light pack, but you did it in a few minutes," Cane said. His voice was a mix of worry and helpless. 
"You should have let me get involved in your plan." Iris was relief because Cane didn’t go ballistic with her. "You should have counted me in your calculation." 
Knowing her ability, it was no question that she could deal with them more effectively. 
"I stop including you into my calculation long ago." Cane kissed the tip of her nose, but then his voice became stern. "Never do it again."
###Chapter 917: YOU WILL BE IN CHARGE
Chapter 917: YOU WILL BE IN CHARGE
Cane watched everything when he heard Iris rushed toward the fighting scene, his heart skipped a beat when he saw she was already very close to the battle, but then Lil Thing stopped and he watched the most amazing thing that had ever happened in his life. 
This was not the first time Cane witnessed Iris used her power in this way, in fact, he was the first person, who experienced the first hand how painful it was when she squeezed your spirit. 
However, right at that time, he knew how amazing the woman he was with. The mother of his children. How strong she became right now, but even with that fact, it didn’t mean Cane would stop worrying about her. He would always be worried about her. 
"Never do it again," Cane said in stern voice, he nibbled on the tip of her nose, but when she didn’t reply, he lifted his head and looked at her blue eyes. 
"I can’t promise you that." Iris raised her hand and caressed his face. His hair needed to have a cut, since it had grown so long. "You know that with my power I can make things way easier for you." 
"I don’t want you to get involved." Cane knew if he used Iris, he would get some tasks done way easier and more effective, but he couldn’t see her like that. He was not sure since when he counted her out of his calculative plan, because surely enough he didn’t have this feeling in the beginning. 
"Cane, you know that you can count on me now. I am not helpless and I can help you." 
"You are pregnant." 
Iris wanted to laugh, what kind of excuse was that. She lifted her head slightly and kissed the tip of his nose. "I am well aware about that, but thank you for reminding me." 
"Don’t be sarcastic with me." 
"Cane." Iris cupped his face. She knew how much he was worried about her and their babies and losing their children still left fresh wound in their memories, after all, it happened less than a year ago. "No matter how much you tried to protect me, we ended up losing our babies too." 
Cane grimaced. They didn’t talk about this often, because it left them with more agony after the conversation. 
"You said it yourself that sometime, the best defence is an attack." Iris’s voice was as gentle as the wind. "We have tried to shield me and our babies from our enemies, but it didn’t work, maybe we need to think in different way of how to protect ourselves and the babies. For as long as our enemies still stand, there is no place we can call as safe." 
Iris could see that Cane understood what she was saying, but it was still hard for him to let Iris got involved actively. Having her within the campsite during this journey already counted as Cane took a few steps back and suppressed his ego to put her out of harm way. 
"Cane, I will not do something recklessly and put our children in danger." 
Cane cared for their children, but above that, he didn’t want her to get hurt. He would love their children, but if something happened to Iris... 
He buried his face against the crook of her shoulders, breathing in her scent to calm his nerves. "No charge forward into danger without any discussion with me. This is the deal, there is no discussion." 
Iris hugged his big body. "Okay," she agreed readily. 
Once again, Cane relented to her wish and let her got more involved. In the end of the day, Cane also realized he wouldn’t put aside Iris completely when this war was about her too. 
The sudden attack was completely a stupid move. Vincent, the gamma of the pack, who became the leader because of the absent of the alpha and the beta didn’t expect what Iris was capable of doing. 
His aimed was to get Cane’s supply, because famine had plagued their pack since two months ago, he thought sudden attack would be the best option, the first warriors would manage to keep their enemy busy, while the second warriors would be able to sneak into their food storage. 
However, with two group of warriors were being caught, Vincent couldn’t do anything, but to open the gate to the pack. 
They couldn’t afford any battle, since their best warriors were being caught and they didn’t have a way to survive if they had to isolate themselves. The famine had ruined this pack and their hope to get any help from the Capital City, had long been shattered. That place was in lock down in the last report he received. Something weird was going on there. 
"Cane... these people..." Iris stared at the people in the Golden Light pack member. They looked at Cane’s entourage in fear. They were afraid something would happen to them that these people would harm them. 
Cane glanced, he didn’t need to look at it closely to know what happened. "Alpha Dex seemingly had abandoned his own pack and took half of his warriors to make a stronghold in the Red Claw pack. They left behind the weaker people." 
Therefore, aside from the warriors that had captured, the rest of the Golden Light pack was children, women and older people. Vincent, the gamma, must be the capable one to run the pack, but even him was having a hard time to manage the pack, while running out of food without having any help. 
After the battle between alpha Dex and alpha Colter in Aggeverya road, alpha Dex chose to dig his claw in Red Claw pack. 
After all, wealth wise, Golden Light pack didn’t give him any benefit, aside from a large land and a lot of pack member, while Red Claw pack had this magic stone mine. The biggest mines site. The richest pack. Who would let go of such juicy meat? 
"Their attack must be their desperate attempt," Cane said curtly. Iris turned her body and looked at him. "What?" Actually, he didn’t need to ask what she wanted, since he could already guess it. 
"You will not..." Iris chose her words carefully. "You will help them, right? We have merchant on our side and they can give us an abundant supply." 
Cane stared into her eyes for a long while, which made Iris nervous, but her heart lurched to her stomach when Cane replied. 
"No. I will not." 
"Cane?" Iris was shocked. She was not ready for another argumentation after the one they had when she charged toward the fighting scene. 
However, Cane added and her heart could settle back in her chest. 
"You will be the one, who helped them. Being kind and generous are not the image I want." Cane kissed her lips, tasted her mouth. 
Iris chuckled and swatted his hand when he touched her earlobe. "So, what image do you want? A scary alpha?" 
Cane thought about that for a while, but now he was nibbling on her neck. "That doesn’t sound too bad." 
"You wanted to be remembered as a scary alpha?" 
"At the very least, I can make people have a second thought if they wanted to mess with me." 
True to his word, Cane had a few merchants to deliver supplies for this pack. Out of their gratitude for saving their lives, they didn’t question this and immediately wrote letter to their ships. 
The supply would arrive within ten days and for now, the supply they had would be enough for all of them as long as they used it wisely. 
Vincent knelt down in front of Iris and Cane when they arrived at the pack house, also all the people, who lived there, which most of them were elders. They looked scared. Their pride as the pack of warriors had been thrown out of the window, since there were barely warriors left in this pack. 
They were afraid because they knew how bad a fallen pack could be. Slavery was what followed after the claimed of their pack and that was a common thing in this realm. 
Iris’s heart hurt to see them. When the people in the higher position fought for their greediness, the people bellowed them had to join the battle and fought for their lives. 
"Cane..." Iris tugged on his sleeve. She felt uncomfortable to see them kneeling like that with their head hit the ground. A gesture of a complete surrender. 
Cane understood. He kissed her cheek. "You can deal with them as you see fit, you have dealt with Blue Moon pack brilliantly before." A beautiful smile appeared on her lips. Yet, there was still a warning. "But Dean and Pax will kill them right there and then if they saw they were a threat for you." 
"Thank you! You are the best!" Iris tiptoed to kiss his cheek and Cane had to bend his body slightly to accommodate her height. 
Afterward, Cane walked past Vincent and the rest of the people, who were still kneeling on the floor. He didn’t even spare them a glance. He didn’t want to see them, because it reminded him of his past and his people. 
Meanwhile, Cezi smiled and nodded politely at Iris when he followed Cane. 
"What are you going to do with them?" Ethan approached Iris. He listened some of their conversation, especially when Cane put Iris in charge on these people. 
"Shouldn’t you go with Cane and alpha Cezi?" 
"Nah, their conversation will be a boring one about strategy, I need a break too!"
###Chapter 918: THEIR BELIEF
Chapter 918: THEIR BELIEF
Iris rolled her eyes when she heard that, this man was very dramatic. "Cane will chew you out." 
Ethan blinked his eyes innocently. "I am here to help you and protect you. I am very sure, Cane will appreciate my effort." 
Iris glanced at her five warriors with additional Dean and Pax, not to mention she could hold her ground now, there was no need for Ethan to be here. 
Meanwhile, Hanna and Amee had gone to prepare a room for her and Cane, along with Aliana and two warriors, to ensure the safety of that room. 
As if Ethan could read what was in Iris’s mind, he pursed his lips. "I thought you will like my company since it has been so long for us to be together? After all, Cane has Jace with him. It is only fair if I am with you, don’t you think so?" 
Iris narrowed her eyes when she heard that, there was something fishy about his reason. "Is your relationship with Aliana, okay?" Ethan averted his gaze. "I think so too." 
This gamma shamelessly came to her to ask for advice. There was no other reason aside from that. Well, this chit- chat obviously could wait. 
"Raise," Iris said when she stood in front of Vincent and the other people, Ethan was by her side. 
The gamma from the pack lifted his head, he furrowed his brows slightly. He only stood up when Iris gave him the same order for the second time, as if he didn’t believe his own ears. 
"Are you the one in charge in this pack?" 
"Yes." 
Iris then told him to show her a way to the study room, while the rest of the people could go back to their original work. 
The look of confusion was on their faces when they heard that. 
"What do you mean with our original work?" One of them asked. They looked less terrified when they had to face Iris instead of the alpha. After all, they still had this strong belief that a woman did not hold as much power as the alpha, even though she was their mate. 
"The luna meant, you can continue with your routine. You can go now." Ethan waved his hand impatiently. He seemed determine enough to make Iris finished with whatever she was going to do as soon as possible, so he could have a conversation with her too. 
"Really?" 
They were surprised now, shocked even, because they didn’t expect this at all. The first thing that came to their mind was; slavery, aside from that, it would be a mercy. 
However, they didn’t even dare to dream they were going to go on with their daily task. 
It took some time to convince them that they wouldn’t go to slavery. Even if by twisted fate they had to, there was nothing they could do. They were old, some of them were having a hard to even walk, slavery would only shorten their lives. 
And before they could recover from their shocked, had urged Vincent to show her the way to the study room. There was a few logistics matter she had to discuss with him. 
Vincent showed her the way, as he walked in front of Iris and Ethan, while her small entourage followed behind her. 
The gamma from this pack felt a little bit uncomfortable with this turn of event. Did this woman act on her own? Wouldn’t the alpha from the Howling Wolf pack became mad at her? Why would she make the decision here? 
Woman was not supposed to lead and leave on their own device to make the decision. 
"That is a beautiful scenery from here," Ethan said, pointing his finger at a tree when they walked in a corridor, which joined the main building to the small one, where alpha Dex used to use this room as his strategy room. They walked pass a small garden with a big maple tree in the middle of it. 
"Yes, it is," Iris replied. They slowed down their step. 
"You have changed a lot, don’t you think?" Ethan suddenly addressed this. "You used to lower your head and stared at your step when you walked." 
Iris chuckled when she heard this. Of course, she was well aware of that fact. She used not to draw any unnecessary attention because it would put her into a trouble. 
But, here she was; making a decision and knew what she needed to do. 
"People changed in order to survive." And she was no different. She changed because she needed to survive, so did the rest of them. 
Ethan nodded. It had been a turmoil year and now two years had passed since their slavery. It was not a long time, but they slowly healed from the trauma. Some of them might heal slower than the other, but they went to the right direction and start to dare to have a hope again. 
Probably because of the state of Golden Light pack right now, thus it brought a sentimental memory for Ethan, but he looked back to those hellish years and he didn’t feel as much as pain like before. 
They were alive and together, they would continue to survive. 
Once they arrived at the room, Iris took her seat on the main table and then looked at Vincent. The alpha used to sit on this chair when he gave an order, but it was a weird sight when you saw a woman was sitting there instead and that was what Vincent felt. 
"I want you to do something for me," Iris started. 
"Why the alpha is not here?" Vincent asked. He didn’t use to take an order from a woman.
###Chapter 919: LITTLE ADVICE FROM THE GAMMA
Chapter 919: LITTLE ADVICE FROM THE GAMMA
You could blame it on her pregnancy, maybe that was why Iris became a little bit sensitive, but she knew what Vincent meant when he asked for the alpha. 
Just like most man in this realm, they felt the world would collapse if they took an order from a woman. This must be the first time they met each other and despite the rumor about how powerful Iris was; it was very different from seeing what Iris could have done and only heard about it. 
More so, her appearance was still the same. She still looked like that petite woman, who you could throw across the room with only one hand. 
"Who are you to demand his presence?" Iris narrowed her eyes at him. She looked upset to say the least. 
On the other hand, Ethan, who was about to open his mouth to remind Vincent of his place, stopped himself and grinned. You shouldn’t mess around with a pregnant woman. 
Meanwhile, Vincent could only swallow back his grievances. His position right now didn’t allow him to say something nasty toward this woman before him. 
"What kind of thing do you want me to do?" Vincent finally asked. He didn’t work for a woman, but the situation was different now. 
Iris grabbed Ethan’s hand when the gamma was about to make a snarky remark. Her mood was already ruined, but if she let his attitude bothered her, this discussion would never start and there was more important thing to be done now. 
She was not asking Cane to let her get involved only to get nothing done. Once again, unconsciously she wanted to prove it that she was not useless. 
Sometime, there was this trauma that ran too deep. 
"I want you to give me all the detail about this pack. How many people here. Children, babies, elders, the warriors, I want everything in detail." Iris didn’t talk in roundabout, she was precise and straight to the point. "How many people have fallen ill?" 
Iris wanted a clear picture of what she was going to do in this pack. They might not stay for long, but at the very least, she had all the source to help them. Well, it was Cane, who had all the source... 
Still confused, Vincent answered all of those question without difficulty, since he was the one, who was in charge for this pack, since alpha Dex had abandoned them. 
Vincent was like a typical man in this realm, someone with status and arrogant, as they looked down on woman, since they believed, woman was only good for reproduction, giving them heir to continue the bloodline, that was why they had a few women aside from their destined mate. 
His attitude was as bad. It was clear to see that during this conversation both Iris and Vincent were trying to hold themselves back, not to talk anything that was not necessary. 
But, on the flipped side, this gamma really cared about this pack. This pack was his pride and for it to fall into Cane’s hand was a humiliation. 
He knew every answer for the question Iris asked of him about this pack. 
"The supply will arrive within ten days, but the supply that alpha Cane has brought will be enough to last all of us until the supply is here," Iris concluded. 
"What do you mean?" Vincent tilted his head. He was still trying to figure out what this woman meant by that. "Are you going to say that you will help us? 
"Should I let these people in this pack starved to death?" Iris asked him back. 
"Did the alpha know about your plan?" 
What Vincent said definitely sounded rude, especially when Iris was here to help, but he couldn’t comprehend the reason why they were being helped. Were they after something in this pack? But, what? Aside from being the largest pack in this continent and had great warriors, they were not a wealthy pack by any means. 
There was not anything valuable here. 
"I hope to see you tomorrow morning in the square and now he was tasked to inform everyone in this pack about this and explained to them about this discussion. 
"Are you serious?" Vincent was still in disbelieve. Not only they were not going to live their life in slavery, but they were actually being helped? This was still hard to discern. 
"Do I look like I am joking with you?" 
"Did the alpha know about this or it’s only you, who tried to play power here?" 
"I don’t need to play power here, I am already powerful," Iris replied. She wanted to get mad at him, but she suppressed her annoyance. 
Meanwhile, Ethan and the other seven warriors smiled proudly, because Iris looked very confidence when she said that. The way she carried herself made it worth it to call her as the luna. 
Vincent was still having a hard time to grasp that, but Iris wouldn’t stay until he was convinced because there were a lot of things she needed to do and she had to check on Lou. 
"Don’t try to have an attitude with her," Ethan whispered to Vincent when he walked out of the room, following Iris. "She can be more terrifying than the alpha if you pushed her too hard." He shrugged his shoulders. "You will end up dead without you even knowing it. Just an advice..." 
After gave that ’little’ warning, Ethan bounced toward Iris and pestered her, because he wanted her advice of how to solve his problem with Aliana, but Iris told him that she would listen to him after she finished with Lou. 
"Don’t you have another thing to do?" Zephyr frowned at Ethan. 
"What? I am here as an extra help to protect her," the gamma replied, but the seven of them stared at him, in which he completely ignored and entered the room that Hanna had prepared for Lou. 
"Thank you." Iris hugged Hanna, she was glad she was here and was really grateful that Cane brought her and Amee to accompany her. "Can you call Grace and the Serafim?" 
"Sure, miss." After that, Hanna left. 
"Shouldn’t she stop calling her that? She should address you as a luna, right?" Ethan asked. 
"It’s okay. I like it whenever she addressed me that. It reminds me of who I am before I am a luna for the pack." Hanna was comfortable with the way she addressed her and Iris didn’t mind it at all. 
"She is the only one, who addressed you as such." 
Iris giggled. "That makes her special." Hanna would always be special. She had a special place in Iris’s heart that no one could replace. 
After that, Ethan dropped the topic and looked at Lou’s complexion. He looked like he was already dead. 
"Do you think he will be fine?" Ethan asked. He frowned. He didn’t get along with this merchant, but he didn’t want him to die like this either. 
"I hope so." Iris prayed so hard that Cane’s plan would work, that the mental warfare would give them victory in this situation, because Lou’s life at stake. 
"Iris, why do you think the first Serafim chose him to be one of the protectors." 
"I don’t know. I am not sure." Iris didn’t know how it worked either. It worked differently with Cedric and Rei, if the latter really was her protector... 
Not long after, Abby and Grace came. They checked Lou’s condition and to no one surprised, his condition was still the same, if it was not getting worse. 
Iris then proceeded to explain to them about the realization she had before the attack and asked for their opinion. 
"You have tried purification and absorption, but it didn’t work," Abby stated. 
"I have never touched Cedric’s birthmark, but there was some point, I have touched her with my power." That was when the food poisoning happened. Almost all the knights were in critical condition, because their bodies were unable to heal as fast as the shifters. 
And for the prevention, Iris was sure, she touched every knights with her power, including Cedric. That must be the time when his birthmark appeared. Because based on what Cedric said, he didn’t have it in the beginning and was not sure when exactly he got it. 
It was understandable, because the position was quite tricky, even Lou didn’t really notice it for years. 
"Abby, do you know something about Serafim’s power related to one soul? Could a Serafim see spirit?" 
Abby contemplated about this for a while, she tried to remember all of her lesson. Thankfully, Abby was a diligent student, she learned fast because she was in hurry to meet other people’s expectation on her. 
"Yes, I think there is a mention about it, but they didn’t elaborate more." 
"What is it?" Iris needed all the information she could gather in order to rearrange her mind on this newly found realization. 
Abby told Iris about it. "The Serafim will be more powerful after she purified herself." What Abby meant here was the time when the Serafim used the five swords to purify themselves. "It mentioned the Serafim would be able to see spirit." 
There was not many information about that and Abby herself had never seen the five swords in her life, so she couldn’t say whether it was true or not. 
Iris lowered her head, she was thinking so hard, but a moment later her eyes lit up. "That’s it." Iris then looked at Lou. 
From the corner of her eyes, Iris saw her lazy little light twirled around.
###Chapter 920: THE GAMMA WAS IN A GREAT TROUBLE
Chapter 920: THE GAMMA WAS IN A GREAT TROUBLE
"What is it?" Abby was curious. What just Iris realized? 
The five swords that the people from the Holy Kingdom saw as sacred s contained with Na’s divine power, therefore it could purify all the Serafim from negative effect, which caused them to visit it often. 
However, because of the map had gone missing fifty years ago, Abby had never been there, where people assumed, it was because she had never been purified, thus she was very weak. 
But the truth was not that. 
Iris was actually unsure with the theory she had in her mind and at time like this, the first thing that came to her mind was; she really wanted to rush toward Cane and discuss this with him, hearing his opinion. He would be able to help her to tangle the knot in her mind. 
But, Cane was also busy. 
"What did you just realize, luna?" Grace was also curious about what made Iris lit up, but then her eyes clouded again, deep in thought. 
Iris mumbled to herself. She really needed Cane. 
"For a while," Iris said and then rushed out of the room to find Cane, while her little group followed behind her. 
"Where are you going?" Ethan stopped her, grabbing her elbow. "Don’t run, you can trip!" This would be a big of deal if something happened to Iris. "Cane will kill us, you know," he added in low voice and Iris realized what he meant. "Do you even know where to find him?" 
After that, Ethan took Iris to find Cane, which was rather easy for the shifter, because they could track him down quickly, since they were able to sense his scent. 
They found Cane was with Cezi and Koda. If Iris was not too distracted by Lou’s condition, she would have noticed that Koda was around pretty often recently, the last time he was also with Cane. 
"What is it?" Cane knew Iris was there even before she knocked and entered the room. He stretched out his hand and opened the chair for her. "Something is wrong?" 
Iris didn’t need to say anything, but Cane immediately knew. He then asked Cezi and Koda to leave the room and gave them space. 
Koda looked at Iris with a frown, because no woman should interfere in men’ discussion, but he was wise enough not to say anything, because he knew how much Cane liked her, while Cezi was being very polite and left. 
"Don’t you think it’s not appropriate for her to barge into the room and disturb our meeting? She should know her place and alpha Cane should teach her to behave," Koda grumbled, as he walked with Cezi toward the other building of the pack house, after walking passed Iris’s warriors in front of the door. 
"I don’t think she barged in, she knocked and the alpha let her in," Cezi replied. 
"Yes, but he should tell her to go instead of us." 
Cezi stopped walking and facing the old man. "I don’t think it is your place to say what alpha Cane should and shouldn’t do. More importantly, we have reached our decision. The meeting is over."
Koda was not happy to hear this, he thought Cezi would side with him. "A woman should know her place." 
"Her status is above you, Koda. Be careful when you talked about her." 
After saying that, Cezi didn’t stay to watch Koda’s outburst, because he had a lot more important things to do. 
Koda was not even an alpha, his status was unclear, aside from being the future king’s grandfather, he held no real power. The baby was the future king, but things might change in the future. Cezi could feel thing would definitely change in the future. 
If they came out as a victor, who would let a baby to rule the whole kingdom after such a messy war? 
Meanwhile, Ethan jumped out of his skin when he saw Aliana and Amee walked together, walking past them, after they made sure the alpha and the luna’s bedroom was ready for them. Hanna initially with them, but she was needed to prepare Lou’s bedroom. 
"Why are you hiding? I thought the two of you are in relationship?" Kian asked Ethan, who was hiding behind him and Otis, while the other warriors stared at the gamma with confusion. He used to be all over Aliana, but now he avoided her. 
"You know that she can still smell your scent, right? There is no point of you hiding there." Dean pointed out the obvious. 
"Oh, shit...!" Ethan cursed, now Aliana knew that he was avoiding her. He wondered if he would still be forgiven. 
Behind the closed door, Iris and Cane were talking about what her realization of Na’s power. It was beyond what she could imagine. 
"Am I thinking too much and my imagination is too wild?" Iris doubted herself. She was sitting on the table now, while Cane was sitting on the chair in front of her, so she needed to look down at Cane. 
"Wild imagination and thinking too much are not bad thing, love," Cane replied, his voice was soothing and this could calm down Iris’s anxiety. 
She was thinking about this. If Cedric’s soul looked for her in his critical condition, where he was on the verge of death, because she was her protector, then Lou would do the same, regardless he was shifter or not, because every being had their own spirit and soul. 
"This is too dangerous, don’t you think?" Iris bit her lip and Cane kissed her knuckles. Her hands were cold. 
This could be a way to safe Lou, but if her prediction was wrong, they were going to lost him. Yet, their choices to save the merchant were not easy. 
They could ask Rei to help, which was not the option that Cane and Iris were fond of. Waiting for Cane’s man in Andelus continent to send the antidote was also an option, they could wait for him forever, but Lou couldn’t. 
And then this solution that Iris just figured out. 
"If your guess was right, you can save him like you saved Cedric, right?" Cane caressed her cheek. She was so tensed up. 
"Only if Lou came looking for me." 
"I doubt he will miss the opportunity to find you." 
Iris chuckled a little. Cane was right. The merchant wouldn’t miss the opportunity to find her. Even with Cane by her side, it didn’t stop the merchant. 
"Let’s do it in your way." 
"But, what if I am wrong?" Iris hated to admit this, but having Rei to help them would be the safer option to save Lou. "My guess could kill him." 
"I think Lou will die happy to know that." 
"Cane!" Iris frowned, she knew he was not serious about that. Weirdly, the two of them became close and worked well together. It would be Cane’s great disadvantage if they lost Lou. 
"Your guess makes sense, Iris. It explains a lot of things and why you can see Cedric’s soul. Na’s power doesn’t come to you in a whole, you need to figure out about it one by one. I am sure, you are well aware of that." 
Cane was right. He really paid close attention to how Iris’s power grew, even though she had never talked about this, or didn’t really discuss about this topic before, and now Na’s life essence had completely fused with her, of course, she would expect something more. 
With that, they decided to take this dangerous bet and waited until it really happened. 
And after everything was settled, it was time to attend to the lovesick gamma, who kept pestering her and whining about how she didn’t have time for him anymore. 
"Now tell me what sin you have committed to make Aliana angry with you?" Iris finally made time for him and looked at the gamma with bright eyes that filled with annoyance and helplessness. She wondered why Cane didn’t need Ethan and let him roamed around like a headless chicken. 
Ethan grimaced when he heard the way Iris put it. "I don’t know why she was mad at me." Iris raised her brows when she heard that and the gamma immediately corrected his statement. "Well, I know, but I don’t understand why she is mad." 
"Because you didn’t see anything wrong with it?" 
"Exactly." 
"And what exactly that you have done?" 
They were currently sitting under the tree that they saw when they went to the study room. This tree reminded them of the tree back in the Howling Wolf pack. They had one like this too. 
Above them, the sky burst with the color of red. 
"I..." Ethan frowned. "Okay, I feel like a jerk now." 
"I know you are, but you have not yet told me." Iris chuckled when Ethan gave her a look. "Come on, you have been pestering the whole day, but now you don’t want to tell me." 
"I said I don’t want a child with her." Iris raised her brows again, but she held back her tongue when Ethan threw his arms up. "I know that’s stupid, but you need to listen to the context." 
The gamma looked hesitated when he spoke again, because it would touch a sensitive topic about baby with Iris. But, after she assured him that she was fine now and occasionally she would have this topic with Cane and it was no longer that painful to talk about it, Ethan finally spoke. 
"You may not notice this, but the death of your babies affected so many people, Iris."
###Chapter 921: THE PEOPLE FROM THE HOLY KINGDOM IS HERE
Chapter 921: THE PEOPLE FROM THE HOLY KINGDOM IS HERE
Iris didn’t realize how much her lost not only affected her and Cane, but also the people around them. She failed to realize that, because they tried to act as normal as they could in front of her, too afraid to shake the boat. 
However, in reality, the death of her babies affected the people that cared for them too. 
Ethan watched how Aliana lost her baby, he was there when she had to go through her depression during the slavery, it was hard and cruel. Misery was an understatement to picture what actually happened during that period of time. 
And when Iris lost her babies, there was a moment where Aliana spiraled down, though she didn’t say it, but Ethan could see it. 
After all, he was there when she lost her mate and her baby. The excruciating pain in her scream from across the cell from him, while he couldn’t do anything and witness how that beautiful woman crumbled down. 
He was locked in his cell and could only watch. 
The death of Iris’s babies triggered something inside Aliana and she couldn’t let it out because she had to take care of Iris at that time. More so, everyone was so worried about their luna and their alpha’s condition, she didn’t want to add to it. 
"I didn’t say it to make you feel bad, Iris," Ethan said. He was afraid, Iris would take it in the wrong way, but he needed to explain this part to her, so she could get the context why he said that thing to Aliana. 
"I know. I am fine." Iris truly understood. "Continue." 
That was the very reason why he told Aliana that he didn’t want to have a child with her. The conversation just came when they spent the night together for the first time, it was when they talked about the ideal future for them. 
"She took two cups of Dragonheart in front of me." Ethan grimaced. Both of them knew there was no way for a pregnancy at time like this, they could understand why Cane was at a mess for a whole week upon knowing of Iris’s pregnancy and this miracle was completely an accident in Cane and Iris’s case. "She looked like she was drinking my blood instead." 
Iris tried not to chuckle. She could imagine how Aliana glared down at him. 
It’s not that Ethan didn’t want to have any child with Aliana, but he didn’t want her to go through that pain and misery again, even after the war had ended and their lives relatively well. He didn’t hate the idea of having a child, but he loved her too much to let her went through the pain. 
"No offense, seeing you, pregnancy is not an easy feat." Ethan also heard from Redmond a few stories when he had to take care of Sofia. 
"You know that Redmond could exaggerate his story, right? In that part, he is as dramatic as you." 
"Oh, please, we don’t have anything alike." Ethan rolled his eyes dramatically. 
Iris could understand why Aliana was mad, but she could understand Ethan’s point too. The problem was; Ethan didn’t have a chance to explain his side and Aliana assumed the worse when the gamma didn’t speak up. She told him that. 
"She is very scary. I think I need to gather my courage first before I talked with her." Ethan shuddered, he remembered how he felt like he was in a great danger under her glare. 
"You need to gather your courage quickly." Iris patted Ethan’s shoulders. "I will try to speak with her." 
"Yes, please, thank you, Iris! You are the best luna!" Ethan hugged her tightly. "You are the best luna I could ask for!" 
Suddenly Zephyr separated them. "Are you crazy? Hugging the luna like that?" he glared at him. They understood how the relationship between Iris and Ethan, but not everyone had the same understanding. They were not in their pack and there were a lot of people that could spread nasty rumor. 
They were already busy with Decratic, Holy Kingdom people, thus a rumor was not necessary needed to add to their plate. 
For the next day, while Cane was busy to prepare their next journey to Red Claw pack, where Koda became very involved in this, Iris fulfilled her promise to distribute food supply to all of the pack member. 
Since early this morning, many people had gathered in the square, waiting anxiously and there was still this disbelieve in their faces, while the children held their mother’s dress tightly, whining about how they were hungry. 
They heard the luna from the Howling Wolf pack asked the people in the pack house to cook a big meal since last night and today they were going to serve it to people. 
But, no one had ever done something like this before. Especially someone with high status like her. They wouldn’t even be bothered if one of the people died right in front of them. That was the world they lived in. 
Therefore, when it really did happen, they were shocked beyond word to actually receive the food. 
"Is this poisoned?" one of them asked, sniffing the meal they just received, but once they tried it, the warmth that they had longed assuaged their anxiety. This was the nicest thing they had ever received. No one had ever gone this far for them, not even their own alpha. 
For woman, if they couldn’t give birth to boy, where once they grew up, they would be part of the warrior, they didn’t hold any value and for the boy, who were bad at their training, they would have a miserable more trainings ahead of them. 
However, before they could thank Iris for that, the luna had disappeared, she only stayed for an hour and then left, giving the task to the warriors. 
The women and the elders in the pack were grateful for what Iris had done, while the men were curious how could a luna do that much and the alpha didn’t say anything. 
Thing went the way Cane wanted. People were grateful for Iris’s kindness, but they feared Cane. If you couldn’t gain their respect yet, fear was a tool to keep them in check. 
After that, they didn’t need to worry about food anymore, until the supply arrived ten days later. 
"Four little girls and boys brought this flower for you, miss," Hanna said, she put the flower next to her bed, when she woke her up. 
Thanked to Grace’s concoction, Iris didn’t feel as bad as before in the morning, but recently, she had woken up late and Cane didn’t allow anyone to disturb her sleep, which meant, she could wake up in lunch time. 
"Beautiful," Iris replied sleepily. It reminded her to the moment when people sent her so many flowers after they learned of what she had done for them during their slavery. "I am hungry, Hanna." 
Hanna chuckled. "I guess so you are. I will prepare your meal, miss!" 
Cane’s party had to wait for this supply too before they could march toward Red Claw pack, since they needed to replenish their supply after they distributed it with the pack member. 
However, not only the food supply that arrived, but Rei and the Holy Kingdom people too. They came to join them again. 
Rei personally asked for an audience with the alpha and the luna. 
"Can’t we kick him out or something?" Redmond displayed his dislike openly. Without the taunting and the competition between the shifters and the knights, it was a peaceful day. 
"You are welcome to do it, if you want. Run along and tell this to the alpha and the luna." Ethan waved his hands nonchalantly. The gamma was in constant bad mood during the whole week and they guessed it had anything to do with Aliana, though they didn’t know what was the problem. 
"Who are you to order me around?" Redmond then asked one of his warriors to deliver the message. 
Meanwhile, they only opened the gates for the merchant to deliver their food supplies, while the people from the Holy Kingdom had to wait outside of the gates. Without the permission from the alpha, they were not allowed to enter. 
And to their surprised, they actually waited, instead of causing a ruckus. 
"We came in peace. We only wanted to talk with the alpha and the luna!" one of the knights shouted from below the fortress, delivered the word from the elders. "To show our good intention, we can offer a solution to cure the brave merchant, Sir Lou." 
Redmond and Ethan sneered at the same time when they heard that. 
"Brave merchant?" Redmond scowled. "Don’t let Lou hear about that, I can imagine he would brag for a whole month." 
"Yeah, that knight should talk more realistic." 
In a way, both Redmond and Ethan didn’t think they were going to lose Lou. 
"That merchant is too stubborn to die," Redmond said. "Has Iris figured out a way to heal him?" 
"She said she found a way, but she didn’t explain it." 
They fell into silence. They would make time to check on Lou’s condition in separate occasion and it didn’t look good every time they came around. 
Shockingly, the warrior that Redmond sent to deliver the message returned and tell them Rei could enter the gate, while the rest could wait outside. 
"Really?" Redmond frowned. "Do you think they are up to something?" 
"Do you think this is Cane’s idea?" Ethan asked no one in particular. 
"It is hard to tell, Iris is getting wicked nowadays too," Redmond stated the obvious.
###Chapter 922: THE SERAFIM’S LAST BREATH
Chapter 922: THE SERAFIM’S LAST BREATH
Cane and Iris let Rei came over because they wanted to have as many options as possible to save Lou. They had their main decision, but they were open to another suggestion. 
If this was not for the merchant, they would let the people from the Holy Kingdom stayed out of this, because they got the hang of the situation, where they were sure they could end this war as soon as possible, since they had covered their basic, such as food supply and the fighters in the battle. 
Cane got Cezi on his side and his warriors thanked to Iris, not to mention his mate got the loyalty from the Blue Moon pack thanked to him. 
And with the merchant on their side, they helped Cane to gather magic users, who would arrive within a month from now. 
They could carry on without the involvement of the Holy Kingdom. But, Lou was in dire situation and as much as they didn’t want to have anything to do with them, they couldn’t do so. 
Lou was the only reason why Cane and Iris agreed to let Rei met with them, but of course, everything would go in their term, not the other way around. 
"You don’t need to come," Cane said. He put his arm around Iris’s waist and lifted her up to sit on his lap, as he sat down on a chair. It was noticeable that she had gained weight. All of her great appetite was paid off now. 
Of course, Cane wouldn’t mention anything about it, he remembered how upset Iris was when people pointed this out. Actually, he liked it this way, she looked healthy. Now, when she was naked, he could see the small bump on her stomach, though you wouldn’t be able to tell when she was wearing dress. 
"No. I want to be here," Iris said. There were a few questions she wanted to ask Rei and she needed to listen to the answer directly, on the note if he was willing to answer this. 
"Okay," Cane said, kissing her cheek, down to her neck, but Iris stopped him when he started to squeeze her breast. 
"Cane," She called his name softly. "Don’t." Rei would be here any time soon, she didn’t want to be caught in this position. 
Cane stopped his hand, but he didn’t stop peppering small kissed on her collarbones. "I like your scent." Her scent changed very subtly, but Cane could tell the difference without any problem. 
Iris sniffed herself. "I can’t smell myself." 
Hearing that, Cane chuckled, but then someone informed the two of them that Rei had arrived and Iris immediately straightened her back, was about to get off Cane’s lap, but the alpha didn’t allow it. 
"Sit still." Cane wrapped his arms around her body protectively and kissed her cheek before he allowed Rei to enter the room. Iris didn’t have time to reject this idea when Rei stepped in. 
Thus, the first sight that greeted him was the alpha and the luna was being lovey dovey with each other. 
"This is not the sight that expected," Rei stated. "I think you two can be more appropriate." There was a hint of anger in his calm voice. It reminded him in the past. There was a moment when he caught the sight of Na was sitting on Lu’s lap and the lycan literally stared at him tauntingly. 
And now it happened again. He felt like he saw Lu laughed at him. 
"I thought you would still kneel, because I haven’t let you get up." Iris looked innocent, but her words were sharp enough. Cane gave a squeeze on her bottom after what she said and when she lifted her head to look at him with a frown, the alpha’s eyes filled with mirth. 
They thought Rei would have strong respond, but instead he was being humble, which didn’t match with his character. 
"I am sorry that I can’t go through with my word, because my priority was to keep you safe, luna, so here I am. I need to go wherever you go. I am your protector." 
Iris wanted to tell him that she didn’t want him, but then they wouldn’t get their main purpose to let him in. Neither she nor Cane wanted to spend another second with Rei. 
"I want you to cure Lou. Whatever you have done to him, you need to undo it." Iris took the charge in this conversation, while Cane watched. His arms around her body were like a snake. No one could steal this woman from him. 
"I will do it as my token of apology." Rei nodded solemnly. "But, a long time has passed since the incident, thus I am not sure how his condition right now. I need to see him." 
His request did make sense, but Iris wanted to take all the precaution. She was not going to risk Lou’s life. 
"Explain to me what you have done to him." Iris wanted to have a good grasp of Lou’s condition and whether or not her guess was correct.
Rei paused for a moment before his explanation. "That’s a death curse. That’s a curse. Just like you already knew it that I used black magic." 
"No way, I have purified the black magic within his body. I have absorbed the black magic from him too." Iris was shocked with the answer, because he didn’t expect it at all. 
All of their assumption and Grace and Abby’s diagnose were actually wrong? Or maybe Rei was trying to fool her? But, she couldn’t tell whether he did fool her or not. 
"Do you know what else Na could do in her prime?" Rei took a step closer toward the couple. "Tell me what you can do with Na’s power and I will assure you, you don’t even know half of it." 
It almost like Iris was holding a great weapon, but she didn’t know how to properly use it, rendered the weapon became ordinary. 
"What else Na could do?" Iris looked into her memories once again, but most of them had faded. The memories that Na had stored for centuries started to vanish, just like how her existence couldn’t be found in this world again. 
"There are a lot and I am willing to teach you one by one, but of course, we can’t do it in a simple meeting like this. This is not enough." 
"Are you suggesting we will have a regular meeting?" Iris narrowed her eyes. 
"Abby learned how to be a proper Serafim for her entire life," Rei stated and Iris already knew that. "You have a lot to catch up." 
"No, thanks. I don’t need to know my power. I only want you to cure Lou or you can get out of here." 
"I will cure him only if you agreed that you will learn everything about Na’s power." 
That was it. Cane carried Iris and stood up. He was not going to listen to what Rei would say next and Iris was having a hard time to tell Cane to stop, because she still wanted to bargain with him. Yet, she clamped her mouth. 
There was this invisible tension in the air, which made you wanted to flee from the room. The two men were having yet another mental warfare, seeing who would stand in the end. 
Rei gritted his teeth and balled his fists. He stared at Cane’s back, but he was barely able to see Iris since his body covered her. He couldn’t tell how her expression right now. 
In the end, before Cane reached out the door, Rei opened his mouth. "I need to see him if I am going to cure him." 
Cane stopped walking and glanced over his shoulder. "Follow me." 
With that, they went to Lou’s bedroom and there was no agreement or anything related to Rei taught Iris about Na’s power. 
"You can put me down," Iris whispered to Cane. "I can walk." 
But the alpha didn’t want to listen. He carried her to Lou’s bedroom and even when they were finally inside, he didn’t put her down. 
In a way, this was ridiculous. 
"You can start to check on him," Cane said callously. Behind the curtain, Lou was still unconscious and his condition was getting worst. 
Rei threw a dagger look before he averted his sight from the two of them and started to check on the merchant. 
However, the next thing that happened, really shocked Iris because Rei actually could summon the Sylph. She thought it was only the Serafim, people with divine power, who could summon the air spirit. 
"How he can do that?" Iris frowned so hard and Cane was deep in thought. 
"The Sylph is an air creature, it helps the magic user to use their power without the magic stone," Rei explained this basic thing that Iris already knew, but it didn’t come to her mind to use the Sylph in order to cure Lou. "Using the Sylph to cure a magic user is like having a healing ability for the shifter." 
Iris did try to heal Lou, but she had never used the Sylph. 
And as Rei did that, Iris could see how the dark vines on Lou’s body started to fade away. His complexion looked better by time and Rei told her about this knowledge. He educated Iris of how to use her own power. 
"There is a reason why there is only one air magic stone in this entire realm and it belongs to the Serafim." Rei smiled. "Air magic stone made of the Serafim’s last breath."
###Chapter 923: REI KNEW SERAFIM’S POWER MORE THAN ANYONE ELSE
Chapter 923: REI KNEW SERAFIM’S POWER MORE THAN ANYONE ELSE
Rei proved it that he knew about Serafim more than any living being in this realm. Even Lu was not really aware of Na’s true power. Rei knew a lot and his knowledge himself was a threat for them. 
"Gnomes represent the earth, Undines represent the water, Salamander represent fire and Sylphs represent the air. The air magic stone was the last she created because it took a lot of her to get it done and while you can find a lot more magic stones in this realm, you can only have one air magic stone. She perfected the last magic stone with her last breath, that’s why the Sylph is very powerful." 
"How can you summon a Sylph?" Iris saw the spirit and even though it was not as strong as the one she summoned, it surely stronger than the one Abby summoned. 
Rei smiled helplessly at her. "I think I have told you more than enough. I don’t mind to tell you more about your power only if you are willing to learn about it." Rei glanced at Lou. "Only if you knew your own power, he will not need to suffer this long." 
"You are the one, who made him suffer, don’t wash your hand from that fact," Cane spoke for the first time when Rei tried to guilt trip Iris by putting the blame on her. 
Yet, Rei ignored Cane and focused on what he needed to say to Iris. "I can teach you a lot more about your power. I know your power more than anyone in this realm. You can ask anything and I will answer you without holding back, only if you are willing to let me teach you."
This was a temptation for Iris. Her curiosity poked its ugly head. There was myriad of questions in her mind and now the answer was right in front of her. 
However, there must be a price for that and Iris didn’t think she was willing to pay for it. 
There was this one thing that Iris really wanted to ask about; Cedric, but Rei still thought he had killed him and whether or not it was the right thing to do to expose his existence. 
"My healer said you poisoned him." 
Rei tilted his head at Cane. "Your healer is completely wrong then. This is death curse. He should have died right there and then if he didn’t bear the mark of Serafim’s protector. That’s what protected him. This is not only a simple mark. When you touched it, you created the bond with your protectors. They will be by your side in life and death situation." 
Iris didn’t know whether she had to sigh in relief or what, because her assumption of her power could be completely wrong and she could do more harm on Lou, but she could be right too. She could ask Rei about it and get the answer, but she knew what the condition for her to get the answer out of his mouth. 
On the other hand, Cane frowned. He didn’t like the sentence of his mate created a bond with another five men, it felt like he was sharing his mate. He disliked this whole concept of the Serafim and her protectors. 
"Where is Liam?" Iris asked. Among all the questions she wanted to ask, this was the safest. 
Rei sighed. "It’s complicated." He narrowed his eyes at Iris, who was still in Cane’s arms. "You can’t get what you want without giving up anything, Serafim. That’s not how this world works." 
It meant, if Iris wanted to know more, she knew what she should do. 
Iris gritted her teeth, but she entertained the idea of letting Rei taught her. There would be no harm in there, right? But, of course, she would need to discuss this with Cane. They were a team now and she always loved every discussion with her mate. 
He always gave her different way of how to see things. 
It took Rei more than three hours to really cure Lou’s condition and during that time, Cane stubbornly didn’t put Iris down. He kept carrying her in his arms, despite her attempt to get down. 
However, even after three hours had passed, he didn’t look tired at all. The alpha didn’t even break a sweat and Rei glanced at him with anger in his eyes. It was not certain if he needed that long time to cure Lou or he just wanted to test Cane’s limit. 
"He will be fine now." Rei finally stood up when the sky had turned dark. The wind entered the room and it carried the smell of rotten leaves. They were almost in the end of summer and soon the weather would get a little bit cold again during the autumn. 
They had to end this before winter came, because it would be hard to get supply, since the sea would be frozen and it would create another problem for them. 
"Someone will escort you out of the pack," Cane said. 
Rei didn’t give strong respond to that, he only smiled and nodded at Iris. "I will answer all of your question only if you let me to teach you about everything." 
Dean then entered the room and escorted Rei out of there, he would stay with his people outside of the pack and he didn’t even complain about that, as if he was very sure that Iris would fold eventually. She needed him to guide her. 
"You can put me down now, Cane." Iris caressed his cheek and this time Cane put her down. "You are being petty, you hurt your arms." 
Iris felt bad because he had to carry her for hours. She knew why Cane did that. He didn’t trust Rei at all and didn’t want to risk a chance for Rei to swoop her away. 
"I am fine. It’s time for you to eat." He tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear. 
"I want to check on him first..." Iris said, she went to see Lou and make sure Rei didn’t do anything to him. 
On the other hand, Cane asked for their meal to be brought inside the room and for Grace and Abby to come. They could check on Lou, while his mate had her dinner. 
It was only a week later Lou woke up and Iris happened to visit him. She became anxious because he didn’t wake up, she even wrote a letter to Rei to ask about this, but the man assured her that he would wake up eventually. 
Iris also had talked about this matter with Cane and you could see that he was strongly against it, even though he agreed she needed more knowledge about her power. 
They had not yet made any decision about this topic. 
"Am I in heaven?" Lou asked groggily, he blinked his eyes when he saw Iris was actually crying. "I see an angel." 
"No, Lou. You are in Golden Light pack," Ethan said casually, shattering his dream. He was there, pestering Iris again because Aliana was still mad at him. 
Lou frowned. "Why there is a devil here?" 
"What?" Ethan squinted his eyes at the merchant. "Do you really want to go to heaven that bad, huh?" 
"Ethan," Iris warned him, chuckling because this was what she expected when the two of them were together and somehow, their bickering was really comforting and if Lou could talk back to the gamma, it meant there was nothing to be worried about. 
Iris hoped everything would go well and there was nothing major would happen. She was sure she was in good state. She didn’t harbor ill feeling and there was no negative emotion she felt recently. 
Most of the time, she would spend her time to stare at her little light, talking with Hanna and Amee, or occasionally would go out and people would come to her with flowers or anything they had, as a way to show their gratitude. 
Vincent also changed his attitude, even though it was no drastic, but he was way more respectful toward her than before. 
Everything was fine and she hoped it would be like this until everything was ended, so she could start her little family with her babies and Cane. They had gone through so much trouble that could last them for life. 
However, who she was kidding when there was this problem with the Holy Kingdom. 
"I just recovered," Lou whined when he was informed that they were going to go to Red Claw pack in two days from now. 
"Lou, I saw you walking around with Lil Thing two days ago." 
"Still, I am not in my best condition." 
Iris shrugged his shoulder. "You can stay here then." 
"Will you stay here with me too?" 
"No." 
"But, I need someone to check on me." 
Iris grinned this time. "Don’t worry. Cane will agree to send someone to pick Nala and Sabian up from Diandem pack. They can look after you." 
"Iris! You don’t care about me at all!" Lou watched how Iris slipped out of the room, laughing. He was upset, but he loved to hear her laughter. 
And just like what had been planned, two days later they started to move toward Red Claw pack. 
This time, it would be different because they knew alpha Dex would wait for them there and there would be a battle, since he wouldn’t give up the pack willingly. 
"Aliana, can’t you see how miserable Ethan is?" Iris pointed her finger at the gamma from inside her carriage. "Haven’t you talked to him yet?"
###Chapter 924: THERE WAS NO EXPIRATION DATE ON GRIEVING
Chapter 924: THERE WAS NO EXPIRATION DATE ON GRIEVING
Aliana knew that Iris would bring this topic, knowing how Ethan would often be seen with the luna. She also knew this was not the right way to handle this problem and she had turned down every Ethan’s attempt to talk to her and explain himself. 
"What is it, Aliana? It’s not like you to act like this." Iris stretched out her hand and grabbed hers. 
They were on the way to Red Claw pack, with the additional of warrior from Golden Light pack that was led by Vincent. 
Cane and Jace had a talk with him and the gamma of the Golden Light pack agreed to pledge his loyalty to Cane, so did the remaining warriors there. It helped when they felt Cane was different. He actually helped the pack member and didn’t throw them into a slavery life. 
In fact, their lives improved when Cane’s party came and more importantly, all the pack member seemingly started liking Iris because of her rare kindness. 
More so, there was this grudge. Vincent held a grudge upon alpha Dex for abandoning their pack for the wealthy one and ignoring their cries for help. 
The people from the Holy Kingdom came with them as well, but they brought up the rear while Cane and his people led the way, which meant there was a huge distance between them. 
Rei didn’t make a fuss and he didn’t even try to look for Iris, but it didn’t mean Cane would put his guard down. As long as he was still in this continent, he was still a threat. 
"I don’t know, luna. I don’t know whether I am mad or I am sad," Aliana said. They were inside the moving carriage and she was here to accompany her. There were only the two of them inside the carriage, which meant there was no escape for her. 
Therefore, there was no harm to talk with her, since she already knew about the problem. Maybe she could offer her a better solution. 
"What are you mad of, Aliana?" Iris looked at her, but she avoided her gaze. "I know, Ethan used to talk recklessly without even thinking twice, but you and I know for sure that he had no ill intention toward the people he cared. He loves you, Aliana. Even blind people could see that." 
Iris then explained to Aliana about the reason why he didn’t want to have a child with her. Not because he didn’t want to, but he loved her so much, he didn’t want her to go through such pain. He didn’t even want to take the risk of losing Aliana during the childbirth, which could happen. He only wanted her. 
"I know... I know."
Aliana kept mumbling the word, but she didn’t actually look at Iris in the eyes. 
"I am sure if you talked to him and reassure him that everything will be alright, he will change his mind." Iris tugged her hand, so Aliana could look at her. "Cane rejected my pregnancy at the beginning, remember? Not because he hated the babies, but because he was scared of the unknown. He was scared of getting hurt again, or I am getting hurt. 
If the problem is with the child, I think both of you can find a better solution to fix it. Instead of ignoring him, why don’t you talk to him about what you feel. 
When Cane ignored for the whole week, it hurt me so much. I would rather have him angry and scream at me instead of hi silence." 
Aliana listened to Iris. She gritted her teeth. Holding back her tears. 
"Unless, the problem is not only with a child and you only used this excuse to get away from him. Now, tell me why you have been ignoring him, Aliana? Why are you sad?" 
Aliana felt very miserable. "I don’t know. He loves me too much, I think I can’t match with his love." 
"Loving someone shouldn’t always be equal, right? There was time when I love Cane less when he was being too cruel and calculative. There was also time when I love him so much until my heart ached missing him. There was time when we hurt each other. But, by the end of the day, he was the one that I want to be with for long time." 
Aliana lowered her head. 
Iris then let go of her hands and cupped her face so she could look at her. "Aliana, do you want to talk about your baby?" Ethan told her that the death of her babies had triggered something inside Aliana, but she couldn’t talk about it because Iris was the priority at that time, and now Iris wished she could help her the way she did to her. 
"Years have passed. There is nothing to be talked about." Despite that was what she said, but her eyes started to moisten. 
"There is no expiration date on grieving upon losing your child. Days, months, years and even decades can come and go, but your grief will always be there, because their nonexistence is a reminder that we lost them. We only dealt with it a little bit better, saying we are fine. Because some people thought time really could heal us and we will be fine. No. For some people, time couldn’t heal this kind of lost." 
Aliana’s bottled up emotions started to crack, she covered her face with both of her palms, as she started to cry her heart out and Iris immediately hugged her, comforting her. 
Thankfully, no one could hear her cry from outside of the carriage. Haco’s spell still worked even though he was no longer there with them. 
"It’s okay, you can cry." 
And there, inside the carriage, there were two women, two mothers, who lost their children due to the circumstances, feeling guilty for not having any power to protect their love ones, how they wished they were a little bit stronger, or the world was a little bit better for their little ones. 
The pain of carrying their baby for months, feeling their first move and their little move inside them only to lose them when they finally could hug them. In Aliana’s case, she didn’t even get a chance to hear her baby’s cry. 
Out there, the sky was so bleak as this grand entourage marched toward Red Claw pack. They only reached the pack three weeks later because of the miasma. They found the miasma very often the closer they got to the Red Claw pack. 
They had to avoid it because they didn’t want to take a chance to get poisoned. They had asked Rei about it, but he was still standing firm with his condition. Let him taught Iris or he wouldn’t answer any question, which sounded very annoying rather than worrying. 
"Abby." 
"I don’t wish to talk with you, Elder Rose." 
Elder Rose had been trying to talk with Abby, but because she was always with the shifters it was hard for Elder Rose to get close to her. 
During their journey to the Red Claw pack also there was a huge distance between them and even when they had to spend three weeks to get here, Elder Rose couldn’t even get a glimpse of her. 
Only now, when they finally settled near the territory of Red Claw pack, in the Aggeverya road to be exact, Elder Rose had a chance to come closer to the shifter’s campsite and as luck was on her side, she could meet with Abby. 
She was visibly pregnant now. You could see her bump under her dress, though some people might too ignorant to notice it. 
"Can’t we have a civil conversation?" Elder Rose grabbed Abby’s arm to stop her from leaving. "You don’t belong with them." 
"I don’t belong anywhere." 
"You can comeback to our people. Why do you want to mingle with these barbaric creatures?" 
Abby swatted her hand from her grip. "These barbaric creatures you are talking about, showing me more humanity than you could." 
"You are part of the Holy Kingdom." 
"Let me remind you. I was stripped from my status as a Serafim, I am not part of it anymore." 
"It has not yet happened!" 
"It will happen eventually." Abby didn’t want to talk with Elder Rose, but there was one thing that she could do for her. "Tell me, where is Liam? What have you done to him?" 
Elder Rose clamped her mouth when she heard that. She looked defensive. 
Abby had expected this reaction, but she was still disappointed. "For once," she said with trembling voice. "For once, can you act like a mother to me?" 
And after she waited for a while and was sure there was nothing she could get from Elder Rose, Abby turned around and left. 
She reached her tent, but Aliana stopped her. "Luna Iris wanted to see you, we found something. Come, you need to check on this." 
Abby nodded, she rubbed her eyes to get rid of the tears and followed Aliana. They went a little bit further, where Iris, Cane and a few other people had gathered, staring at a certain that hang on the tree. 
"I feel a strong black magic from that thing." Iris pointed her finger at a thing that hanged from the tree, it looked like a cocoon, but it was so big, a man could be inside of it. "What do you thing is that?" 
Abby stared at the cocoon for some time. Iris was right, it filled with a strong black magic, she then mumbled something.
###Chapter 925: ANOTHER ANCIENT CREATURE
Chapter 925: ANOTHER ANCIENT CREATURE
"Devil spider," Abby mumbled the words, but aside from her, no one knew what was that, thus she explained a little bit information that she knew. "Devil spider is an ancient creature, a monster." 
This creature was as ancient as the dragon, the monster that supposed to extinct centuries ago. Abby only learned this because she happened to read a manuscript about this, back when she learned the history of the Serafims. She saw a drawing of the cocoon of the devil spider and was sure this was the same thing. 
"Unbelievable..." Ethan muttered. He stared at the cocoon with a frown. "It’s big enough to fit a human, what do you think inside?" Abby stared at him, as if he was asking an unnecessary question and this finally dawn on the gamma. "No way, you are not going to tell me, this is..." 
"It’s human," Elder Rose, she finished the word and everyone turned their head to look at her. They were too preoccupied with the cocoon, they were not aware Elder Rose approached them, aside from Cane. 
The alpha saw her coming closer and didn’t stop her because this woman could give them more information. 
"How can be the ancient creature is here?" Ethan frowned. He didn’t bother with Elder Rose’s presence, because there was something more interesting for him to know and she might have the answer. "The Serafim said this creature should have been extinct." 
"You have seen the dragon. The dragon should have been extinct too, but you fought one." 
"Well, technically, I didn’t see the dragon, but I get what you are trying to say." Ethan was unconscious at that time and put aside the dangerous situation, he really wanted to see a real living dragon. 
"How can the ancient monsters keep appearing?" Jace asked. He picked up a stick to poke the cocoon, but Iris stopped him. She felt something really ominous from this cocoon. 
"Decratic," Elder Rose replied. This was the answer that they already thought, but it didn’t explain anything. 
"Elaborate what do you mean with that," Lou asked, he just recovered from life and death situation and was a little bit in a bad mood because of the long journey. Though Grace had said he was fine, but he kept insisting he needed Iris to check on him, until Cane had a ’talk’ with him and he begrudgingly stopped. 
Elder Rose gave a look at the merchant before she explained. "Decratic was the epitome of everything evil. He is a strong black magic user." Elder Rose shook her head. "We can’t even say that he is a magic user because his existence is very different from the rest of us. You can say he is the opposite of the Serafim." 
The existence of the Serafim couldn’t be categorized with any kind in this realm too. The Serafim was not a shifter, a human, a magic user... the entity of Serafim and Decratic was the same, though they were the opposite of each other. 
"Luna! Luna!" Zale rushed toward Iris. "I saw more there! There are a lot of that thing there!" Zale pointed at the cocoon and then toward the direction where he came from. "But, there are a lot of miasma too! You need to be careful!" 
"Stay here," Cane said. He didn’t like it when Iris was exposed to such dangerous thing. 
"I am okay, Cane." Iris wrapped her arm around his and caressed his chest. "Have you forgotten that I can purify it?" Iris couldn’t get rid of the miasma, but she could purify it. "You can’t come closer too if I am not there." 
This poisonous miasma could make you numb and once you couldn’t move, you didn’t have any other option but breathed in the poisonous air, which would eventually lead you to your death. 
"No, they are not strong enough," Iris said. She knew what her mate was going to suggest. 
Before, during their three weeks journey, they used Abby and Elder Rose to purify the miasma, but it took them half a day to take care of one miasma, while they had encountered more than they could count.
Even Rei, who strangely had the Serafim’s divine power, because he could call the Sylph, couldn’t really purify the miasma. Something about him having the divine power was really weird, but Iris knew she wouldn’t get the answer out of his mouth unless she agreed with his condition. 
However, even when she wanted to, she wouldn’t do it if Cane didn’t agree. 
If they had to depend on Abby and Elder Rose, they wouldn’t have arrived at the border of Red Claw pack’s territory right now. 
It didn’t mean that Cane belittled her power, he admitted how strong his mate was, but his first instinct would always to put her out of harm way and he couldn’t control himself when it came to her safety. 
Occasionally, Iris would find Cane woke up in the middle of the night and breathed heavily, as if he was having a nightmare. From the look of it, Cane tried to bottle up his anxiety, which even Iris’s presence couldn’t help it. 
"I will be fine," Iris tiptoed to kiss him, but Cane was being petty, he didn’t bend his body to accommodate her like usual, thus she kissed his chest instead and then walked away with Zale. 
The young boy glanced at the alpha and followed the luna, showing her the area where he found there were a lot of cocoons, you could say there were three dozen of them and three fissures of miasma. 
Iris immediately purified the air around her and all of them had to stay close with her, which meant, Aliana couldn’t avoid Ethan. The two of them had not yet returned to normal and the gamma was being helpless. 
Iris thought, after their conversation inside the carriage, they would go back to how they used to, but she was wrong, Aliana still kept her distance from Ethan. 
"Don’t be too far," Ethan said, he grabbed Aliana’s hand and pulled her closer to him, but Aliana gave a little twist, yet Ethan held her hand even firmer. 
Jace watched everything from behind, while Lou walked beside him. "Do you want to claw his hand away from your sister?" The merchant teased. "Do it. Don’t let anyone touch your baby sister." 
The beta growled at the merchant and walked ahead, he walked beside Abby now, while elder Rose followed them quietly from behind. Her eyes were on Abby. Their last conversation bothered her so much, especially with how callous she was. 
Abby used to be an obedient girl, who would do everything to meet everyone’s expectation, therefore to see her didn’t care anymore at anyone or anything didn’t sit well with Elder Rose. 
More so, seeing how pregnant she was right now, it almost felt like she saw herself... 
Abby was right. Her current condition was the same like how she was decades ago. 
"Are you, okay?" Iris asked Zale. She remembered this young boy roamed around this area alone and was exposed to the miasma. 
"I am fine," Zale said. He looked fine. 
This was weird because if Zale came here earlier without Iris, he supposed to feel uncomfortable somewhere, he must have breathed the poisonous miasma. 
Iris thought about it for a while before she dropped the matter and focus on the cocoon. Zale was right. This place was covered with this cocoon. 
"This one is still moving!" Abby pointed out one of the cocoons. It was subtle, but you could see the movement from inside. 
"Do you think there is something alive inside?" Ethan asked. 
"What? Like a giant worm?" Lou replied. 
"I mean human, you idiot." Ethan glared at Lou, who taunted him. 
"We need to open it," Abby said. If this was a human, the movement indicating that they were still alive, they needed to save them. 
"Don’t touch it, it contains dark magic!" Iris warned Ethan when he was about to claw the cocoon. "I will purify it first." 
However, Cane didn’t think that was a good idea. He hated the idea to be exact. "No need." He grabbed his mate’s shoulder and pushed her back behind him. He had enough. Iris knew she was powerful, but sometime she could be very reckless with that knowledge. 
Cane stood in front of Iris and he used the black wisp to slash the cocoon. Using black wisp was not Iris’s first option, because she didn’t comfortable of using this power. Not like Cane, she didn’t really grasp this power. 
"Hey! You can give me a warning!" Lou protested. Thankfully, he had a good reflex, where he could dodge the black liquid that spurted out from the cocoon when Cane slashed it. "What is that?" 
Lou came closer to see what kind of thing that had been moving inside the cocoon when a big, slimy thing splashed on the ground. 
It looked like a creature inside a thick membrane that covered it, but upon closer look, Lou was sure this was not a human being like how they were thinking. "This is not human, what is this?" 
The membrane was very thick, but what prevented him from seeing the creature inside was the green liquid that filled the membrane. 
The thing inside it was still moving and when Cane slashed it again to make an opening, the green liquid oozed out and everyone could see what was inside. 
It was spider. As big as human! 
"What the fuck!" Lou jumped and backed away when the spider crawled its way out of the membrane.
###Chapter 926: CREATING A STORM
Chapter 926: CREATING A STORM
The creature was as big as human, with its eight, black eyes that stared back into your soul. It let out a noise that you have never heard before. The sound between a dying deer and a growl of an angry animal. 
"What have you done to provoke it?!" Ethan scolded Lou, as all of them backed away from this creature. 
"What?!" Lou protested. "I have not insulted it yet! Who said that inside was a human?!" 
Elder Rose narrowed her eyes and then she quoted something from the manuscript she had read about the characteristic of the Devil Spider. "This is the spiderling." 
"What do you mean with spiderling? Are you going to say that creature is a baby spider?!" Ethan grimaced. 
"What kind of baby as big as that?!" Lou felt like that spider crawled on his skin. He didn’t know that he hated spider until now. The sight of those eight eyes and eight legs churned his stomach. "It’s as big as Lil Thing!" 
However, Cane and Iris looked calm. They only scrunched their nose slightly because this creature looked so disgusting with the slimy green liquid that still covered its body. 
"Do you feel the ominous feeling comes from that monster?" Cane asked Iris, who was standing behind him. 
"Yes, I feel the ominous feeling from it." Iris pursed her lips when the spiderling vomited white liquid from its small, fanged mouth. 
That was why, Cane couldn’t control this monster and Iris needed to purify it first. Yet, they didn’t need to keep this creature around. 
Without a second thought, Cane used the black wisp to slash the monster’s body into two. It was a clean cut and the blood of the monster was black, thus right now there were this green, black and white slimy liquid pooled around the dead body of the monster. 
"Yuck! I am going to vomit." Lou rushed away and emptied his stomach. 
"I am going to," Ethan said, following the merchant. He had never seen something so disgusting like that. 
"Wait... if that cocoon filled with this thing, it meant..." Jace looked around them and they could feel the creep crawled down their spines. 
There were at least more than thirty cocoons here, which each of them filled with the spiderling. 
"If the spiderling is that big, how big the real Devil Spider?" Aliana asked their main concern. They had not yet seen the monster on their way here. 
Elder Rose explained this because she had more knowledge about it. 
Apparently, after the Devil Spider would take a victim and wrapped it inside the cocoon, before it laid eggs inside the person, which meant, the person was still alive when the egg hatched and slowly ate them from inside. 
"That’s disgusting," Aliana said with a frown. "How can we destroy them?" 
"The most effective way is to burn them." 
It was a rare occasion where Elder Rose actually helped them. She explained thing without them even asking, as if she wanted to redeem herself, but unfortunately, Abby was not willing to spare her time to talk with her. 
But, with her suggestion, they started to burn the cocoon on their way to cross the border. 
"It smells like rotten flesh." Ethan covered his nose and felt so dizzy. He disliked this smell, so did Lou. 
"I hate spider," Lou complained along the way. 
But, not only in that area that they found the cocoon, but also along the way on Aggeverya road, which was an inconvenient for the shifters, since they had more sensitive senses than the knights. 
"Are you, okay?" Iris asked, she stared at Cane’s face. He was frowning because the smell was rather strong. For Iris, this was only a bad smell, but for Cane it was a torture. 
"Hm." 
Cane pulled Iris closer to him and buried his face against her bossom, breathing in her scent and it helped a lot to push down his disgust at the smell. 
Therefore, the alpha spent his time more inside the carriage, while Iris cuddled him. She hoped they found more cocoon ahead of them. 
Iris shook her head internally. That was not something that she should wish for. 
Inside the carriage, Cane used to ask about the little lights and Iris explained that she already could see the form of it. 
"They are as big as my two thumbs now," Iris said, showing Cane her two thumbs as the comparison. "I think they are going to make their first move soon." Their baby girls made their first move around this month of the pregnancy. 
Cane didn’t show it, but Iris knew how excited Cane was to see their babies. He would listen to whatever she was saying about their babies, even though she repeated the same thing over and over again, trying to give him the detail of the little lights that only she could see them. 
Thankfully, the closer they got to the fortress of the Red Claw pack, the amount of the cocoon decreased and also the miasma. 
However, this pack looked very gloomy, as if there was no one alive inside. This was not the glamorous Red Claw pack that was known for its wealth as the richest pack in this continent. 
"Damn it! What alpha Dex had done to this place?!" Koda was so angry when he saw his pack had turned like this. "That’s fucking alpha! We need to go inside and behead his head!" 
However, no one heard his rumbled of protest, as they waited for their scouts to return and give the report. They were not going to approach without any preparation and knew what they would face. 
But, their scout had never returned... 
"We don’t need to wait anymore, we only need to charge that pack! There is no way they can fight all of us! Why we need to wait?" Koda became more aggressive as they reached the third day and they had lost eleven scouts. They came from the shifters, knights and magic users. 
"If you really wanted to go, just go! No one will stop you!" Lou had enough with his whining, as he shouted at this old man. "Here, take this with you, maybe this can be useful. Count this as my blessing. Go now." Lou threw a fork in front of Koda that he used to eat his fruit. 
"You!" Koda stood up from his seat, his finger pointed at the magic user, but he would be so dumb if he thought he could scare the merchant by raising his voice. 
"What?" Lou raised his brows, waiting what he was going to do. 
Currently, they were inside the main tent with the other representative from their own kind. The elders and Rei were there, so did Iris, Cane and his beta and Gamma, while Cezi came with his beta, Arche and Lou was the representative of the merchants. 
On the other hand, Koda didn’t really have any force under his control, because most of the remaining warrior from the Red Claw pack didn’t join them in this journey. Therefore, it was safe to say that he held no real power whatsoever. 
But, his favorite word that he would throw at them would be; he was the grandfather of the future king of this kingdom, thus everyone should respect him as such. 
If it was not for the fact Lou knew that Cane had a grand plan for this old thing, he would have cursed him. 
Lou also still didn’t like the fact Iris stayed in the same place with Rei. He didn’t trust this hypocrite black magic users. 
Therefore, they met with dead end again. 
However, after a week had passed and their scouts still didn’t return. Cane suggested to make the first move and attack them. 
One thing that they were certain of was; there was no protection spell around this pack. No black magic or anything. Therefore, the missing scouts were mystery, because they just vanished. 
Cezi’s warrior disappeared without any trace when he was mindlinking the other warrior. There was no scream, no pleading for help, nothing. 
It was nerves wrecking to say the least. Not even a black magic could do this. 
And today, marked the second weeks they tried to figure out a way to gather information around the pack, but had to fail every time, they gathered together and Rei would try to use his power and intercept the pack. 
"If he can do this, why he didn’t do it since the beginning, so we don’t need to lose so many people," Redmond grumbled. In his mind, this man named Rei only wasted their time. In most of the meeting he attended, he was there and he didn’t say anything at all. 
If in the beginning he was very active to suggest a lot of things of how to proceed further, right now he was very passive. 
"Right?" Ethan grumbled too. "We shouldn’t have sent our people, instead let the Holy Kingdom dealt with it." 
All of them watched how Rei made the clouds turned dark and the wind became harsh, as if there was going to be a storm here. 
"You need to go inside," Cane said. 
Iris went inside the carriage with Hanna and Amee, the three of them watched how the sky turned so dark, reminding them of black rain and dark sky. 
The alpha frowned at Rei. They agreed that he was going to attack the pack by using his magic, but he had never said about creating a storm. Cane didn’t even think someone could create a storm.
###Chapter 927: THE SECOND FORTRESS
Chapter 927: THE SECOND FORTRESS
How could he pull it through? 
How strong he was? 
The storm was very powerful where it came in full force toward the fortress. Everyone was able to see how strong Rei’s power and even the knights and the magic users didn’t have any clear idea about it until now. 
They were dumbstruck and speechless, especially when most of them only knew about Rei’s existence by hearsay. 
Meanwhile. Cane was on alert when he witnessed it, even Lou couldn’t pull this kind of power. It saved to say this was not something that cane expecting at all. There is something vicious about it that he couldn’t explain by word and this kind of power that could bring such massive destruction, shouldn’t have existed in the first place. 
Everyone watched as the strong and powerful fortress was being blown away as if it was nothing and when you just snapped out of your shocking state, everything was done. Everything had turned into dust and dirt, leaving the evidence of Rei’s strong power. 
"This is unbelievable." Lou was in disbelieve. Even a magic user like him was amazed by his power. "How he can do that?" He muttered to himself and Ethan agreed with him. 
The fortress crumbled before their eyes and there was nothing more terrifying at this moment than the ancient black magic user before them who happened knew how to call the storm. 
Rei breathed deeply and when he turned around his face was as gentle as usual. "I am done. I think it is safe for us to go inside now." He was a little bit disappointed because he couldn’t see Iris since the Alpha sent her to stay inside the carriage, but it didn’t dampen his mood. 
Above them, the sky was clear again and the warm light of the sun basked upon them. 
Cane showed nothing on his expression, he was as callous as usual and when he led his warriors to charge forward he didn’t show an ounce of emotion. 
They went inside the pack and found a few things there. The front area of the pack, where the main gates were, had been abandoned. Houses around this area had been left by the owner, instead there was this new high wall that separated the two area, it’s almost like a second fortress. 
"I don’t remember there is this high wall the last time I was here." Lou looked around them. 
Cane and the shifters led the people in the front but Lou didn’t join them, he stayed beside Iris’s carriage with Zale and Abby’s carriage right behind it with Cedric stayed inside with her. 
Meanwhile right behind them was the people from Holy Kingdom. The Merchant and magic users brought up the rear. The magic users from the Holy Kingdom were wearing black cloak with hoodie that covered their faces, which making a challenge to know whether they were men or women. 
"What happened Lou?" Iris asked, poked her head out of the carriage window. She could feel something was not right and they stopped for a while in this spot. 
Lou then gladly explained to her what happened, while in the front, Cane was talking with Koda and the old thing argued about something with the alpha. 
" There is no question about it, you can blow it away like how you did it earlier, right? What is so hard?" Once again, Koda was acting more authoritative when he talked with them, as if they could go this far thanked to him When in reality, his contribution was close to zero. 
"No, I can’t do it again," Rei replied calmly. This calmness specifically bothered Cane, because it made it harder for him to read him. 
"Why not?" Koda had been laying low when they faced adversity, but when they got closer to Red Claw pack, he became more active and noisy. 
"Because I don’t have enough power to do it again. I have reached my limit and summoning storm is not an easy thing to do." Rei actually explained this to him with patient. 
On the other hand, Cane went away from their meaningless argumentation and saw something that piqued his interest. Cezi saw it and followed him. 
"Did you find something, alpha?" 
Cane narrowed his eyes at one of the abandoned houses. "There is someone there." 
"Someone?" Cezi followed his line of sight but he couldn’t see anyone. " Do you want me to go and check? I don’t smell strange scent, but I can be wrong," 
Even though Cezi was actually on the same title like Cane, but he treated Cane more respectfully, as If he was in higher status than him. 
"No. I will check it myself, stay here and pay dose attention to the two of them." After saying that Cane went to check the person, who has been looking at them secretly from inside the house. 
Cezi was right, he didn’t smell strange scent. Or maybe because the distance between him and the house? He was not sure about that. 
"Where did Cane go alone?" Iris could see Cane walked away from the shifters and entered the abandoned house. 
"Maybe he wanted to take a pee." Lou let out his idea and Iris gave him a look. "What? That’s normal, Okay?" 
Iris was couldn’t with this merchant. She then decided to walk out of her carriage to check on Cane. She was worried. She had been sensing this ominous feeling ever since they meet with the Devil Spider, which could only mean two things; first, it could be only her being paranoia, because of this whole uncertainty, but second, this ominous feeling could be a very strong black magic. 
When the black magic was too powerful, Iris only left with this ominous feeling. She felt it often when Rei nearby. 
"Wait, I will come with you!" Lou rushed behind Iris. But when he looked to his left side he saw Zale came with them too. "What are you doing? Shoo! Shoo!" He waved his hands as if he wanted to get rid annoying insect.
###Chapter 928: MANIPULATION AND THE TRUTH
Chapter 928: MANIPULATION AND THE TRUTH
"You are not Luna’s only protector." Zale reminded him of his status too. In this case, Zale and Lou were on the same level, which the merchant hated the most. 
However, they failed to notice the strangeness of the situation. 
Even when Iris went out of the carriage, Hanna and Amee, who stayed with her inside the carriage didn’t stop her from getting out, knowing how the situation could be dangerous for their pregnant luna and most importantly, they looked like they didn’t care at all. 
Meanwhile, Iris’s five warriors didn’t stop her too, or at least came with her. They looked normal, like nothing was happening. As if, they didn’t see Iris. 
No one sensed this oddity aside from Cedric. He was Inside the carriage with Abby, talking to her, but she didn’t respond. At first, Cedric didn’t think too much about it. He thought Abby was contemplating something, until he realized everyone outside of the carriage had this same monotonous expression, just like what Abby had right now. 
"What happened here?" Cedric asked to no one in particular and tried to get Abby back to her senses but it didn’t work. From the window of his carriage, he watched luna Iris went into an abandoned house, followed by Lou and Zale. 
From the look of it, they were the only people who were normal and had not yet realized what actually happening. 
However, when Cedric was about to go out, he watched Rei entered the same house like Iris had stepped in with Lou and Zale. 
Cedric halted for a while because he could sense Rei was up to no good. 
Only when Rei had disappeared into the house. Cedric came out and followed them into the same house. By doing this, he risked himself to get exposed. His life could be in danger because of it. 
Cedric decided to follow them into the house. But someone Startled him when they called his name. No one supposed to know that it was him, because he was wearing his hoodie and given to the circumstances, the person who called him could be a potential danger for the knight. 
But thankfully it was actually alpha Cezi, he approached him with a deep frown on his face. 
"Do you notice this?" Cezi asked. He didn’t need to elaborate because Cedric knew what he meant. 
"Yes, this is weird." Cedric pointed his finger at the house and asked if he was going there too. 
"Yes, I saw the luna and the other two people entered." He then added. "Also Rei." 
"Yes, I saw that too." 
"It’s Okay for you to be seen by him?" Cezi was well aware of Cedric’s situation. 
The knight thought about it for a while. " If there is something wrong, I guess this has something to do with Rei. More so, there is no point for me to stay hidden when the situation is like this, I am going to die anyway if Rei was behind this." 
In the end, Cedric and Cezi went into the house together, but before that, the knight looked over his shoulder at thousand of warriors, knights, magic users and all the people, who had participated in this Journey and all of them looked like usual, normal even, aside from the fact they were very ignorance and unresponsive to their surroundings. 
It didn’t sit well with Cedric. Any kind of abnormality in this situation could be taken as a bad sign. More so, this house didn’t give any good feeling at all. 
Almost like there was something really bad that would wait for them inside. This house was not big, but surely this was not a poor house either and when they went Inside, they knew that this was a jewelry shop with a lot of precious gems were still on display. 
"Where are they?" Cezi tried to find any of them, but he couldn’t smell their scent in the air, as if they had vanished. 
============================ 
Iris was sure that she came not long after Cane, thus basically she wouldn’t miss him, but when she was inside and searched for him for a while, she couldn’t find Cane, instead it was Rei, who was waiting for her. He was standing in the front table and stared at Iris. 
Seeing this, Iris immediately turned around t, walk away from here, but when she was sure that Lou and Zale were right behind her, she couldn’t find any of them. 
"I only want to make sure of something. You don’t need to be afraid and try to run away from me. I promise this will not belong." Rei walked toward Iris, but his eyes filled with fear and he kept clenched and unclenched his fists. 
You could tell that something upset him. 
"Where is Cane?’ Iris asked with stern voice. She was not going to listen to what he wanted her to do, thus she went to the door, but it was locked. 
This room smell like Citrus and she didn’t like the fact she was here alone with him. How he could be here? He was talking with Koda earlier and didn’t even followed Cane into this house. 
"You don’t need to worry, he is fine for now." Rei’s expression was devoid from any emotions, as if he was not really here. His mind was miles away from here. 
"I don’t believe you." 
"This is not the first time you said that you don’t believe me." Rei narrowed his eyes. He looked sad and tired. "Ever since you met with the lycan, you became less trusting toward me." 
Iris immediately notice that Rei was not talking to her, he was talking to Na. He still refused to believe that Na has gone. Completely gone and he didn’t have a chance to see her.to meet her, despite how long he had been waiting for her. 
In the end, he lost to the lycan again and Na chose him over and over again. 
"Na has gone. She is no longer here anymore," Iris said, but Rei shook his head.
###Chapter 929: MANIPULATION AND THE TRUTH (2)
Chapter 929: MANIPULATION AND THE TRUTH (2)
What Iris said look like it had shaken up Rel from his delusion of Na. He refused to believe Na was no longer in this world, that she had vanished and Rei’s years, centuries of waiting was for nothing. 
In the end, he couldn’t even find her soul. Not a word, not a goodbye, not even an anger from her. Nothing. She had gone and it was Lu, who was with her, in her last moment before her soul was completely fussed with Iris. Just like how she wanted centuries ago, in her last breath. 
Even in her last moment, Na only thought of Lu. 
"She is not going anywhere. I am going to protect her." Rei gritted his teeth when he said that, as he moved closer to Iris. 
"But, you are the person that she needed to be protected from," Iris replied. She moved back from him because she realized her predicament. With how strong Rei was, there was no way lis could fight him head on if she didn’t think of a way to escape this situation. 
"I love Na with everything in me. only if she gave me a chance, I can show her how much the love I have for her." Rei looked Iris deeply into her eyes. " You will not be here, having Na’s soul if it’s not for me." 
Hearing that statement, Iris narrowed her eyes. "What do you mean with that?" 
However, Rei didn’t answer her question, it seemed he had enough conversation with Iris and now he wanted to go through with his intention. 
All Of sudden, he moved so fast, very fast until Iris couldn’t see him. This was what Rei was very capable to do. This was the signature of his ability. 
In a blink of an eye, he was already in front of Iris and he pressed her body against the closed door behind her. He took both of her hands and held them above her head with only one hand, which made Iris falling into a panic state. 
"What do you think you are doing? Let me go! Let me go right now, or I will make you regret it!" 
Unfortunately, her threat didn’t work on Rei at all. You could see the craziness in his eyes and how desperate he was to prove it to her that she was wrong and Na was still there. 
Rei then proceeded to put his other hand over Iris’s chest, as if he was trying to feel her heartbeat, but at the same time, he touched her sensitive part of her body and this made Iris really mad. She struggled against him like crazy.
It was a pity that whatever she was doing, she wouldn’t be able to outpower him in strength. 
This was humiliation! Iris hated it to feel Rei’s hand over her chest! She felt violated and disgusted! She wanted to chop off his hands and gave them to the dogs! 
" Get away from me! You bastard! You fucking bastard!" Iris screamed on the top of her lungs. She hoped someone would be able to hear her. Lou and Eales should be nearby because she was sure, the two of them were right behind her. 
More so, Care shouldn’t be too far because she entered the house not long after him. 
" Impossible ..." Rei muttered to himself when he opened his eyes. "No way... this can’t be happening. She shouldn’t be able to do this... this didn’t make sense at all, where I went wrong? I am sure, this can’t happen," 
Rei shook his head, but the more he denied it, the darker his eyes became, as if his black magic had covered his sight completely. What was wrong with him? 
The more he denied it, the more glaring the evidence was that what Iris said was true. Na had gone. The fact hit him like a thunder and his grip on Iris’s wrists tightened, she felt like he was going to break her hands at this point. 
" Na is still here! She is still here! I have not yet seen her! I have done everything to keep you by my side, but you did this to yourself? Why?! Why?!" Rei was screaming to Iris’s face, as if it was her fault that Na’s soul had vanished. 
In that case, it was completely Na’s decision to dissapear from this realm, by fussing together with Iris. 
"There is no way she disappeared! I have done everything!" Rei had gone crazy! He didn’t care about anything anymore! 
He grabbed Iris by her shoulders and shook her body, until she felt her bones were rattled. She tried to stop him because she was afraid that it would hurt her babies. 
"How can you leave me like that after everything that I had done for you! After all the gears I have spent to wait for you!" 
"No! Stop!" Iris screamed at the top of her lungs at this point because she was scared to death for her babies. " I said stop! STOP!" 
And that was when Iris let out an outburst of her power that sent Rei hurled away across the room until his body hit the wall so hard, it left a deep dent there. 
But, that was also the time when Rei learned about her pregnancy. Through the burst of her power, he figured out that there were another power within her. 
Rei roared angrily when he realized it. 
" You are pregnant!" That was not a question, but a statement. He knew! 
Rei knew about her pregnancy. How could he know?! 
Out of instinct, Iris put her arms around her belly, her body turned defensive. Her blue eyes was ablazed with alert. She would do everything to protect her babies and her determination created a strong and powerful protection shield around her, purified the evilish thing around her, protecting her and the babies from black magic. 
Protecting them from Rei. 
Rei felt the power and it hurt him. He felt the pressure that pressed down his chest and burned his skin. This was the same feeling like when Iris stabbed him. 
He should have backed off, but his anger prevented him from thinking straight. He couldn’t careless about himself, as he charged forward. 
"How could you do this to me!?" Rei hollered on the top of his lungs. "How could you abandone me?!" Removed with so much difficulty, ignoring the fact his skin started peeling off and blood oozed out of his pores. His veins were protruding and the look on his face was menacing enough to send shiver down your spine. 
Iris gritted his teeth. She was trying so hard to keep up the protection around her, while Rei insisted to keep walking forward, despite the damage that had been caused by Iris’s power. His anger closed his logic and numbed the pain. 
" I waited for you! I have done the unthinkable because I want to keep you by my side! just like how we used to be!" 
Rei let out his pain and bled in every step he took. It left blood footprints, as he screamed out his misery. 
" I should have not let your mother to manipulate me! I shouldn’t have let your mother convinced me that she believed me! I shouldn’t have let her to make me believed her that she loved me!" 
Iris was startled when she heard what Rei said. She had never thought of her mother and the question about her origin, only came by passing. 
But after what Rei said, it revealed to her that he knew what happened to her mother and her origin. 
She was shocked, but she immediately regained her bearing and focus on how to protect herself and her babies. Her origin was not an important thing for her right now.she only wanted to get out of this situation safely with her babies. 
From the corner of her eyes, Lilac could see her little lights fluttered around her. Maybe it was only in her mind, but her two little lights looked distress, as if they were sensing what she felt at the moment. 
It could be true, since they were still inside her body, they must be able to understand her emotion too. They shared the same heartbeat. 
"It’s Okay babies, it’s okay. Mommy’s here. It’s Okay." Iris caressed her belly lightly, as if reassuring her babies. She wouldn’t let any harm befell upon her and her children. "It’s Okay. It’s Okay." 
Iris looked around her and she watched how everything started to fade away. The color from everything around her blurred, as if the protection around her had purified it, which meant everything that she saw right now was a lie. 
The black magic was weakened, it could be because of Iris’s power or it might be because Rei was wounded and every cells in his body that was made of black magic was being purified. 
Iris stared at his sorry state, but she didn’t feel an ounce of sorry at all. She wanted to see him died and if she could, she wanted to make the process as painful as possible and if caused her to turn dark, it would be worthy. 
There should be no one to threaten her and her babies, she would kill them without mercy! 
================================= 
Cane saw Aria, she looked so pale, as she cried pitifully. Her lips were quivering when she called his name. 
Cane entered this house because he saw someone but, as it turned out, it was Aria. She threw herself toward Cane, yet before she could reach him, he already moved away. 
The look of hurt in her eyes was apparent, but it didn’t touch Cane at all. 
"What have I done so wrong, Cane? Why did you hate me so much? Have you forgotten what we have gone through together? The pain of all those years of slavery still haunted me until today." 
Cane didn’t budge. He stared at her with a pair of callous eyes, as she recounted everything that happened, brought back all the memories from the past that he tried to forget. 
What she did right now only let Cane saw more dearly how Aria always tried to inflict pain on him in order to tie him down with the past, because she still lived there. 
"Cane, that woman hurt me. She hurt me, Cane." Aria whimpered. She looked pitiful like she always tried to appear in front of Cane. "She wanted to put discord between us. That woman is very evil! That woman wanted to take you away from me!" 
The more she talked, the closer she got to Cane, which brought her here, In front of the alpha, in the end of her speech , which sounded more like a wailing banshee. 
However, when she was about to hug him, he did something that the other person didn’t even see it Coming. 
Cane used his barehand to pierce through her chest where supposed to be her heart was, but apparently there was nothing there, which was not something that surprised Cane at all. 
"The person that you called as ’That woman’ is my mate." 
After saying that, Cane retracted his hand and he watched Aria’s figure dissappeared like a smoke, but in the place was standing another woman, which made the alpha’s heart filled with warm, but anger at the same time. 
Cane stared at Iris before him with cold eyes. It happened once in the past and it was so stupid if anyone, who had done it to think he would fall for it. 
He didn’t in the past, there was no way he would this time too. 
His mate looked beautiful like always. But no matter what, she wouldn’t be able to carry the air of calmness like low Iris did. 
"Cane..." Iris called his name. "Cane, why are you staring at me like that? Come here, I want to show you something. I am sure this can help to take down Red Claw pack. You need to come with me." Iris stretched out her hand, asking for Cane to come with her. 
Her voice was the same, it was very sickening. Cane wanted to cut her throat because she used his mate’s voice. 
Cane wanted to claw her beautiful face, because she used Iris’s face. And that was what he did. 
Cane was merciless when he took her hand and pulled her closer to him only for him to slash her throat and rip her beautiful face. The face that not belonged to her. How dare her to use her face and voice? 
A loud scream erupted and the wall of this room was painted in bloody color of red. 
Meanwhile upon seeing the horror before his eyes, the alpha didn’t even flinch, but his eyes were getting darker. 
No matter what, it was still hard to see his mate was being hurt. Even when he knew it was not Iris, but to see her crying in pain and pleading for his help, while he didn’t do anything was getting on his conscience. 
Cane knew there was something wrong the moment he entered this house. His meeting with Aria was the proof and then Iris. 
However, the next person that Cane met was someone that he didn’t think he would see again. 
This time, the woman didn’t try to approach him, instead she kept distance toward him., but her eyes filled with anger and sadness.
###Chapter 930: MANIPULATION AND THE TRUTH (3)
Chapter 930: MANIPULATION AND THE TRUTH (3)
"Leane..." The name escaped Cane’s lips. He didn’t think he would ever see her again. 
For a moment, he was startled. He even forgot the fact that everything he was seeing right now was not real. That the woman before his eyes was not his real destined mate. 
The look in her eyes. The way she bit her lip, how she tried not to cry and also how she didn’t even try to reach him like the other two impostors he had met, making everything about her felt surreal. 
Instead, Leane was trying to get away from him, she kept her distance from him. Her arms wrapped around her belly protectively and when Cane looked down he saw her pregnant belly, just like how the last time he saw her. 
She was as pregnant as her last moment before they slashed her stomach opened and took their son out of her. 
This sight, this memory, were still be his worse nightmare until now after the death of his daughters and Iris’s depression. 
He started to believe that the pregnancy of his mate was akin to a curse for him. Because everything went so wrong, so fast. If it was not for Amee and Iris, who convinced him maybe he would ask his mate to do the most horrendous thing and lris might never forgive him just like how he would never forgive himself... just like right now. 
" Why did you let them do this to me?" Leane asked, her voice was quivering. "Why didn’t you do anything to help me? Why did you let them take away our firstborn? Why didn’t you do something? Why?" 
Cane was lost for words, there was nothing he could say in front of Leane, even now he was still trying to deal with the guilty feeling he had in his heart. 
He was being thrown away by the guilt of his failure to protect them. That was not his fault. Cane was well aware of that, but sometime what you felt not always in sync with the logic you had. 
In his mind, he should be able to do something to protect them, to save their lives. If he didn’t do a certain thing, the result would be different and they might still live right now. 
If he did a certain thing, he might not lose them. If he was a little bit smarter and was well aware of his surroundings and could read the situation better, he might be... 
The word ’what if’ was killing him slowly. It was like a slow acting poison that corroded his logic and snatched him away from logic and reality. 
"How can you just watched and didn’t do anything, cane? Did our son and I mean nothing to you? How could you, Cane?" Leane took a step back, her hands over her belly, as a silent tear, rolled down her face. "You were there when they cut opened my stomach and killed me and our baby in the process." 
Of course, Cane knew about that, she remembered the event during the day and his nightmare would remind him if he started to forget. He kept the memory alive. 
Cane felt ill because by seeing Leane before his eyes, he felt like he was being in that moment again, lived in his worse memory and there was nothing he could do to change it, especially when blood started to stain Leane’s dress. 
The color of dark red oozed out of her stomach, as it under her beautiful white dress, her stomach was being cut opened again. 
"I saw you, Cane. I saw how happy you are with your new mate. I can see how ecstatic you are when you learned about the pregnancy..." Leane cried at this point, her whole body was trembling. " How can you forget about me and our baby? How can you forget about us?" 
================================== 
Rei stared at Iris with so much hatred in his eyes. He was kneeling down, breathing heavily. 
"How can you betray me? How can you run away from me after everything that I have done for you? Don’t you love me?" 
Iris felt disgusted by the look of him and what he said. She didn’t want to draw a conclusion so fast, but any idea that came to her mind, didn’t sound pleasant at all. 
" I have given you everything and I can give you the world..." 
At this point, it was unclear, whether Rei was talking to Na, or Iris’s mother, or he was talking to her. He didn’t look right, as if he turned crazy and he only went deeper and deeper, plunging into the darkness. 
Rei lifted his head and looked at Iris dead in her eyes. His skin was peeled off and you could see his flesh underneath. His black blood looked very thick, as if he was melted instead of bleeding. 
Iris’s surrounding faded away and then disappeared. There was no house here, but instead, they were inside a very gloomy hall with torches on the wall, illuminating the room. 
What was this? Was this an illusion? Or the one before? 
"What have you done to my mother?" Iris asked. " What did you do to her?" 
Iris took a cautious step closer toward him, she was curious about her origin and her mother’s story, but she wouldn’t let her curiosity harmed her and her babies. 
The little lights around her were the only thing that kept her mind sharp and beware of her surrounding. They gave her more light to scour this strange place. 
Rei tilted his head and a vicious smirk appeared on the corner of his lips. He didn’t even bother to hide his Craziness and his obsession toward Iris, Na. 
" I did everything to keep her by my side. I keep her soul alive, so I can find the right vessel for her. My precious, Serafim." 
Right at that time, Rei suddenly stood up as he tried to charge toward her, despite the fact it could end his long existence. 
Meanwhile, Iris narrowed her eyes, the look on her face hardened, as if she readied herself for the face off, but suddenly Elder Dandolf appeared and he pulled Rei away before he destroyed himself and let his anger and devastation consumed him further. 
"You need to stop this." Elder Dandolf put a distance between him and Iris, while still tried to hold Rei back from his intention for a self destruction. 
Iris scoffed when she heard that. "Stop this?" She glared at the elder. "Do you really blind? Can’t you see that he was the one, who created this whole mess?" 
Elder Dandolf didn’t answer Iris’s question, because he was having a hard time to stop Rei from coming after Iris. 
"You don’t know what kind of sacrifice he had done to look for you. You don’t know his pain," Elder Dandolf said in a deep and stern voice, but Iris didn’t care about that. 
"Do you want to say that he had gone through a lot of trouble to get what he wanted? Even though he had to sacrifice someone else?" 
Elder Dandolf gritted his teeth. " Only if you knew what he had to endure..." 
"I am sure that I will hate him more than this if I knew more about what he had done." Iris ended his sentence. " Where am I? What actually is happening right now?" Iris demanded an answer from Elder Dandolf, while Rei was writhing in pain. It seemed, the agony just registered in his mind. 
However, in Iris’s eyes, all she could see was a way to hurt him. He was made of black magic and at this point, Iris could purify him and ended his life like what she had done toward Aria. 
Basically, the two of them were the same. She was contemplated of a way how to grot to Res and finished him off. 
Iris wouldn’t take a risk to endanger her children in the future when Rei Would be a great threat for them. 
But, what Elder Dandolf told her next, shocked her completely. 
"Do you even know who is your fathe?" Elder Dandolf asked a retorical question, but before he could talk more than this, Rei had vanished from Iris’s sigh along with Elder Dandolf. 
From the look of it, Rei had used his remaining power to prevent Elder Dandolf from revealing the truth. He was only an inch away from giving out an idea toward Iris about what kind of event that happened surrounding her birth and origin. 
Without the two of them, Iris was alone in this empty main hall. She looked around her and felt this strong black magic came from a certain direction. 
=========================== 
Cane stared at the miasma that kept fuming red smoke from the gap on the ground. The fissure was bigger than any poisonous miasma he had ever encountered while Leane was standing there, basking in the poisonous smoke, looking very pregnant. 
" If you really care about me and our baby, then you will come with us without any hesitation." Leane looked at him bitterly. " I see. You chose her. I am right when I said that you have forgotten about me. I am right that you don’t even want to see me." 
Cane didn’t budge from his position. He could bring himself to kill Aria and Itis without hesitation because he was sure, they were the impostors. 
But Cane couldn’t bring himself to do the same toward Leane, even when he knew she was not real. Maybe deed down, he was being reminded of his foolish pray during the slavery, when he prayed so hard to meet with her just for one more time.only for once. 
Yet, everytime he saw her in his dream, it would be when those bastards opened her stomach to get his son out of her belly and the only word he could say was him pleading with them to stop. Their sickening laugh and gut wrenching cry from Leane, calling his name over and over again. 
"Come here, Cane. Come with me and our firstborn. Come with us. I know this life is so hard on you. Just let it go and come with me. Everything would be fine and easier." Leane stretched out her hand, asking Cane to take her hand and came with her. "There will be no more pain." 
No more pain. was that even possible? But, the idea was very enticing. 
Cane took a step closer and then another step to reach Leanne’s han, but before she could grab her offer, someone had hugged him from behind. 
Cane was startled, but when he turned around, he saw lois was hugging him so fightbly, her curls were messy and he frowned. 
Was this another ilussion? 
However somehow, when Iris lifted her head and looked at him with a pair of blue eyes that he was very fond of, he knew almost immediately that it was his mate. 
"What are you doing!?" Iris was screaming at him, she looked so scared. "What do you think you are doing?" 
"What?" Cane still didn’t realize what Iris was talking about until he turned his head toward the direction of Leane and the poisonous miasma. Only then he knew that if Iris didn’t stop him in time, he was realy going to kill himself. 
Meanwhile, Leane was no longer there. 
Instead, he found himself was standing in front of a burning fire. The flames licked his skin, it was really crazy that he didn’t feel anything until now. 
The red smoke that he thought came from poisonous miasma was actually came from the flames. 
Out of instinct, Cane immediately scooped Iris’s body into his arms and carried her away from the flames. "What happened here?" Cane put her down in a safe place and then looked around. 
"Manipulation. Rei used manipulation on us." Iris was still clinging onto Cane. She was afraid, she was going to lose him if she let go. 
Cane narrowed his eyes. "Where are they? What actually is happening?"
###Chapter 931: MANIPULATION AND THE TRUTH (4)
Chapter 931: MANIPULATION AND THE TRUTH (4)
After Rei had taken away Elder Dandolf before he could give any information about what happened to her mother, Iris was left inside this empty hall, where she felt a strong black magic from a certain direction. 
She didn’t have any idea where she was right now, but her instinct told her there was a massive mishap somewhere. Rei managed to manipulate the situation, yet was it really only her? 
Where was Cane? He was supposed to be here. 
She was not inside the abandon house and now she wondered whether that house was really existed in the first place. 
Her little lights fluttered around her. One of them rested on her shoulder and then moved slowly, while the other was spinning above her head. 
Iris raised her hand and the little light perched on her finger. "It’s okay, baby. It’s okay." She smiled softly, but there was this nagging feeling in her heart that told her to find the source of the black magic she felt right now. 
Iris looked around her. She was not sure where the exit was, whether how she could get here, thus she followed the only guide she had; the black magic, which led her to go through a dark tunnel. 
Having locked inside the dark attic very often, Iris developed this fear of a dark place, but her little lights shone the path for her and there was one more thing that she noticed; despite she was being alone, she didn’t feel scare at all. 
Technically, she was not alone, she had her babies with her, who would always accompany her. 
"Do you want to go there?" Iris talked in soft voice. "Okay, let’s go." 
The tunnel was dark, but her little lights made it easy for her, even the lazy one was trying to keep up with the other light. They were already as big as her thumb right now and started to shape. 
This tunnel was very long, it seemed this was located under the ground, because Iris had to exert an effort, since the ground started to go uphill in some part. 
But, when she finally saw the light in the end of this tunnel and emerged from there, she saw something that made her heart dropped to her stomach. 
Iris had never been in the Red Claw pack’s magic stone mine before, but she was sure this was the place, because she could feel that she was surrounded by countless fire magic stone. She didn’t feel it earlier because of the ominous feeling she felt that came from the black magic, but when she was literally standing on top of thousand magic stone, the feeling became palpable. 
However, that was not Iris’s main concern right now, since she saw Cane was standing on the edge of a cliff, he was ready to jump. He walked slowly toward the edge and there was no sign he was going to stop. 
"Cane!" Iris called him on the top of her lungs and started to run toward her mate. "Cane! Stop! What are you doing?!" 
To her horror, Cane didn’t look like he was hearing her voice at all. He kept going and Iris felt like her heart dropped to her stomach when Cane was only two steps away from falling. 
She didn’t know how high this cliff was, but from the wind that was howling around her, she knew the altitude of this place would make you met your demise once you fell. 
"CANE!" 
Iris ran as fast as she could, her heart was beating painfully and her lungs demanded more air, yet Iris didn’t heed her body’s scream for her to slow down, instead she ran faster. Tears started welling up in her eyes when she was thinking the worse, where she was being very late. 
There was no time to think and when she finally could reach him, Iris hugged him from behind. Her touch purified the black magic that controlled Cane. How was he able to be controlled by the dark magic when the lycan was with him? 
However, Iris didn’t have time for the question. She only wanted to drag her mate to a safe place. 
"Iris?" Cane’s voice was hoarse, but it managed to soothe her anxiety and a moment later, he had carried her in his arms and took both of them to a safe place. He looked confused, but his grip on her body was very firm. 
He looked around and it seemed, only now it registered to his mind what he was going to do if Iris didn’t stop him in time. 
"What happened, Cane? What did you see?" Iris asked with concern in her voice, because she could feel how his body was currently trembling, not because with the fact he almost jumped off the cliff, but something else. Iris could tell that. 
"Nothing." Cane’s response was very curt and he didn’t give any room for Iris to ask further. "Where are they? What actually is happening?" 
He led thousands of forces to enter the Red Claw pack, but right now, they were already in their territory, but there was no one else here aside from the two of them. 
It reminded Cane of the spies that mysteriously disappeared without any trace. 
"I am not sure," Iris said in small voice and then started to recall her encounter with Rei and the grip on her body became more protective. "Where do you think we are, Cane? I can feel a lot of magic stone here. Are we in the magic stone’s mines?" 
"Yes." Cane had been here before, though he was sure this was their mines, but a lot of things had changed here. 
"We need to go to find them," Iris said hastily, she was worried about the other people and how they were right now. She couldn’t imagine if the people that dear to her went through the same thing like Cane and there was no one to stop them from jumping. 
"Can you find them like how you found me?" 
"I will try." 
Cane kissed her forehead, but his protective arm around her waist didn’t move an inch. He was being very alert toward his surroundings and any potential danger, even Iris could feel how his body was very tense. 
"Cane, are you sure, you are okay?" 
"I am." 
Iris then didn’t pry further and then pointed her finger at a certain direction where she felt the black magic and both of them started to walk away. 
But, Cane turned his head and looked over his shoulder to a spot where Leane was standing only a few minutes ago. The woman that he prayed he could meet with her once again... 
They were indeed inside the Red Claw pack, not only that, they were already in their magic stone mines. 
"How can you find me?" Cane asked Iris when they walked together, the sky had turned red and the sun was almost set. The alpha was on high alert. His hand on her waist tightened, which made Iris frowned. 
"I felt the black magic from you," Iris replied with honesty, as she tilted her head and looked at him. "What are you thinking?" 
"Nothing." Once again, Cane denied to explanation what he actually felt. 
"Cane?" 
"Hm?" 
"You hurt me," Iris said. The way he held her made Iris grimaced. 
"I am sorry," Cane said. He loosened up a little bit, but Iris could tell he was very tensed. He lost his calmness and this was very rare to see him like this. 
"When do you think Rei put black magic on us?" Iris asked to distract Cane’s mind from whatever bothering problem he was thinking right now. 
"I am not sure," Cane replied, but Iris could tell that his mind was not on the topic. He didn’t even try to think about the answer. 
And once again, Cane’s hold hurt her, but this time, she didn’t complain. She endured it because of how anxious her mate was. 
Soon after, they found Lou and Zale, the two of them were fighting against each other and Cane told Iris to back away first before he shifted into his beast and tackled them down, so it was safe for her to come closer and purify the black magic that controlled them. 
"Dang it!" Lou grumbled. "I thought I fought Marcus and he turned into an ugly dog!" 
Zale glared at him, the young boy just shifted into his human form and sustained a few injuries because of Lou’s magic. 
"Who is Marcus?" Iris asked with curiosity, but Lou simply waved his hand and said that was no one important. 
Meanwhile, Zale said that he went through the time when he had to fight a monster to save his little sister and himself when they looked for something to eat in the mountain, which meant, it saved to say the three of them went through an agitated memory in their lives. Iris wondered what Cane had seen? 
Not long after, they found Cedric and Cezi, where they told Iris that they experienced the same illusion, recalled the moment they didn’t want to remember anymore. 
Meanwhile, Iris told them about Rei and Elder Dandolf, telling them the important thing only and left out the fact about her origin that tangled with the Holy Kingdom. 
"I should have killed him!" Lou grumbled. "How could he be one of your protectors when he always put you in danger? He is a danger itself!" 
Cedric went silent, while Zale chimed in and both of them cursed at Rei. At the very least, the two of them were on the same page when it came to hate that man. 
All of sudden Cane stopped walking. 
"What is it, Cane?" Iris asked, she looked at her mate, who didn’t look like himself right now. 
"This place is very vast." Cane looked up, the sky had turned dark. He was less anxious compared to when Iris found him the first time. "You need to get us out of here," he said to Lou. 
"How?" Lou frowned. "I spent all of the magic stone with me and we need to find more magic stone if you wanted me to create a portal." Lou could read what Cane intended to say. 
"But, we are in the magic stone’s mines, aren’t we?" Zale chimed in. 
"This is fire magic stone," Cezi replied, he then told him about how rare the fire magic stone that was why its price was higher than water and earth magic stone. 
"Oh, I can find it," Iris said and she immediately went to find one. 
"She can?" Cezi asked incredulously, he was even more shocked when Iris indeed found five fire magic stones with ease. He looked at her with eyes that filled with amazement. 
"Of course, she can!" Zale said proudly, even though he didn’t know about this before. 
Once they had gotten enough the magic stones, Lou created a portal that would bring them back to outside of the pack, where their forces were, but when they stepped out of the portal, they witnessed something that could make your heart dropped and fear crawled under your skin, because the moment they returned, the first thing they saw was countless cocoons on the ground and spider devils that was in the middle of their work to turn them into the food for their spiderlings. 
This was the first time for them to really see the spider devils, which was as big as an old oak tree. There were twelve... fourteen... twenty of them. 
Lou was having a hard time to deal with this sight. 
"I hate spider!" He trembled and then hid behind Cane and Iris. "You... you deal with them!" 
They were too shock to move, the warriors didn’t seem to realize of what was going on too, but they snapped back to reality when they watched how one of the spiders put something into Hana’s mouth. 
"No!" Iris was about to rush toward Hanna when Cane stopped her and pulled her back. 
"Don’t worry! I will stay with her, you can go and fight them all!" Lou reassured Cane that he would protect Iris. "Just leave her with me! Go Cane! Kill them all!" 
Lou shut up when Cane glared at him before he shifted into his beast, so did Cezi. Cedric unsheathed his sword too to charge forward, while Zale stayed with Lou and Iris. 
"Why don’t you go with them?" Lou frowned at him. 
"Why don’t you go with them?" Zale asked him back brazenly. "I am still little to fight." He took the position in front of Iris, protecting her from the attack from the front. 
They watched as Cane and Cezi worked together to save Hanna from the spider devil and Cedric carried her back to Iris, while Lou created a protection shield around them. 
Cane used the black wisp to cut the spider devil into half. 
"Hanna..." Iris whimpered, as she tried to heal her and killed the spiderlings that had been put into her body. She gritted her teeth and purified the black magic from her. 
"Did you see Abby?" Cedric asked out of frustration. Some of the warriors had been folded into cocoon and some of them were on the way to end in the same fate. 
And now with Cane and Cezi’s interference, the chaos was about to break loose. 
"I didn’t even see any of your kind," Lou replied with a snarky remark. But, because of his comment, they just realized this fact. 
"Right, where are the people from the Holy Kingdom?" 
"I wish they are already being fed to the spiderlings," Lou prayed he was right. 
Iris didn’t follow with their conversation, she focused on Hanna. She couldn’t lose her, though she was afraid to think where the rest of them were. Aliana, Amee, Jace, Ethan... her five warriors. She tried to focus on Hanna for the meantime, because the thought of losing them all alone, drove her insane. 
Meanwhile, Cane let out the lycan to deal with the spider devils. Lu was having a great time to lash out his power on these monsters, using his black wisp and cut them into half. Let the black blood stained the ground, while the moon shone brightly above them. 
However, among this confusion, the ground started shaking. Iris felt this ominous feeling again. Rei was here, so did Decratic.
###Chapter 932: RACING WITH TIME
Chapter 932: RACING WITH TIME
This ominous feeling that Iris felt came like a broken dam, which made her stood up and stared at a certain direction. She narrowed her eyes, while Hanna started to regain her consciousness. 
From the corner of her eyes, Iris could see how her two little lights fluttered in the air, both of them were very active, as if they could feel her anxiety. 
Thanked to the fire magic stones that Iris found, Lou could sustain the protection shield around them. The shield was very strong, it could protect them from the attack of the spider devil, while Lu and Cezi dealt with them. 
"What is it?" Lou asked, he saw the look of worry in her expression. 
On the other hand, Hanna opened her eyes and started coughing blood. Iris immediately helped her to alleviate the pain. She caressed her back and from her palm, you could see white light that seeped through her body. 
"Are you, okay?" Iris asked. 
Hanna looked a little bit disoriented. "Wh- where are we?" she asked with hoarse voice and then looked around her. "Where is Will? Where is he?" 
Iris couldn’t answer the question and this made Hanna fell into panic. She tried to stand up, but Iris stopped her. "We will find him." 
However, the word didn’t convince Hanna, because she already saw her surroundings and knew the gist of the situation. "Is... Will inside one of those?" Her whole body was trembling and craziness flickered in her eyes to think Will was within inside one of those eerie cocoons. 
"We will find him," Iris reassured her, but Hanna had pushed her away and rushed out of the protection shield, where she immediately shifted into her beast and started to look for Will. 
"Hanna!" Iris screamed when one of the spider devils caught her movement and started to take interest in her. 
Meanwhile, Lou and Cezi were overwhelmed. They were greatly outnumbered, though with the power that the lycan held, they could make the situation even. 
"Don’t go out!" Lou immediately grabbed Iris’s arm, preventing her from going after Hanna, while Zale tried to stop her too. 
"I will go and get her!" Cedric said, he unsheathed his sword and rushed after Hanna’s beast, but everyone knew that the knight wouldn’t be able to get Hanna back. She wouldn’t be willing to go with him, until she found Will. 
"This will not do!" Iris gritted her teeth in frustration. She felt this ominous feeling getting closer and whatever she was doing right now, would be a futile attempt if they had to face Rei and Decratic at the same time. 
But, the question was; would they work together? What about the people from the Holy Kingdom? 
And as if answering her question, Zale tugged at her dress and pointed his finger at a certain direction. "There! Luna! The people from the Holy Kingdom!" he said in delightful tone, thinking that their back up was already here, but Iris didn’t feel the same. 
There was something completely wrong with this whole situation, but she couldn’t pinpoint when did this exactly happen. 
The appearance of the people from the Holy Kingdom couldn’t be said as their advantage, especially when she could feel Rei was among them. His presence was reeked with black magic, which made it hard to ignore. 
"Did you feel Rei is among them?" Lou asked, he stood behind Iris, while Zale looked at both of them and then realized, it was wrong to be happy with the presence of the Holy Kingdom’s people. 
"Yes." 
The people from the Holy Kingdom stood at the far distance, away from the chaos that was created with the fight between the lycan and the spider devils. They didn’t move and there was no sign that could indicate that they were going to help them or something. 
"We should have poisoned those people when we have a chance," Lou was seething. He glared at a bunch of the knights and magic users from the Holy Kingdom. 
The three of them were protected within Lou’s protection spell, while out there, Lu managed to kill ten of the spider devils, while Cezi barely managed to take down one and Hanna moved very fast among the spider devils to find Will with Cedric followed behind her. 
"Wait," Iris said, she narrowed her eyes. She could feel there was something not right with the situation with the people from the Holy Kingdom. 
"What is it?" Lou tilted his head to look at Iris’s expression. 
"I think they are under the spell..." Iris said hesitantly. She was not sure with this, but if you looked at their eyes closely, you would know that they were empty. "I think... they are under the influence of black magic." 
"Does that change anything?" Lou didn’t like these people, thus whether they were under the influence of black magic or not, it was the same in his eyes. 
Iris thought about it for a while. She looked around her, but couldn’t find anyone else. She knew Decratic was nearby, but his forces or even himself couldn’t be seen. He must have been hiding somewhere. Where was he? 
"Yes." Iris gritted her teeth. She then shifted her attention back to the lycan, who managed to take down two more spider devils. These monsters were under the influence of black magic too, that was why, the lycan couldn’t control them and neither Lu nor Cane wanted her to risk herself by coming closer to them to purify the black magic. They were going to kill them all instead. 
Iris watched how everything unfolded before her eyes and observed the situation. She noticed how the black magic around her increased, to the point, she couldn’t even pinpoint the direction of it, since it was literally everywhere. 
She was not only surrounded by the black magic, but also drowned in it. Her two little lights didn’t move as active as usual. They looked like they were hiding inside her curls. The thickness of the black magic in the air must be very strong, which this affected them.
Iris worried something bad would happen to her babies, thus she summoned the Sylph to strengthen the protection around them. The air spirit engulfed them with divine protection, which looked like a flimsy, transparent membrane. 
Five minutes later, Lu managed to take down five spider devils and when the number down to only one spider devil, Iris stepped out of the protection shield and started to reach the closer cocoon and use the black wisp to slash it, so she could retract the person inside. 
"Get them out of the cocoon and take them to me!" Iris ordered Lou and Zale. She needed to kill the spiderlings that had been put inside of them. The cocoon just made, thus the people inside was still alive and the spiderlings had not yet caused any irreversible damage on them. 
Lou and Zale started to work on it. 
"Should we save him too?" Lou got bad luck when he opened the cocoon and got Koda instead. "I waste my energy." 
"Bring him here," Iris said. 
"You are not serious, right? Why would you want to save him?" Lou grumbled, but he knew Iris wouldn’t abandon this old thing. It would weigh on her conscience. Therefore, lazily Lou dragged Koda’s body to Iris, leaving the man sustained a few wounds on his back because of the sharp stone that scratched his skin. 
Not long after, Cedric returned. The knight was carrying Abby’s body, he asked Iris to save Abby. Hanna managed to find her, but she still couldn’t find Will. 
"Please, save her," Cedric said. Abby looked very pale, she started showing and Iris prayed it wouldn’t affect the baby at all. 
Thankfully, it didn’t. Abby and the baby would be fine. 
But, Iris wondered how Cedric was still very much loyal to Abby even when she had touched him and technically speaking, he was one of her protectors. Not like Lou, Zale and Rei, whom very drawn on her, Cedric didn’t seem to have the same inclination. 
However, the question could wait for another time, because right now, Iris had to focus on saving as many people as possible. 
"Help me to get them out of the cocoon, okay?" Iris said to the lycan beast when he was done taking care of all the monsters and approached her, nuzzled her neck, asking to be praised, only to end up with another task. 
Lu snorted in his beast form, he turned around, giving his back, sulking. 
Lou, who saw this scrunched his nose. If he was not afraid of this lycan, he would have talked something offensive, but unfortunately, he knew better not to be the source of the lycan’s wrath. 
"Please, Lu?" Iris said, she softened her voice and kissed his snout. "I can’t do it in time without you." 
The beast’s red eyes flickered, Lu glanced at her, it seemed the word pleased him, but he wanted more. He was being greedy right now. He didn’t care about those people’s lives. 
"I need you," Iris said and caressed his head. 
Meanwhile, Lou and Zale scowled. 
"Where is the alpha?" Zale asked. He didn’t have problem with the lycan, but sometime, this cursed creature only brought more headache to the luna. 
"Yeah, I have the same question too." 
And as if Cane could hear the complain, before Iris could kiss the lycan, he had shifted into his human form, right in time to receive a kiss from his mate, which startled Iris too. 
"C- Cane?" Iris stuttered. 
"Were you startled when you kissed your mate?" 
Iris couldn’t tell whether Cane was teasing her or he was genuinely upset because he was about to kiss Lu. 
But, before she could get the answer, Cane had stood up and by using the black wisp, he slashed the cocoon that engulfed the warriors’ body. 
"I can only help you to this point," Cane said. He could get them out of the cocoon, but he couldn’t cleanse them from the spiderlings that had been inserted inside them. 
"You have helped enough." Iris stood up and tiptoed to kiss his cheek. 
"Can’t you stop to kiss each other? There is a little boy here. It’s not an appropriate sight to see, you know." They were in critical condition, but the two of them didn’t fail to show their affection. 
Iris’s face turned slightly red, but Cane didn’t care. He worked on taking out his people from the vicious cocoon. 
Soon after, Hanna and Cedric returned, this time, they came with Will. The man was unconscious, but his body had turned red. He must have stayed inside the cocoon long enough, because Iris didn’t see this symptom on the other people she had saved. 
And when Iris checked on him, the spiderlings had grown, these little spiders had eaten his flesh from inside, which caused his organs bleeding from inside. 
"What happened?" Hanna asked, she was very anxious. She couldn’t find him quick enough and if something happened to him, she would blame herself for her incompetence. 
"He will be fine," Iris reassured her, while trying to stop the internal bleeding and kill the spiderlings without hurting Will further. 
With this, Iris realized one thing; she was racing against time. It didn’t matter whether they managed to kill all the spider devils, because right now, the spiderlings would kill these people without mercy if she was late. 
Iris looked around her. She felt her heart dropped to her stomach when she saw there were thousand of cocoon, which meant, these thousand of warriors waited for her to rescue them, or else, they would meet their demise. 
But, more importantly, would she be able to save them all? Would her power be enough? She was not going to put herself and her babies at risk, but... 
They had not yet found Jace, Ethan, Aliana... and many more, the people that dear to Iris. 
Meanwhile, the presence of Decratic and Rei became stronger and a poisonous miasma appeared!
###Chapter 933: TACIT UNDERSTANDING BETWEEN THEM
Chapter 933: TACIT UNDERSTANDING BETWEEN THEM
Iris dreaded the thought that she was going to lose the people she loved. People, who were close to her. She lifted her head and watched the vast land, where she found thousand of cocoons with the color of white, under the bright light of the sun, the cocoons glimmered like the surface of the frozen lake. 
This feeling made Iris swallowed so hard. She gritted her teeth because she was afraid of the worse. Would she have enough time to save them all? Would she be able to find Aliana, Ethan, Jace, Amee, Joel, Redmond and many more... 
She felt like she was about to cry when Cane grabbed her hand. 
"Iris. Iris." Cane had to call her name a few times before he could get to her and he got her attention. "How do you know the position of the spiderlings?" He was still holding Iris’s hand, while she looked at him with helplessness in her beautiful blue eyes. He didn’t like the sight of this, as if she lost her hope. 
"Wh- what? What do you want to know?" Iris confused. 
"Just explained to me," Cane said. 
Iris didn’t know what he meant with that, but she complied and started to explain how she was able to pinpoint the spiderlings within the shifter’s body. 
The spiderlings were infused by black magic and there were three to ten spiderlings inside one body, which determined how long one shifter could survive. 
In Will’s case, there were around seven spiderlings, which was one of the reasons why he was in critical condition right now. 
Iris was able to see the spiderlings because of the black magic within them, it almost felt like she saw the shard of black magic within Cane’s body when Aria tried to curse him in the past. It was the same like that. 
"Do you mean like this black dot on his red skin?" Cezi asked suddenly. 
"What red skin?" Hanna asked. 
That was the same question that Cane had when Cezi said Will’s skin had turned red, but in his eyes, his warrior was as pale as snow. How he could say something strange? 
"No, the color of his skin is red," Lou and Zale said, which only confused Hanna even more. 
"No, can’t you see he is so pale," she retorted, which made Iris frowned. How could Hanna see something different from them. 
"No, this is red. His skin is red," Cedric chimed in. 
Hanna looked frustrated. She knew what she was seeing and she couldn’t understand why they saw it differently? 
"Alpha, what color of Will’s skin?" Hanna looked at Cane because he was the only one, who had not yet said what he was seeing. 
After that, all eyes were on the alpha and they were shocked when they heard his answer. 
"His skin is pale." 
"What?" Iris frowned so hard. "How can you say that? This is..." 
"You and your protectors saw thing differently from us, Iris," Cane concluded, he cut her word and this was the only explanation that made sense for their current situation. 
Even Zale, Lou and Cedric confirmed that they could see the black dot on Will’s body, around his chest, but they didn’t think much about it and probably they wouldn’t even notice the difference of the way they saw it if it was not for Cezi, who asked Cane and the alpha thought thing thoroughly and drew an amazing conclusion. 
"But, I am not," Cezi said, reminded them that he was not one of Iris’s protectors. 
This time, everyone looked at him and it was Lou, who jumped on him and ripped his clothes off. Cezi didn’t see it coming and didn’t have a chance to dodge, thus in the next second, his body was exposed and Lou turned him around to see his back. 
"No! No way! I don’t want this!" Lou wailed, he looked extremely upset when he saw the birthmark on Cezi’s back. "This is not possible! This must be fake!" 
Iris looked surprised, but Cane seemed to have expected this ever since he saw Cezi with the other Iris’s protectors. 
Even Cezi himself didn’t expect this. 
"I didn’t know I have a birthmark," Cezi said, he was sure that he didn’t have the birthmark on his back, but this was the same case like with Cedric. The two of them didn’t have it in the beginning, but right now their mark had been touched without them even knowing it. 
However, Cane immediately controlled the situation, where he told them about his theory. If he was right, the other people could help Iris to cleanse the warriors from the spiderlings within their body, while Cane would take them out of the cocoon, with this, they could work four times faster. 
But... 
If Cane’s theory was proven worked. If his conclusion was right. If Cane really could read the way Iris’s divine power worked on her protectors. 
"Let’s try," Cedric said. He listened carefully and drew a conclusion that he was willing to give it a try. 
Of course, they didn’t try it on Will. Having this hope again, Iris started to work on Will and they watched closely. 
In Cane and Hanna’s eyes, there was nothing different. They could only see the white light from Iris’s palm, but aside from that, there was nothing else. 
However, it was different with the other four people with them. Lou, Zale, Cedric and Cezi watched how the black dots disappeared and Will’s skin turned pale like how Hanna described him. 
Earlier, all of them were too panic to notice this. 
Cedric failed in his first attempt, but Lou could do it without problem, since he was very familiar with magic. 
"This is a piece of cake!" Lou said smugly. "Everyone, follow my instruction!" He took the lead to teach them and this made Iris wanted laugh and kicked the merchant’s leg because of his cockiness. 
However, Iris couldn’t deny the feeling of relief that she felt. 
"Don’t go." Cane grabbed Iris’s hand when she was about to go to the next person. "Summon the Sylph again and this will help them faster." Cane seemed to have a better understanding of Iris’s power than herself. 
"But, I need to help them." 
"No. Summon the Sylph, you will be able to help Zale and Cezi to get a better understanding with magic." The air spirit could enhance your power, thus it would help with the two shifters, while Cedric managed to get a hang of his newly found power after the third attempts, since he was not strange with magic. 
Iris wanted to retort that she could summon the Sylph and helped as well, but the look on Cane’s face made her swallowed back her protest. 
She then did what she was told and right at that time, Abby regained her consciousness, so did Will, but the latter looked very weak. 
Hanna immediately hugged him, tears streamed down her face because she was very afraid that she was going to lose him. The thought about it alone dreaded her so much. 
Hanna had looked for him with a slight luck she could find him among these thousands of cocoons. She realized a way to find Will when she sniffed one of the cocoons and she could smell the scent from the person inside of it. 
The scent was very faint, but needless to say, it was still there and Hanna only hang onto that small hope and miracle. 
"Are you, okay?" Cedric asked Abby, who was still disoriented. She looked fine, only a little bit tired and out of energy. 
Meanwhile, Cane pulled Iris aside and pointed his finger at the group of the people from the Holy Kingdom. 
"Can you feel Rei from here?" Cane asked. 
"Yes." Iris thought the people from the Holy Kingdom would charge toward them and attack them under the influence, but as it turned out, they only stood there in the same place, since the first time they were here. Iris was not sure whether she had to be grateful for this or not. "How do you know that?" 
Cane narrowed his eyes, his gaze fixed on them. "Can you feel Decratic too?" 
"Yes." Iris looked at Cane with surprise. "How do you know about that?" 
Cane stretched out his hand and caressed her cheek. "Because you kept staring at both directions, love." He gritted his teeth. Their situation was not good and no matter what, they were going to have this battle sooner or later. 
"Cane," Iris called his name and Cane hugged her, as he kissed her forehead. "The babies are moving..." She took his hand and put it on top of her belly, as they could feel the babies’ first move. 
This should be the happiest moment for both of them, but along with it there was bitterness in their eyes. 
"Everything will fine, right?" Iris said. The babies were still moving and Cane stared at her belly with a deep gaze. "Even if it’s not, I will always be with you." Iris tiptoed and kissed his chin. "We will go through this together." 
Whether they were going to have victory, or they had to endure the worst, they were going through it together. 
"Everything will be fine. We don’t know about it yet," Cane said. He hugged her a little bit tighter. 
"I think it’s time for us to go?" 
"Yes." Cane then shifted into his beast and Iris climbed on his back. 
It seemed there was a tacit understanding between the two of them as they thought the same thing without even saying it.
###Chapter 934: IT’S COMING...
Chapter 934: IT’S COMING...
There was this tacit understanding between them when they were thinking as one and moved accordingly. 
On the beast’s back, Iris created protection around her and Cane. So, he wouldn’t be affected by the poisonous miasma, while Lou and Abby created their own shield to protect Cezi, Cedric and Zale, as they worked on their newly found ability. 
It felt so strange for them, but at the same time, it almost felt like they had done this before and only needed a little bit guidance to get it done, especially when Iris had summoned the Sylph, which made it easier for them to tune to their ability, since they had the same divine power from Iris. 
Meanwhile, on the beast’s back, Iris felt comfortable hugging the beast’s neck, its black fur was so soft, it tickled her cheeks, as she buried her face against it. From the corner of her eyes, she saw her little lights rested on the beast’s ears. 
They looked so cute. From here, they looked like they were nipping on the beast’s ears. Iris felt at ease, despite the fact that they were going to have a confrontation against Rei, while Decratic’s exact whereabout was still unknown. 
However, when they reached the people from the Holy Kingdom, it was Elder Dandolf, Elder Xarex and Elder Rose, who stopped them. They didn’t look like they were under the influence, but the troubled look on their faces alerted them. 
It was Elder Dandolf, who stepped forward and talked with Iris. 
"Luna Iris, Rei is injured badly. Please, have a mercy on him. After all, he is one of your protectors," Elder Dandolf said. He bowed his head politely. "There is an explanation for his action. We did this for your own good, luna." 
"By manipulating me and put my people in danger?" Iris talked about the warriors. They talked about explanation when they let the spider devils devoured the shifters and the people on their side, leaving only the people from the Holy Kingdom that was left untouched. 
What a hypocrite bastard he was to say they did this for her own good. 
"There is an explanation for it," Elder Dandolf said. From behind him, a few people, around twenty of them moved closer and Iris recognized them as part of the pure faction. 
Meanwhile, Elder Xarex and Elder Rose didn’t do anything. They didn’t say a word and what made Iris narrowed her eyes was the fact Elder Rose avoided her eyes. 
This showed that the two elders didn’t seem to agree with whatever the pure faction had decided, but then from the look of it and from what they learned from Abby, the pure faction had so much control over the Holy Kingdom’s people. 
They were the real power and Rei was the person, who moved the Holy Kingdom from behind the scene. 
"Rei didn’t mean to hurt you. You need to understand that he had gone through so much, he had gone through so many things that you might never imagine even in your nightmare. He had been waiting for you for over five centuries and..." 
Elder Dandolf had not yet finished with his speech when the black beast charged forward, using his black wisp to clear the way for him and his mate, sending those people from the Holy Kingdom away from his path. 
Neither Cane nor Iris had time to listen to Elder Dandolf’s speech. They had heard the same thing over and over again in the past and now, even though they didn’t want it, they had remembered the word by heart. 
They only repeated the same thing over and over again, which was very annoying. 
Instead, they rushed over and knocked them down. Thankfully, it was Cane that they were facing, if it was Lu, they would have been cut into half just like the spider devils. 
However, what they saw next made the beast halted and Iris gasped in shock to watch Rei’s current condition. 
"Wh- what is that?" Iris stuttered. She got off the beast’s back and Cane shifted back into his human form. 
Right before them, they could see how Rei was sitting against a tree and spider devils surrounded them. At least, there were eight spiders around him, while Rei looked very lethargic. The wound that he got from Iris were still there. 
He looked gaunt and his skin looked paler than anything that Iris had ever seen. If it was not for the conflict between them, she would feel very sorry for him. 
Based on her nature, Iris would have rushed toward him and cured him. 
However, at this point, no matter how he looked like, she didn’t feel an ounce of pity. She wanted him to die. If it was possible, she wanted him to die in the most horrendous way. Would this make her heart turned black? Because she felt so much hatred for this man, since he was dare enough to threaten her and her babies. 
Rei lifted his head, he was breathing heavily, his green eyes looked very hollow. He was so weak and Iris could feel that. 
"Na..." Rei breathed the name and his voice filled with longing, which made Cane lashed out a black wisp toward him in attempt to kill him. 
However, before the black wisp could reach and harm Rei, a spider devil had jumped in front of the attack and sacrificed themselves. Its body was cut into two and blue blood pooled on the ground. 
The other seven spider devils looked restless, they were going to attack Cane, but it seemed there was something that held them back, or maybe it was safe to say that there was someone, who tried to hold them back. 
"I mean no harm for you, Na... I have never meant to hurt you at all..." Rei said. It was safe to say that he was delirious right now, because he was still in denial that Na was no more. Her existence in this realm had vanished, not even her soul was left for Rei to manipulate. "I only missed you so bad... I want to see you again, Na..." 
Rei kept repeating the same thing, but Cane and Iris were thinking about different thing. From behind them, the elders and the pure faction people gathered together, they were alerted after witnessing what Cane had intended to do. The alpha was not playing. 
"You lied," Iris said, she turned around and faced Elder Rose. "You lied when you told us about the spider devils and a way to get rid of it." 
Cane had realized it too when he saw the guilt in Elder Rose’s eyes, but Iris voiced out her frustration because they were being fooled by her, thinking she finally came to her sense and chose Abby, her daughter, instead of her blind loyalty toward the Holy Kingdom, which in extent, Rei. 
The relationship between Elder Rose and Rei was quite complicated because it was clear to see how much hatred she had for him for what he had done to her second daughter, but at the same time, she was unable to do any real harm to him. 
Therefore, the information about the spider devils that Elder Rose told them must be something that they had planned and unfortunately, they fell into their trick. 
If the creature was willing to sacrifice itself to be killed in order to protect Rei, it meant somehow, he was connected with the spider devil. The proof was before their eyes, plain and simple. 
"You lied to us." Iris narrowed her eyes, it was not an accusation, but a statement. 
However, Elder Rose didn’t say anything, she kept avoiding Iris’s eyes, therefore, this time too, it was Elder Dandolf, who stepped in. 
It seemed, the role between him and elder Xarex had reversed, because right now the latter was not being responsive at all. He kept quiet the entire time and let Elder Dandolf to do the talking. 
"Your friend will be fine," Elder Dandolf said. 
"There were dozen of spiderlings inside their body and you said they will be fine?!" Iris roared. They still had not yet found Ethan, Aliana, Redmond and the rest, even though the other people were working on it, but they didn’t know whether the time would be enough to rescue all of them or not. "Don’t fool me with that stupid and reckless statement." 
"The cocoon will prevent them from being harmed from the poisonous miasma and the spiderlings will keep them alive while inside." Elder Dandolf was being more talkative than usual. "Decratic is here. I am sure you can feel it too, Serafim. We are on your side." 
"But, you harmed my people!" 
"They will not help during the battle. We don’t need a lot of impractical forces. The shifters will not be able to do anything against magic." Elder Dandolf waved his hand behind him, showing the people from the pure faction. "We are more than enough, Serafim. We are the people that you need in order to fight Decratic." 
Probably, it was in his nature, but elder Xarex seemingly couldn’t help himself not to talk a word or two in order to persuade Iris. "You have been having negative thought lately and you don’t keep your heart pure, thus it gave Decratic power to rise again. It gave Decratic enough strength to have a battle with us ahead of time." 
Iris gritted her teeth. How shameless he was to say something like that?! If anything, it was them, who had been filling her heart with so much hatred that fueled to Decratic’s strength! 
Iris wanted to lash out at them, but Cane stopped her. His mate was consumed by anger, where she didn’t notice the appearance of the poisonous miasma. The ground cracked and faint red cloud could be seen appeared from the fissure. 
There were two around them currently. 
"What the truth about the spider devil?" Cane asked. 
"We don’t answer to you." Elder Xarex still looked down on Cane. He lived up the description about how people from the Holy Kingdom looked at the shifter. 
"Answer him," Iris said coldly. "I don’t accept any disrespectful act against my mate." 
Cane smiled at Elder Xarex. He really needed to observe more of how to face his opponent. Finally, it was Elder Dandolf again that spoke up. 
Apparently, they shouldn’t have burned the spider devil because once their blood was boiled, it would create an illusion for the people, who breathed in it and needless to say, all of them were breathing the smell of it. 
The reason why Iris and her other protectors were not affected was because of her divine power, since the spider devil was reeked of black magic, thus the illusion contained with it too, where Rei controlled it because he was the one, who had infused the spider devil with black magic. 
Just like Decratic, who could revive the dragon from the extinction, as it turned out Rei had the same ability as well. 
Meanwhile, the illusion that Iris saw when she faced Rei was purely Rei’s manipulation. It affected Iris, but it didn’t last for long. 
"Serafim, do you really think that the black rain and the dark sky were simply a phenomenon?" Elder Dandolf shook his head. "Only if you are willing to let Rei taught you, you will know by now what dangerous meaning behind it." 
"If that’s really important. You will let her know whether or not she is willing to be taught." Cane looked at Elder Dandolf, while Elder Xarex held back his tongue. "The fact you still hold back the information meant, that’s not important enough or you are being very vain to not know what is important and only wanted thing to go according to what you wanted, despite the predicament of the situation." 
Elder Dandolf looked trying so hard to choose his word carefully, because he didn’t want to get to Iris’s bad side. 
"The black rain contained with the most dangerous black magic... it’s very strong, until you can’t feel it." It was Rei, who spoke, his voice was very faint, but Iris could read his lips, but he was talking in Andel language, which was the language that Cane didn’t fully understand. 
Even at moment like this, they were still being very petty and put their sentiment on the shifters above anything else. 
"The black rain will taint the ground and opened the gates of hell, the dark sky is part of a series of events, where the extinct creature from the past will be revived again." 
At first, it was black rain and the dark sky and then the resuscitation of the ancient creature, the poisonous miasma and then the last was the receding divine power from the Serafim. 
Only people from pure faction, who knew about this information and Rei knew all the vital information, including the Serafim’s power more than anyone else. 
"Even after you knew about that, you still wasted your time to harm my people." Iris refused to speak in their language, but Rei kept talking in Andel. 
Rei looked at Iris deeply, almost apologetic. "I need their lives’ essence." 
"Which meant, you will kill them eventually." What a liar. He told her that her people wouldn’t be harmed and they actually saved them from the poisonous miasma. 
"I will not kill the people that dear to you, Serafim." Rei stared at Iris with longing, but it didn’t go unnoticed by Cane when he glanced at her stomach in a brief second and it filled with so much hatred. "The gates of hell will be opened and the only thing that Decratic needed right now is for you to fill your heart with hatred, which will make him stronger and you lost your divine power." 
This was ridiculous! How could you not allow to be angry when these people kept saying this stupid thing!? 
It was unsure, whether they had to be grateful or not with the fact that Rei was not their opponent and was actually on their side. 
Beneath them, they could hear a deep growl, where it shook the ground, they felt like they just woken up another dangerous ancient creature from hell and that could be right... 
"It’s coming..." Rei said. His complexion was getting better and Iris hated the thought of how many lives’ essence he took from the shifters.
###Chapter 935: THE FINAL BATTLE
Chapter 935: THE FINAL BATTLE
These people were not on their side. Cane was not so dumb not to notice that. It was obvious what their aim was. 
But right now, with limited choice they had, this was not that bad to let them dealt with Decratic and his followers. They were not an ally, but they were on the same side in term of getting rid of Decratic. This creature was their main concern right now. 
"Where is the member of the Golden Light pack?" Iris asked. They were here, thinking this place would be alpha Dax and his warrior’s base. She didn’t talk with Rei this time, because that man deliberately talked in Andel, which excluded Cane from the information. 
Even at time like this, Rei was still trying to belittle Cane and take his pettiness to the next level. Iris simply couldn’t understand his main goal of doing this. Did he really think she would sympathize with him when he kept disrespecting Cane in every chance he got? 
"Decratic got them. That’s our best guess," Elder Dandolf replied. He took the role as the spokesperson. 
Currently, they were back to the same place, where they were outside of the second fortress. Rei took them to the magic stone’s mines, so he could do this nasty thing to the rest of the warriors that came with them. 
But he didn’t expect someone else would be able to move as well. He had seen Cedric and was surprise that the knight was alive, even more when he realized he was chosen by Na to be one of the protectors. 
However, he was too beaten up to do anything about it. 
Meanwhile, the sound from under the ground was getting louder. You literally could hear something was slithering under the ground. 
"What is this?" Iris looked terrified when she watched how the ground was undulating. Cane put his arm around her waist to steady her. 
Not too far from them, Lou and the other felt the same thing too, as they stopped what they were doing and looked around them. 
By this time, they had saved around two hundreds warriors, but of course there were more that they needed to be saved before they were running out of time and Rei managed to devour all of their lives’ essence. 
"We need to keep moving," Cezi said, reminded them not to stop. He glanced at the distance, toward the direction, where Cane and Iris headed to. 
This whole thing about protectors and Serafim were still confusing for Cezi, he couldn’t understand how as a shifter he could perform a magic. But, at time like this, when you needed to survive by all means, the questions could wait. 
They managed to find Jace and Ethan, Redmond and Amee, but Iris’s five protectors were still missing. The Cocoons had the same size, thus it was hard to determine which was whom. 
But obviously, Lou could recognize Lil Thing’s cocoon. It was the biggest of all. He managed to find his former pet. 
"I feel bad for the spider devil that had to wrap you," Lou said to no one in particular, as he tried to get the lazy bear out of the cocoon. It was not easy, because the cocoon was thicker than the rest. "Dang it! After you made me broke by feeding you magic stones and ran off to Iris without any scrupulous, now I have to save your lazy ass! What was I thinking when I bought you in the past?"
This bear was a handful and he didn’t get any benefit from it. 
"Come on! Move! Lazy Thing!" Lou shook Lil Thing’s body and found that the bear was having Iris’s lizard in its paw. "What is this? A bonus?" The lizard opened its eyes and started moving around before it fled away. "Great. No ’thank you’ for me, huh?" 
Lou then worked on Lil Thing, getting rid of all the spiderlings within its body and waited for it to wake up, but the lazy bear didn’t even budge. 
"Fine. Whatever." Lou then moved toward the next cocoon. He was having a hard time to keep his balance because the ground kept shaking and it felt like there was an earthquake. 
"Are you, okay?" Cedric asked Abby when the woman stared at the distance, where the people from the Holy Kingdom gathered. 
She felt bitter. She felt like she was being excluded and this became very clear for her that she was no longer part of them. To be honest, she was very upset, despite everything she had to endure when she lived with them... 
"I am fine." Abby shifted her attention back to the matter at hand, she glanced at the Sylph that Iris had summoned and she could feel how strong it was. She would never be able to do this. "Let’s move. Something will happen. I can feel it." 
Abby caressed her stomach. She really wanted Liam to be here. She wanted to see him, or even got a simple news about his whereabouts, but she heard nothing. It almost like Liam had gone, completely disappeared. 
"Everything will be alright," Cedric said, he held her elbow to steady her, because the ground kept shaking. 
Meanwhile, the warriors that they managed to save, had started to regain their consciousness and Jace gave a brief instruction of what they had to do. At first, they needed to free their fellow warriors from the cocoon and let the five of them to kill the spiderlings inside their bodies. With this, they could move faster and saved more people. 
On the other hand, Ethan didn’t care about the instruction, his main focus was to look for Aliana. He used the same method like Hanna after she told him about how she found Will. 
Unfortunately for the gamma, he couldn’t find Aliana as quick as Hanna. 
Seeing this, Jace didn’t stop him. He would have looked for his sister himself if he didn’t have the responsibility as the beta, since Cane and Iris were not here. 
The beta knew, Ethan would flip every rock only to find his sister and for the first time, he was genuinely grateful his sister had someone like Ethan. 
Yet, the situation turned to the worse very fast, because soon enough the roar came from the sky and they knew what creature let out this sound. They had faced it before and it was not a dear moment they wanted to relive. 
"Damn it!" Jace cursed under his breath. "Should we march there to get the alpha and the luna?" The beta was clueless. He approached Cezi to ask for his opinion. 
Cezi stared the distance. It was very quiet over there, only the people from the Holy Kingdom were standing at the same place, with blank expression and empty eyes. 
"No. Let them handled the problem over there." Cezi shook his head. "They knew what they are doing." He hoped he was right. 
Jace didn’t like the suggestion, but he didn’t want to disrupt them. "I am going to bring all the warriors with me if I saw any sign of distress." 
Cezi nodded. "Yes. Let’s do that." 
Once again, they heard a deep growling sound from the ground and the roaring in the air. Both of Cezi and Jace stared at the sky that almost turned dark, as the sun slowly disappeared behind the horizon. 
"This is it?" Jace gritted his teeth. Would this be their final battle? Would this be their final moment? They came here fully prepared, but the people from the Holy Kingdom simply loved to mess everything up. 
If they managed to survive this, Jace would love to massacre them one by one. 
"Aliana!" Ethan shouted her name, which drew Jace’s attention, as he rushed toward the gamma, who was carrying his little sister. She looked so pale and her lips had turned blue. She had been inside the cocoon for long. 
"Alpha Cezi! Come here!" Jace was distraught to see his sister’s condition and Ethan felt like his heart would burst at any moment. He couldn’t care less about his surroundings. "Please help her!" 
Cezi immediately crouched down next to Aliana and perform his newly found ability. It still felt so strange when the light came from his palms and he could see the spiderlings under her red skin, something that must be seen differently from Ethan and Jace’s perspective. 
They Sylph must be very strong for someone, who knew nothing about magic to be able to learn it with ease and in a short period of time with a simple instruction from Lou. 
"How is it?" Ethan asked, he held Aliana’s hand. Because of everything that was going on, they had not had a proper conversation yet. 
"I think you need to take her to the Serafim. I don’t think I can manage to cure her," Cezi replied truthfully. The spiderlings inside Aliana had grown, it was stronger than the one he had handled. In fact, Aliana’s condition was worse than Will’s condition when Hanna found him. 
Hearing that, Ethan didn’t waste his time and immediately carried Aliana over to Abby, as he urged her to save her life. 
"Do something! Please, do something!" Ethan said hastily and Abby immediately worked on it. 
The shaking ground made it hard for them to stand and move around. They felt like they were going to lose half of their people if they were attacked at a moment like this. 
And the attack happened. 
In the distance they could hear the sound of the ground splitting and thousands, if not millions of roars of monsters breaking through the night, while the sky turned very dark because tonight coincided with the new moon. 
"Serafim, please. Stay close with us. We will protect you," alpha Dandolf said. He signaled his people to surround Iris and Cane. If it was up to him, he would ask the lycan to stay away from their Serafim, but knowing the suggestion would meet with Iris’s wrath, he was wise enough not to voice it out. 
However, Iris didn’t want that. She glared at Rei. They tried to distract her with the critical of the situation and the fact they were going to face Decratic, while Rei kept harvesting his power by taking the warriors’ lives essence. 
"Stop what you are doing," Iris growled at Rei. He looked better now and managed to sit down straight. His injuries had closed and you could see his birthmark on his back when he tried to stand up. 
"I need more power to protect you, Serafim. I can’t do that." 
"You should have thought about that before you attacked me and caused trouble for yourself." 
"You should have listened to me. I only wanted to keep you safe, away from any harm." 
"You are the one, who harmed me!" 
Rei grimaced. "Please, calm yourself down. Your anger will only fuel to Decratic’s power." 
This was very frustrating! Iris felt like she wanted to rip his face and kill him right there and then, so she could be done with him once and for all. 
However, Cane felt there was something amiss with Rei’s method. He seemed to purposely rile Iris’s emotion up and then tried to salvage the situation. It was very subtle and he could be wrong, but Cane thought Rei was playing with his mate’s emotion, which in extent he tried to measure Decratic’s power. 
"Let them go." Iris gritted her words. She let out the black wisp and Rei stared at it with anger flickered in his eyes. 
This ability was something that Na received from the lycan and he hated it so much. He still believed he could save any remaining of Na’s life essence from within Iris. He just only needed to have a thorough check on her. 
Right at that time, the roaring sound of dragon could be heard so loud, splitting the night sky, as it figure appeared from the darkness. 
Not only one, but five.
###Chapter 936: THE FINAL BATTLE (2)
Chapter 936: THE FINAL BATTLE (2)
The spider devils created a web around them as the protection and Cane started to shift into his lycan form, because tonight was a new moon. 
Meanwhile Iris gritted her teeth when she tried to compose herself and focus on the upcoming battle. Her little lights fluttered around the lycan’s ears right now, who stood so close to her because he was not going to let anything happened on his mate. 
The lycan nuzzled her stomach and the babies responded by giving a little kick. The sight was heartwarming only if they were in different situation and they were on the brink of war, fighting five dragons and ancient monsters that they had never seen and only learned through scriptures before. 
However, Rei’s eyes flickered with anger with the scene. He hated the lycan so much and it was not even a secret. He looked like he was going to get rid of the lycan if he was given the chance to. 
If something happened to the lycan during the battle and Rei was nearby, it would be a questionable accident. 
The five dragons flew so low as it burned everything beneath them. As if they were the mighty gods that would destroy this realm. Everything was burned, the flames illuminated the night sky and it turned night so bright, even without the pale light of the moon. 
"That’s a lot of fire..." Zale said. He was flabbergasted to see so much fire before his eyes. He had never seen a sight like this before. "We will not make it." 
"Don’t jinx!" Lou slapped the back of his head. "I don’t want to die here!" 
They might be able to escape and survive the fire, but what about the warriors, who still trapped inside the cocoon? They couldn’t save themselves and the five of them wouldn’t have enough time to save them. 
They bound to lose half of their people. Half of the people would die just like that. They didn’t have a chance to defend themselves. Let alone died honorably during the war against their strongest enemy. They were going to die as food to the spider devils. 
Even if Iris was here, she wouldn’t be able to do much to help all of them. Perhaps, if Iris was here, the people from the Holy Kingdom’s pure faction would march here and cause more trouble to prevent them from saving the warriors, as Rei would use their lives essence to replenish his strength. 
"How we fight a battle against a dragon?" Cezi asked, this was the first time for him to see a living dragon, because in the past, he was on the same state like Ethan when they fought this ancient creature. 
"I am not sure." Jace watched the flames that burned everything. Would there be even a battle to begin with if they had to fight five monsters that they couldn’t even get close to. 
"How did you fight a dragon before? I heard you managed to win a fight against one before? What strategy did you use?" The information that Cezi heard must be only half of the story. 
"It was not us." Jace narrowed his eyes when he watched a giant spider web was created in the distance to protect the people from the Holy Kingdom. "It was the luna and the lycan, who managed to win the fight." Jace told him the truth. Even Lou didn’t get involved in the battle, because he was in a critical condition and almost died as well. 
"Only the two of them?" Cezi asked incredulously. He stared at the spider web, as if he could see Iris. He was fascinated by that fact. The luna was really strong. Was this the same girl he heard was a runt, a useless daughter of alpha Gerald? 
On the other hand, Ethan only glance at the burning ground nonchalantly, his main focus was on Aliana. The world could collapse and burn for all he cared, if this woman died, there was no different in his eyes. 
He would prefer the world was grieving with him if he had to lose her. 
"How is it? Can you do it?!" Ethan asked impatiently. His tone was harsh and Cedric reminded him to calm down, yet the gamma was not having it. "Can you do it or not?! I will bring her to Iris if you couldn’t save her!" Ethan literally growled at Abby. It was already kind enough for him not to call her out for her incompetence. 
"You can’t bring her over there," Cedric said. He took a defensive stance, as he helped Abby to stand up and put her behind his back, while she lowered her head in ashamed. 
This was not her fault. People tended to put high expectation because of her status as the Serafim and she expected herself to be able to save Aliana too, but her condition was worse than she imagined, than she could handle... 
"You need to go through those five dragons and the people from the Holy Kingdom may not allow you to enter their protection." Cedric tried to reason with him. 
The distance from where they were standing to where the Holy Kingdom people gathered was too vast and between them, there were thousand of cocoons that trapped the warriors inside, waiting to be rescued, yet the five dragons burned them bit by bit. 
"I will take the risk," Ethan said with determination. If he didn’t go, Aliana would die. He was gambling with his and Aliana’s lives at this point. 
"Jace, don’t you want to say something?! Your gamma is being ridiculous!" Cedric was a strategist too and this plan didn’t look good. 
However, the beta didn’t say anything, he only stared at Ethan, while he warned him. 
"I am going, whether you allowed me or not. She is going to die if I can’t get her to Iris." Ethan needed to go through fire in his human form, carrying Aliana on his back, because he wouldn’t be able to take Aliana in his beast form. 
Instead, it was Lou, who approached him and took off his red cloak and draped it on Aliana’s back. 
"This will protect you from fire for a while. Make sure to wash it until its spotless before you returned it," Lou said casually. 
"Please, take care of my sister," Jace finally spoke and they watched Ethan bolted through the fire. 
The cloak protected them from the fire, but it didn’t mean it could protect them from the heat. Ethan felt like his shoes melted and it became unbearable to walk on this burning ground, but he didn’t slow down at all. 
Meanwhile, inside the protection of the Holy Kingdom, Rei looked much better and Iris hated the sight of him. 
"Don’t touch the web," Rei said. The web was a protection that filled with dark magic, since Rei had the spider devil to create it, thus if Iris touched it, it would collapse and they would be in a great danger. "You don’t need to feel sorry, Na. They are going to die in one way or another." 
If Rei didn’t use them to replenish his strength, they were going to die because of the dragon. 
"You can use your own people to replenish your strength! You have thousand of knights here!" Iris roared. She was worried about Lou and the other people, also how many of the warriors they managed to save? 
Iris was right, but Cane knew there was a hidden plan and the main reason why Rei chose to do this. Iris would be able to read this pattern and his main intention if she was calm down a bit, but right now she was too emotional and the alpha laid dormant within the lycan, since it was the new moon. 
"Your people is here. These are your people, not them." 
Rei then shifted his attention toward the sky, you could see the five dragons through the gap of the web and the heat that could burn your skin.
Rei raised both of his hands toward the sky and at the same time, silver dust raised up. It swirled in the air and scattered as per Rei’s movement. 
Elder Rose had told them a wrong information before when they told them to burn the cocoon in order to get rid of the spiderlings when in fact, they shouldn’t have burned it, because the ashes of it could give you an illusion. 
And this was the reason why Rei created a massive number of the cocoon from the spider devils, because he knew Decratic had an ancient creature, such as Nefilim and Dragon, two ancient creatures that Rei failed to obtain. 
Therefore, he had to make the best use of the creatures he currently had. Putting aside all the sentiment aspect, this was actually a brilliant idea. 
Rei wanted to put the dragons under his spell, controlled them with illusion, but what he didn’t expect was the number of the dragon. He was only aware of one dragon, not five of them. 
"Na, I need your help!" Rei said. "Let’s do it like the old days!" 
He was in an extreme denial that Na was no longer exist in this realm. He saw Iris as Na and no matter what, she would always be Na. 
The lycan growled, but Iris held him back from attacking Rei, because it would put them into a disadvantage situation. 
She really needed Cane at time like this if Lu was being reckless, but thankfully the lycan listened to her and stopped in time before he could cut Rei in one swift move, since the two of them was very close for Rei to dodge the attack. 
Iris glanced at her little lights and the two of them rested on the lycan’s muzzle. There was this little smile on the corner of her lips, which made the lycan nuzzled her stomach. 
She knew what Rei meant by doing it like the old days, because she got a glimpse of how Na and Rei tamed a dragon in the past. The dragon was still alive during their time together. 
Closing her eyes, from her body, white light emanated and it illuminated their surroundings, her power was blinding and this made the flames around them pale in comparison. 
The blinding light did not only make the dragon sightless, but it made it harder for Ethan to carry Aliana over to Iris. He couldn’t see what was in front of him and his senses turned numb, because he was breathing the ashes of the spiderlings too much. 
The gamma felt like he was going to collapse and Iris didn’t have any idea about his struggle. She saw Lou and Abby had created protection around them and her Sylph was still there to provide them with magic, thus she didn’t think Ethan was on his way toward her with Aliana on his back. 
Ethan started to have a hard time to breath and his burning feet were killing him. He couldn’t see the direction he had to go and he relied solely on his instinct. 
"Eth- Ethan... put me down..." Aliana said softly. Somehow, she regained her consciousness. It seemed, Abby’s power couldn’t get rid of the spiderlings within her, but it was enough to make her awake from her slumber. "It’s okay... it’s okay now..." 
"Don’t be ridiculous!" Ethan growled. He was in panic because he didn’t know where to go and the burning ground kept shaking. If he fell, his body would be burned, so did Aliana, while above him, he could hear the menacing growls of the dragons. They were stuck in the middle. 
"I am sorry, I shouldn’t be angry with you..." Aliana said. "I am sorry. I should have cherished our time together..." 
"Oh, shut up, Aliana! We are going to make it! We are going to survive! I only need to get you to Iris and you will be fine!" Ethan snapped in frustration.
###Chapter 937: THE FINAL BATTLE (3)
Chapter 937: THE FINAL BATTLE (3)
This was a memory. 
When Iris’s power fussed with Rei’s, she saw his memories. It almost felt like when she absorbed the black magic from Ethan and Lou. She could see a glimpse of their past. The same thing happened with Abby too. 
In Rei’s memory, Iris saw a young woman, around the seventeen, she looked like her, but with long, black hair, staring at the distance. She stared at the moon with longing in her eyes. 
Beside her was a man, around the same age as her, standing close by. He was wearing the black cloak with hoodie that covered his face. This was an attire that a member of pure faction used to wear, while the other member of the Holy Kingdom used to wear white cloak. 
It meant, whoever this woman was, she lived within the pure faction’s control. And this woman could be... 
"What are you doing here, Nera?" Rei asked. He looked the same, but at the same time, he was slightly different. He looked cheerful and full of energy. There was this deep adoration and love in his green eyes for the woman that he called Nera. 
Without doubt. She was Iris’s mother. She looked so young and extremely beautiful. Her eyes glinted under the moonlight and her black hair matched with the night sky. 
She looked very serene and peaceful. 
Meanwhile, the young man resigned himself and nodded politely at Rei, in which he ignored, as his main focus was on the woman before his eyes. 
"The night is so cold, you need to go back. You will put your health at risk if you stayed here for long." Rei leaned over and kissed her forehead. 
"I don’t want to do it again," Nera said in small voice. "The ritual was very painful. I don’t want to do it again." 
Hearing that, a harsh slap landed on Nera’s face, which made her body fell to the ground, but the next second, Rei had crouched down and hugged her protectively, as if he didn’t hit her in the first place. 
"You shouldn’t have said that. You need to bear it for a while." Rei caressed her back, hugging her carefully. "Your body will be able to take it. You only need to bear with it for a while. The whole process is almost done. You can’t give up now," Rei said. "I am sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you, but you shouldn’t have said something that upset me." 
Rei freed her and cup her face between his palms, as he kissed her swollen cheek gently. 
"Don’t make me upset again, okay? I hate to hurt you." Rei watched how her woman nodded her head obediently. 
And the memory stopped there, as Iris was pulled back to reality, where she saw Rei was staring at her. It seemed, he knew what she had seen and didn’t expect Iris to pry into his past. 
Meanwhile, the blinding white light that emanated from Iris’s body slowly dissipated, where the darkness returned, but the five dragons managed to be tamed. 
The five ancient creatures stopped burning the ground and flew so close to the ground, as two of them had landed near the protection web. 
Right at that time, the lycan didn’t even wait, as he used his black wisp to cut off two of the dragon’s head in one swift move! Lu didn’t have a patient to wait and listen what Rei was going to do with these creatures after he managed to control them. 
If Rei managed to control the dragon, it meant, he would get more power for himself and Lu wouldn’t let it. 
They had the same goal now, but after everything was over, they were standing at the opposite of the bridge. Lu would not take a risk by letting him to get stronger. 
In this case, the lycan acted the way Cane would. 
"Wh- what is that?" Iris stared at Rei with a mixed of emotions. She heard about the second child of Elder Rose and her mother was a splitting image of the elder that was why, in the beginning people would talk how Iris and Abby looked similar, though it was still a question where did they get their red hair and blue eyes. "Was that... my mother? The second baby of Elder Rose is my mother?" 
Iris put two and two together and she got this conclusion. 
Elder Rose was shocked when she heard this. She couldn’t her mind around Iris’s statement. She thought she misheard it. How did she know about her second child? 
"What do you mean with that?" Elder Rose asked in low voice, she had been distracted by an entirely different matter. She didn’t look like she wanted to survive whatever the outcome of this war, but what Iris said snatched her attention.
Yet, Iris didn’t heed her question, her entire focus was on Rei. 
"That’s my mother, right? I saw your memory. I am sure of it. That’s my mother, right? You called her name. Nera. That’s my mother." Iris didn’t have any picture of her mother, because Gerald didn’t want to be reminded of her, but one time, her sitter drew a picture of her mother and she remembered that, since the old lady was quite talented. 
"What did you see?" Elder Rose came forward, she wanted to shake Iris’s body, so she could talk more, but Elder Dandolf had stopped them. 
"We are in the middle of a war, can you please focus on this. Let’s put aside irrelevant matter," Elder Dandolf said wisely. "We will have a lot of time to talk about this once we could win this war." 
Rei didn’t say anything. He didn’t look remorseful, only sad. 
On the other hand, Iris really wanted to know more, but she couldn’t afford to be distracted, since her emotions would affect Decratic’s strength. She knew, she was going to be emotional if she heard the explanation and even hated Rei more. 
Meanwhile, the lycan managed to kill one more dragon, which left him with only two dragons to take care of. It was an easy assignment for the lycan, knowing how much he loved violence and the dragon couldn’t fight him back. 
However, before Lu could tear the next dragon, the creature seemed to snap back to its sense and when the lycan was in mid air to get to the dragon, this magnificent creature tilted its head and breathed fire right at Lu’s direction, which engulfed the lycan in a great flame. 
"NO!" Iris roared when she witnessed this. 
Everything went too fast, she didn’t have time to react, neither she saw it coming. Wasn’t the dragon under Rei’s control? He put them under the illusion, right? He managed to control them, but why the dragons suddenly snapped back? 
Iris didn’t think twice when she rushed out of the protection shield. 
"No! Stop her!" Rei said in panic and Elder Dandolf immediately grabbed Iris’s elbow to stop her, but she swatted his hand and used the black wisp to create a barrier, which stopped the elder from getting close to her. 
And once she stepped out of the web protection, it collapsed. Since Rei had warned her before not to touch it, because it filled with black magic and Iris’s touch would dissolve it. 
Without the protection, some of the knights got burned. These were the knights, who were still under Rei’s illusion, thus they couldn’t move on their own to save themselves, but Iris couldn’t careless about what happened to them. 
Her main focus right now was to get to Lu as soon as possible. She dreaded the worse and her mind started spiraling down to a dark place. 
Thankfully, when Iris arrived, she could see the lycan landed on all four and looked fine. Apparently, he used his black wisp as protection and it managed to hold back the heat from the dragon’s fire. 
The lycan looked livid and was about to charge forward, but he stopped when he saw Iris. Instead, he rushed back toward her and let her ride on his back. 
This was not the first time they took down a dragon together. Before, Iris also rode on the beast’s back when they fought a dragon. 
If you watched closely, you would be able to see how the lycan snickered, as Iris pulled out the sixth sword and stabbed the dragon’s neck. Black blood started oozing out from the wound, but the lycan was not done yet, he maneuvered and used a big rock to propel his body up, so he could be on the dragon’s back, giving Iris more access to cause more damage on the dragon. 
The dragon hollered in pain and flapped its gigantic wings and brought them up to the sky, yet the lycan used the black wisp to steady himself and Iris on the dragon’s back, while Iris swung her sword and cut the dragon’s neck. 
This sword must be extremely sharp to be able to cut through the dragon’s hard scales. She didn’t even need to exert her strength to do so. 
Iris screamed when the dead dragon’s body dived down to the ground. With this altitude, Iris was sure she was going to die once they touched the ground. She was not going to make it! 
"Arrghh!" Iris screamed, as she buried her face against the beast’s fur and waited for the impact. 
However, before the dead body of the dragon made a collision with the ground, the lycan jumped right in time and landed safely, watching how the magnanimous dragon’s body collided against the ground and created a shockwave that was akin to an earthquake. 
It took some time for Iris’s mind to register that they were fine and the first thing she saw was her little lights, rested on her curls. 
"A- are we okay?" Iris asked, stuttering because that was very scary. 
The lycan was very accommodating, as it lowered its body and let Iris slid down from its back and sat on the ground. Fire around them. 
Meanwhile, from the look of it, Rei seemed to try to get the last dragon in his control. 
The lycan nudged Iris’s face, as if asking whether she was alright. It let out a distressful whimper when Iris didn’t say anything. 
"Yes, I am fine... the babies are fine too." Iris kissed the lycan’s head when it nudged her stomach. She could feel her babies were moving. She really wished they were not in this situation, so they could cherish this moment together. 
But, unfortunately, life was not so kind to you. 
"I am fine... I am fine..." Iris rested her head against the lycan’s and closed her eyes for a while. The heat bothered her, but it was still bearable. 
In the distance, Iris watched how Rei managed to tame the last dragon. She narrowed her eyes. She didn’t believe he lost his control over the dragon earlier. If Lu couldn’t protect himself, he would have turned into ashes by now. 
This man. 
He would be the first person that she killed after everything was done. Iris took a deep breath. Her hatred toward Rei would only fuel Decratic’s power and the more she thought about it, the angrier she became. 
Iris looked up to the night sky and closed her eyes once again. She saw a glimpse of how Na did it and she tried to copy that. 
A few second later, rain started pouring down from the night sky, put off the fire around them and made the ground more bearable. 
This rain felt like a salvation and managed to quenched their thirst, giving them strength to continue this fight. 
And from behind the curtain of rain, Iris watched someone approached them. She thought, it was one of the pure faction’s people, but upon closer look, she realized it was Ethan! He carried someone behind his back. 
"Iris! Help me! Help me!" Ethan’s voice cracked, as he called her name in desperation.
###Chapter 938: THE FINAL BATTLE (4)
Chapter 938: THE FINAL BATTLE (4)
Blood trailed behind Ethan in every step he took, his feet were burning, but he didn’t feel it. The only thing in his mind was how to get Aliana the help she needed. He couldn’t care less about himself. 
"Iris! Please, help her! Help her!" Ethan watched how Iris and the lycan managed to take down one of the dragons. 
This was the first time for him to see this ancient creature, where he had been fussing about because he didn’t have a chance to see it when they fought the creature in the Silver River pack. 
However, he was not even thrilled to see five of them. 
Iris immediately stood up and rushed toward Ethan, as the gamma put Aliana down on the wet ground. Rain kept pouring down from the night sky and the wind howled in the distance. 
"That Serafim couldn’t save her, the other people couldn’t save her too!" Ethan said hastily, reporting everything to Iris. He was in distress and he talked a few more thing incoherently. His whole body was shaking and he couldn’t stop himself from talking so fast. 
"Okay, I understood. You need to calm down, okay. You need to calm down," Iris said, trying to make Ethan stopped talking. 
"Save her!" Ethan snapped, but then he apologized when the lycan let out a warning growl, which made the gamma whimpered. 
Iris was already on it, as she tried to get rid of the spiderlings within Aliana’s body. She gritted her teeth when she found out the spiderlings had eaten half of her lungs and it grew very fast. She was not sure whether this was normal or not, but these creatures’ development was abnormal. Was it because of the black magic within them. 
"Hold her," Iris said to Ethan. "This will be painful, you need to hold it, okay?" This time, Iris talked to Aliana, her voice was gentle and soothing. 
For a moment, Aliana relax, she thought she would be able to hold it, but as it turned out the pain was unbearable. Ethan needed to sit on top of her and held both of her hands above her head to stop her from moving around, while Iris tried her best to end this as soon as possible. 
"Hold it!" Iris said, she was having a hard time to pinpoint the exact spot of the spiderlings because it moved so fast within her body. A second later Aliana coughed blood, the gurgling sound from her throat made Ethan wanted to cry. 
Because Ethan was sitting above her, he could see the agony in Aliana’s eyes, as she tried her hardest to hold it back, but she couldn’t. She kept thrashing her body and cried in pain. 
"How long!? Are you done?! She is in so much pain!" Ethan shouted, as if Iris couldn’t hear him. 
Meanwhile, the lycan didn’t seem to have any interested to watch this, as his focus was on somewhere else. He raised his muzzle and sniffed the air, he knew the dragon was not the end, it was only the beginning and just like what he thought, the roaring sound from under the ground could be heard one more time. 
Because of the rain, it put off the fire, but the poisonous miasma was still there, though the smoke that came from it less toxic. 
Once again, the ground was shaking and the last dragon that Rei managed to tame flapped its wings, while the man gathered his people to get a better control on this creature. 
"What is that...?" Lou asked in bewilderment when he heard buzzing sound that came approaching them. 
Far from them, they could see thousand of bats heading toward them, but behind them, they could see Nefilim and more monsters that they had never seen before. 
"What the fuck..." Lou breathed in depression. "Tell me that you have a plan of how to fight them all." He glanced at Cezi and Jace. 
For now, they only managed to save forty percent of the total number of the warriors, while the rest of them were either their lives essence had been sucked by Rei or being burned by the dragone fire. It was gut wrenching to watch how they died in vain. 
However, at time like this, they didn’t even have time to mourn what they lost and focus on how to survive this unfair battle. 
"Yes. Not getting killed." Jace narrowed his eyes. These monsters had to go through them first before they could reach the people from the Holy Kingdom. 
Lou scowled at the answer. "What a great plan you have." 
"We need to move out of the way." Cezi said and then repeated it again in loud voice. "Move aside!" 
Their current position was in disadvantage, where they were in the cross path between the monsters and the people from the Holy Kingdom. 
"Move to the side!" Jace repeated the order, he read Cezi’s plan on how to save them from being massacred brutally by these monsters, as they were outnumbered greatly. 
"You! Help me with the protection!" Lou talked to Abby. He was being rude, but no one could call him out at time like this. 
Abby then immediately created a protection shield around them, she drew her power from the Sylph, suppressing her agitation because she hated the fact that she was even weaker than Iris’s real protector. 
"What now?" Lou asked Jace and Cezi. 
"Let the people from the Holy Kingdom to deal with those monsters." Jace frowned when he watched those monsters stepped on the cocoons that filled with their warriors. Needless to say, they already died. 
The only Iris’s personal warriors that they could save was only Kian and Zephyr. They lost Eron, Dyne and Otis. They found Redmond in the last minute and he still had not yet regained his consciousness, but they lost Amee and many more... 
This so many deaths were something they didn’t even predict. They didn’t even expect it at all. They came fully prepared, but Rei had his own plan and used the shifters for his own advantage to replenish his strength and to create illusion for the dragon, so he could control them. 
And all of that cost the lives of their people. Instead of using the people from the Holy Kingdom, Rei used the shifters. 
What a real bastard he was! He used all means to achieve his goals! 
Even at time like this, they couldn’t have a moment to grieve properly for losing their fellow warriors. They had to focus on the on going war, which from the look of it, the result wouldn’t be on their favor. 
And above all that, Jace was worried about Ethan and Aliana. Did they make it? Would he be able to get his sister to the luna? 
Jace didn’t want Aliana to get herself involved in this. If he could, he wanted to send her miles away from the battlefield, sending her to somewhere safe, so she didn’t need to suffer, but his sister was stubborn and she chose this path. 
Meanwhile, Aliana was currently in so much pain, she felt like her organs were being ripped and burned. She had never been in this agony before, where even breathing only added to her pain. 
"Please, stop this... this is enough..." Aliana vomited blood again. "I don’t want to be in pain anymore..." 
Iris gritted her teeth. "Hold on for a while, Aliana... I am almost done... I am almost done..." she kept repeating the same thing. She needed to be extra careful if she wanted to get rid of the spiderlings within her body, because if she was being reckless, not only she would make her condition worse, but she could end up killing her instead. 
However, Aliana didn’t want to fight anymore. She was exhausted and the rain was so cold. She only wanted to be hugged, not being pressed down like this. 
And amidst this tensed situation, from the corner of her eyes, Iris saw a hand that patted her shoulder and when she turned her head, Iris felt her heart dropped to her stomach. She saw Amee, smiling at her. 
However, she knew it was not the real her. It was her spirit... which meant... 
And behind Amee, she could see Eron, Otis and Dyne, also a few warriors that she knew. The people, who started to accept her and respect her as their luna. 
The light from her palms dimmed and tears started rolling down her cheeks. "No... no..." she shook her head, whimpering. This couldn’t happen... 
She looked around her and now she could see the full extent of the number of the fallen warriors. Grace was also among them. Lou and the other couldn’t save them in time. 
"No... no..." Iris was trembling and the lycan came toward her to support her body. 
"What happened? What is it?" Ethan looked at Iris, mortified, thinking something happened to Aliana. "What is going on?" 
Iris couldn’t find her voice, she couldn’t speak because the pain and sadness overwhelmed her. She lost them. She knew that she was going to lose most of them, but seeing them here in their spirit form, gathered around her, made it very real. 
’It’s okay, luna... everything will be alright,’ Amee said softly. She hugged her, but she couldn’t feel the warmth from her body. 
Amee was someone that close to a mother for both Iris and Cane. Even when Cane didn’t say it, but Iris knew he respected her like a mother figure. He listened to her. 
’Everything will be alright, Iris, my dear...’ 
Eron smiled bitterly when Iris’s eyes found him. 
’I am sorry, I can’t protect you again, luna. I am sorry that I can’t be there for you, luna.’ 
He was sorry because he had to die. But, what he regretted the most was because he didn’t die in order to protect her. They died just like that. They died because Cane failed to notice the secret plan that Rei was playing, they died because Iris couldn’t save them all. 
If there was regret in their heart, this must be their biggest regret. They didn’t die in a battle. They died as a sacrifice for a black magic. 
’I am sorry, we have not done our best.’ Dyne stepped forward and bent his knees. ’I wish I can be at your service a little bit longer.’ 
The rest of them followed, they knelt down in front of their luna for the last time. 
’I wish I can see your babies growing up,’ Grace said. 
Most of them were still clueless about Iris’s pregnancy and Iris cried so hard because she couldn’t see their reaction when she announced this good news. She wanted to share this happiness, but she felt like she couldn’t be happy anymore. 
’Luna, please, remember us...’ Amee said softly. ’Iris, please take care of our alpha.’ 
At this point, there was no way for them to retrieve their bodies, as they had turned into ashes, thus they didn’t ask her to take them back home, but simply to remember them... 
Iris’s heart filled with sorrow, she was grieving and the feeling was very overwhelming. 
Right at the same time, the ground was shaking so bad, you could hear the crack on the ground, as if it split into two and from the fissure on the ground, you could see the red smoke of the poisonous miasma. 
At this point, Iris’s sadness turned into rage when her eyes found Rei was rushing toward her, he tried to tell her something, but she couldn’t hear what he said. Her ears were ringing and the only thing she wanted was to kill that man. 
Iris watched the fallen warriors and the people, who died because of her and Cane’s failure to protect them and she was filled with killing intent. She stood up and marched toward that green- eyes man. 
However, before Iris could reach Rei, the lycan had knocked her to the side.
###Chapter 939: THE FINAL BATTLE (5)
Chapter 939: THE FINAL BATTLE (5)
Iris was consumed with rage. She was seeing red when she watched how Rei acted like he led this war against Decratic. 
But, because of her anger, she failed to see those monsters, who marched toward them. The monsters from hell. 
Iris didn’t even realize how the ground beneath her split into two, letting out the red smoke of the poisonous miasma, while the fissure was getting bigger. It almost looked like it would create a cliff. 
Iris was knocked to the side when the ground beneath her cracked and she almost fell into the fissure. Rei saw this too and he immediately marched toward her, without knowing that Iris intended to kill him for killing her people. 
"Are you, okay?" Rei looked worried about her wellbeing, it reminded Iris of the memory when he looked very concern after he hit her mother. The sight was very disgusting. "Decratic has made his move. We need to strike back and..." 
But, before he could do anything, Iris had used the black wisp to stab him. Fortunately for Rei, he had a great reflex and could dodge it in time, but the lycan immediately jumped on him. Lu saw this as a clue, as a permission to attack this bastard, so of course, he wouldn’t let go of this opportunity. He had been wanting to tear this man apart. 
"Stop it!" Elder Dandolf got involved, he created a protection around Rei just in time before Lu could claw his chest. 
Of course, this was upset the lycan, but before he could fight back, the Nefilim and the other monsters had reached their spot and they were forced to deal with them first. 
Iris couldn’t care less about Rei and the rest, as she put protection shield around her, Lu, Aliana and Ethan, while Rei and his people dealt with the monsters. 
It was not a surprise to see how Rei managed to control the dragon. Iris was sure that back then, one of the dragons that attack Lu was not even out of control. Rei intentionally loosened his control over the creature. 
"How is she?" Ethan asked, fear etched on his face. He had tasted this feeling before when he thought he was going to lose Aliana, but it was still as dreadful. 
Iris currently continued to heal Aliana, she kept her focus on her because she could feel her hatred toward Rei gave Decratic new energy. The crack on the ground was getting bigger and the poisonous miasma became thicker. 
"She will be fine," Iris said after a few hours of trying to get rid of the spiderlings inside of her body. 
The battle was still going on between Rei and his people against the monsters. From the look of it, he had released the knights from their illusion, thus they could fight these monsters. 
However, Iris didn’t have any desire to help them at all. She was safe within this protection, more so, Rei made sure no monsters would be able to get close to Iris. He protected her, which made her felt sick in her stomach. 
Once again, Rei used the ashes of the spiderlings he got from the cocoons that had been burned by the dragon, which consisted with the warriors, to control the monsters. This was his main goal to deem the warriors into such tragic ending, so he could use them in this way. 
Neither Cane nor Iris knew that he could do such thing, they didn’t even know this kind of method was existed in the first place. Or else, they wouldn’t have let this man got close to them. Cane and Lou might have concocted a plan to kill him in the first chance given. 
Rei killed some of the monsters and tamed, controlled some of them, which in a way it gave him more power, adding to his forces, while he weakened Iris’s people and forced her to rely on his power instead. 
Cane failed to read this movement, because everything happened almost at the same time and magic was not the field he knew very well. 
"She will be fine... she will be fine..." Iris repeated the word, she leaned over and hugged Aliana. She had lost so many people, she was not going to lose her too. 
The spirit of the fallen warriors had disappeared and just like what had happened to them before... they couldn’t grieve properly. They didn’t even have time to discern their emotions about the lose of their loved one and had to keep moving forward and think of a way to survive this war. 
This leaving Iris with turmoil, because she had to keep her heart pure, she couldn’t hate Rei for killing her people. How she could do that? 
"She will be fine, she will be fine..." Iris repeated the word, as if she was hanging onto that. She was not going to lose anyone anymore. 
But, the night was still long and this battle was even longer... No one knew, who else she was going to lose... 
On the other hand, Lou watched how the Sylph started to fade away, which weakened the protection around them, because they couldn’t use its power anymore. 
"What happened with that air spirit?" Jace asked, he gritted his teeth when there was a crack on their protection. From the look of it, this shield wouldn’t be able to protect them from the attack for any longer. 
Most of the monsters went toward Rei and the people from the Holy Kingdom’s direction, but there were so many of them and they kept coming, which made it unavoidable that they became a target too. 
Cedric pulled Abby behind his back, as he withdrew his sword. Protecting her like he used to. 
"Iris must have seen the fallen warriors’ spirit, it must have upset her." Lou understood how thing worked with Iris’s power more than anyone here, but not like usual, he didn’t seem to brag about that. It bothered him to know how devastated Iris was right now. 
They were silent for a while, until Jace gave an order. 
"Be ready for a fight!" The beta was also worried about his little sister and the gamma. The night was so gloomy and with the rain that kept pouring down, it made their visibility shorter, more so, it took their ability to sense anything in the air, all the scents were washed away by the rain. 
Behind Jace, all the warriors shifted into their beast form and not long after that, the shield could no longer hold the attack from outside and it shattered. 
"Damn it! Damn it!" Lou cursed under his breath when he watched how a Nefilim crushed three beasts in one movement and the other monsters that he had never seen, sucked the blood out of the warriors, some of them killed the warriors in the most brutal way by using their sharp claws. 
This was a chaos, the only strategy they had was to stick together and don’t get yourself killed, which didn’t really help at all. 
Decratic knew how to use his puppet, he himself had not yet appeared since the beginning and let these monsters to deal with them first, killing as much as they could. 
And Rei took the advantage of this situation with the cost of the shifters, since they looked down on their kind. 
On the other hand, as the night progressed, she watched how the fallen warriors appeared one after another, indicating there was a massacre in the area where they were fighting the monsters. She dreaded the sight every time they came to her and this only plunged her deeper into the darkness. 
Beside her, Ethan wanted to see how Aliana was, but he didn’t want to interrupt Iris when she hugged her dearly. He couldn’t see what she saw, but he knew what it was and from the look of it, Iris was mortified. 
Ethan didn’t even want to know, who had lost their lives in this war. 
Meanwhile, the lycan didn’t budge from his spot from beside Iris. His red eyes stared into the distance, through the fog of the rain. His fur drenched, but it only gave a menacing look on this cursed creature. 
For a while, you would think that he guarded Iris there to protect her, but all of sudden, he let out an angry growl and dashed out of the protection shield to disappear into the mass. 
"LU!" Iris was mortified when she lost a sight of him, she immediately let go of Aliana’s body and was about to go after him when Ethan stopped her. 
"You need to stay!" Ethan grabbed her elbows, while his other hand cradled Aliana’s body. He wouldn’t let her go. 
"I need to find him!" Iris said adamantly. She was scared to think Lu would meet his demise amidst the aggressive attack of the monsters. What if something happened to him? What if she couldn’t see him again? Cane... 
"Stay back! He will not go if he didn’t know what he was going to do!" Ethan snapped at her. "You need to focus on your emotions! You are feeding Decratic more power!" 
It was easier said than done, because stopped hating someone was not something that you could command. This was the feeling that you couldn’t control. 
"Calm down and focus on getting rid of all the negative emotions!" Ethan was desperate. He knew how ridiculous it sounded, but there was no other way to win this battle if Iris kept feeding Decratic with her hatred. "Stay, Iris! You will not help, if you joined the fight! You only make Decratic grew stronger!" 
Iris bit her lip, she wished she could do something. She wished, she knew how to fully use her power without hurting herself. She still tried to find a way to use her power massively without any repercussion to her babies. 
She could absorb all of the black magic around her, but it would give her a backlash. Her babies... she was not going to risk their lives. 
Ethan was right, Iris sat down again, she needed to compose herself, because the more agitated she was, the bigger the crack on the ground. Currently, the width of the crack in the ground was already around one meter wide. 
It would only get bigger and the monsters would appear incessantly. Iris couldn’t use her power, her anger prevented her from controlling it. 
She had fed Decratic with enough negative emotions to the point, she had a hard time to control her own power. 
Ethan was right, she needed to calm down, but it was hard. 
And when Iris closed her eyes so she didn’t need to see the spirit of the fallen warriors, from the distance she could hear a banshee like voice. The screech hurt your ears. 
"What is that?!" Iris pressed her palms against her ears, while Ethan chose to cover Aliana’s ears instead of him, which caused his ears to bleed. 
"I am not sure!" Ethan said on top of this deafening screech. 
From where they stayed, they couldn’t see what was happening, but Lou and the other could see it pretty clearly. It was the lycan, who was tormenting a woman. 
They didn’t realize this woman in the beginning because it had been so long since the last time they saw her, more so, her existence had never crossed their mind. 
However, Will recognized him almost immediately. He was in his beast form, fighting off the monsters, while protecting Hanna, who fought beside him in her beast form too. 
But, a glimpse of this woman was enough to make Will staggered back and whimpered. He couldn’t preserve his beast’s form, thus he shifted back into his human skin and concurrently, a monster jumped on him, ready to tear him apart. 
Thankfully, Hanna saw that and tackled down the monster and killed it in an instant. 
Meanwhile, apparently the lycan targeted this woman. The cursed creature attacked her brutally, but even when her body had torn apart, she was still alive. 
******** 
Hi, author here. Firstly, I want to thank you for supporting this story. I truly appreciate all the comment (I read them all even when I didn’t reply) and all of your support in any form you can show me. 
And just like every beginning, we come to the end of the story. (what a wonderful journey that I have with you all!) 
Secondly, I want to apologize for all the inconvenient throughout the story. (Personally, I am not that cruel. Lil Thing is my animal spirit.) 
The story after this will be Bonus Chapters and Side Stories of each character. There is nothing major will happen, since the main story has come to end. I will reduce it to one Chapter a day. 
In the bonus Chapter, I will focus on Iris and Cane little family, while the Side Stories will focus on each side character (their back story before the main story or their story after this war. Since, I can’t write them and squeeze their stories into the main plot.) 
I hope you enjoy these Chapters. (Treat this as a therapy and my apology for the trauma. ^^) 
Last but not least, please support my new story if you like my imagination of werewolf story: Replacement Bride of the Alpha From the North. 
Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart.
###Chapter 940: THE FINAL BATTLE (6)
Chapter 940: THE FINAL BATTLE (6)
"Will!" Hanna called for Will, she tried to get his focus on her. She crouched down in front of him to block his sight, so he could stop staring fearfully at Osana. "Will! It’s okay! It’s okay!" 
Yes, that was Osana. The forgotten princess that was not important enough for anyone to remember her. 
Will thought he was already over what happened in the past, but the sight of her simply brought back the memory. He felt like he was recalling what happened a year ago. Every detail of it flashed before his eyes. 
"Will! Please!" Hanna was anxious. They were in the middle of a battle, if Will was having a mental breakdown now, they could die from the attack of the monsters. Thankfully, some of the warriors came to their aid and protect them, but it wouldn’t be enough. "Focus on me! Focus on me!" 
Will shook his head, as if he was trying his best to compose himself. He focused his sense on Hanna’s touch and her voice. 
"I am here! I am here! You are not alone!" Hanna had to raise her voice because the loud commotion and menacing roars around them were very deafening, not to mention the rain that kept pouring down. "It’s okay, Will. It’s okay." 
Hanna pressed his head against her chest and patted his back. Her eyes looked around her sharply, in alert just in case the monsters managed to go through the warriors and attacked them in their vulnerable moment. 
But at the same time, Hanna could see the lycan was fighting Osana. Specifically. 
There was a valid reason why Lu attacked her. Because he knew something that they didn’t. No. Rei knew about this too, but for some reason, he didn’t act on this knowledge. 
He omitted this fact when he talked about the gates of hell. It shouldn’t be a surprise, since he was full of lies and shits. 
Lu would be standing on the first line when everything had settled and the war had ended, to kill Rei with his own barehand. The lycan was not sure what kind of game that Rei was playing and even though he appeared defending Iris, he was not as aggressive as he showed to the people when he fought Decratic. 
His determination to finish off Decratic was questionable. 
A critical information that Rei failed to inform them when he explained about the gates of hell was the fact it needed a sacrifice, just like any other black magic. This was one of the reasons why black magic was prohibited, because it literally costed other people’s lives. 
The gates of hell was like a portal that connected to a realm full of monsters. 
The first time the gates of hell was opened was during Na’s lifetime. She was the one, who shielded it and separated the two realms. Lu was not sure how it really worked, but Na told him in detail about it. 
’The black rain will taint the ground and opened the gates of hell, the dark sky is part of a series of events, where the extinct creature from the past will be revived again.’ 
That was what Rei said, but in truth, there was this last step. 
There would be four people that you could call as the pillars of the gates. You would need these four people to sustain the gates of hell. 
But, it was not random people, but the one that had been nurtured by dark magic. Exposed to it, which required a lot of time. Simply said, to open the gates of hell, was a very long term plan. We didn’t talk about a year or two, but decades of plan. 
Na taught Lu how to differentiate people, who had been reeked by dark magic and met all the requirements to be the pillar. 
And Lu saw one. 
It was the forgotten princess Osana. She was still alive, but because of the curse that Haco put on her, she had to trade her life for it. She was nothing, but one of Decratic’s pawns. She survived the turmoil in the palace when Alan killed all of his siblings, so no one could contest his claim. 
However, in return, Osana had to give up her life to be Decratic’s. She was one of the pillars and Lu recognized her among the monsters. 
She was not a shifter, but you couldn’t call her a magic user. It was also still uncertain whether she was actually alive or not. 
Because no matter how brutal the cursed creature was attacking her, she would heal very quickly and her body part would grow again, when it was being torn. 
Lu was very disgusted by this. The aftermath of the black magic repulsed him more and more. What kind of creature Osana had become at this point? 
The lycan stopped attacking the woman for a while, as he used his black wisp to ward off the attack from the monsters around him that interfered with his fight with Osana. The lycan looked like he was deep in thought, thinking of a way to get rid this disgusting woman. 
And when his eyes fell on Lou, who was fighting the monsters along with the other warriors, he was thinking to try something. 
Therefore, the lycan used its black wisp to get the merchant. 
"Hm?" Lou frowned when he saw the black wisp that wrapped around his waist. He was familiar with this, but before he could comprehend what happened, his body had hurled in the air and he landed on his butt next to the lycan. "What the heck!?" he groaned, he felt like he broke his tailbone. "Can’t you be more gentle with me?! What do you want?!" 
Lou had seen Osana, but because he had nothing to do with this woman and the lycan had handled her just fine, he didn’t think much of it, but now this lycan actually got him here. There must be something that he wanted. 
"What? Do you want me to fight her?" Lou didn’t understand what this lycan wanted. "If you couldn’t even fight her, how can I stand a chance?" He was frustrated, because he didn’t understand what this lycan wanted. "Can’t you shift into your human form? This is really frustrating!" 
However, Lou startled when the lycan cut a Nefilim into half in one swift move of his black wisp. He corrected his tone and became more polite. 
"Please..." Lou grimaced. He couldn’t understand why this lycan wanted to fight Osana when he could literally kill all of these monsters and became a great help for them. 
Thankfully, as the night came to end and the sun started to appear on the horizon, the lycan shifted into his human form and it was Cane that the merchant was facing. 
"Thank heaven, it’s you!" Lou said joyfully when he saw Cane’s black eyes. He had learned this from Iris that you could differentiate them by the color of their eyes. "I am glad to have you back!" 
At this point, Lou seemed to be more happy to see Cane than him seeing Iris, because he had never been so relief like this when he saw Iris, but he did feel this for Cane. 
The rain was still pouring down, but now the sky had started to be less gloomy. 
"What do you want me to do? I don’t understand you," Lou said. It would be easier to communicate with Cane when he was in his human form. 
"Use the same energy that you used to destroy the spiderling on her," Cane said. If his guess was right, then it would work. Lu shared this knowledge with him during their transition. 
"Oh, do you mean the divine power from Iris?" Lou asked to be sure that he didn’t misinterpret his instruction. 
As Iris’s chosen protectors and bore the birthmark that was a symbol of his duty for Iris, Lou had a little amount of her divine power. It could be said all of them was able to use divine power into some extent and this ability only they figured out recently. 
"Why don’t you use it? Ops. My bad. Forgot that you didn’t have it." Lou avoided Cane’s angry glare. No one knew whether he mentioned it because he genuinely forgot or the merchant simply wanted to mock the alpha, telling him indirectly that he was better than him. "Okay. Will do it. Can you hold her still. you must don’t know about this, but it required full concentration and you couldn’t distract me no matter what." 
It felt good to be able to instruct Cane of what to do, after he accepted countless task from this alpha. 
Cane narrowed his eyes and said nothing, as he tried to get Osana. The woman looked horrendous to say the least. She looked very enrage, but there was no word that came from her mouth. 
But, if you took a closer look, you would be able to see the reason. It was because someone had stitched her mouth. They didn’t even want to waste their time to think, who had done it. Those people were immoral to begin with. 
"Dang! Can’t you catch her!" Lou raised his brows when the black wisp missed its target because apparently Osana could move so fast. Her dress had been torn and it showed her thighs and some of her intimate part when she moved. "Euh. Can’t they give her a proper dress for a war? Like no dress?" 
Cane glanced at him. The alpha seemed to have an extra patient when he faced this merchant’s mouth. 
"What? I need to concentrate. You don’t know how difficult to control this power because you don’t have it." He became more confidence when it was Cane. 
But, instead, Cane used his black wisp to wrap Lou’s body and his mouth, leaving only his eyes to see. He used the same black wisp to create a shield around him, so a nefilim wouldn’t be able to crush him under its feet or the other monster attacked him, while Cane shifted into his black beast and dashed away to get Osana. 
This woman’s speed reminded him of Rei. Both of them moved so fast, though Osana was not as fast as him, thus Cane was still be able to catch her. 
Meanwhile, the man that Cane compared to Osana had managed to control enough monsters to fight their own kind, where he and his people could take a breath. 
Once everything was under control in his end, Rei immediately approached Iris. She still had this shield of protection around her, which made him unable to get close to her. 
"Are you, okay?" Rei asked from outside of the protection. "Come with me, I will protect you. We will destroy Decratic together." Rei stretched out his hand with a gentle smile on his lips. "I know that you are angry with me because I killed the shifters, but they are not your people, Na. We are your people." He waved his hands toward the people from the Holy kingdom. "Come with me, I will keep you safe. We are going to take down Decratic together." 
However, there was no response from Iris. She stared at his stretched out hand and what she was thinking was how great it was if she could cut this hand off. She wondered if he could grow his hand again if she did that? 
"You can’t hate me, Na. You know very well how your negative emotions will feed Decratic." 
Iris might not allow to have hatred toward Rei, but Ethan was different. His feeling was irrelevant and the more he heard about what this man said, the more he felt sick. Not to mention, this man was the one, who responsible for the death of so many warriors and how he almost lost Aliana. 
In his rage, no one expected this when Ethan dashed out of the protection shield and clawed Rei’s face. 
******** 
Hi, author here. Firstly, I want to thank you for supporting this story. I truly appreciate all the comment (I read them all even when I didn’t reply) and all of your support in any form you can show me. 
And just like every beginning, we come to the end of the story. (what a wonderful journey that I have with you all!) 
Secondly, I want to apologize for all the inconvenient throughout the story. (Personally, I am not that cruel. Lil Thing is my animal spirit.) 
The story after this will be Bonus Chapters and Side Stories of each character. There is nothing major will happen, since the main story has come to end. I will reduce it to one Chapter a day.
In the bonus Chapter, I will focus on Iris and Cane little family, while the Side Stories will focus on each side character (their back story before the main story or their story after this war. Since, I can’t write them and squeeze their stories into the main plot.) 
I hope you enjoy these Chapters. (Treat this as a therapy and my apology for the trauma. ^^) 
Last but not least, please support my new story if you like my imagination of werewolf story: Replacement Bride of the Alpha From the North. 
Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart.
###Chapter 941: THE FINAL BATTLE (7)
Chapter 941: THE FINAL BATTLE (7)
The black beast moved very swiftly among the monsters, as he chased down princess Osana. She moved so fast, stumbled a few times, but the monsters seemed to avoid her. 
Cane learned about these pillars from Lu’s knowledge and if Osana was one of the pillars, he wondered, who were the other three. 
From what Lu knew, they had to kill the four pillars in order to close the gates of hell. 
Meanwhile, the crack on the ground was getting bigger, where the monsters emerged endlessly. With the number of the warriors they had, they wouldn’t last long. More so, they couldn’t rely for any help from the people from the Holy Kingdom. 
It almost felt like a three way battle for their side, where they were the disadvantage one. 
Lou was still struggling with the black wisp that tied him down, it seemed Cane was taking his revenge on him for his mocking. Thankfully, the alpha was reasonable enough to add extra layer of protection, so the monsters couldn’t kill him. 
Still, it was not a great experience to taste when you were being helpless and was unable to defend yourself in such dangerous situation. 
Damn you, Cane! 
On the other hand, the black beast was still chasing down Osana. She swiftly moved among the monsters and jumped over the crack on the ground, which now was around two meters wide. 
The black beast followed and when he looked down, he could see red flames from the underground. His fur was actually burned when he made this jump, as the heat was suffocating enough to make you lose your focus for a while. 
On the other side of this cliff, the monsters flocked the area, fighting against one another and Cane was having even more a hard time to be able to get Osana. 
But suddenly, something jumped onto Osana’s face and burned her. It wouldn’t kill the woman, because Lu had proved it that this woman’s ability to heal was even greater than shifter, but surely, it was enough to make her stop running away and gave Cane time to get a grip on her. 
The lizard then jumped off Osana’s face once the black wisp from the alpha wrapped her body. The lizard actually had been in this side, but the monsters didn’t bother it. Once it finished its task, the lizard when to climb the black beast back and settled there. 
The black beast glanced at it, but didn’t shake it off. Well, you could say the pet followed the owner’s habit. 
With Osana within his grasp, Cane had to fight his way back to jump over the cliff, while taking her with him. He couldn’t destroy her, but divine power might be able to do it. 
"Kill her," Cane said after he shifted back into his human form and freed Lou. 
"You don’t need to be so rough with me, you know." Lou dusted his clothes. He gave his red cloak to Ethan and wondered if he would get it back. 
"The lycan should have taken Cezi, instead of you." Cane seemed to lose his patient with this merchant. 
"Fine, fine. I will do it." Lou waved his hand and then used the divine power that he had and began the process like he did when he destroyed the spiderlings within the shifters’ bodies. "She looked awful." 
Suddenly, from behind them, there was a honey brown beast that jumped toward Osana. It happened too fast and they didn’t expect this. 
The honey brown beast clamped Osana’s face between its fang and ripped it apart. Surely, the woman widened her eyes in shocked. 
However, a moment later, her skin grew and within less than half a minute, she was already healed, her face returned to normal, yet the honey brown beast didn’t stop its assault. 
From the look of it, even though Osana’s ability to heal was very fast, but it didn’t spare her from pain. 
"Well... that’s brutal." Lou tilted his head. "Should we stop him?" 
The honey brown beast was Will. He snapped from his fear and now he let loose his beast instinct to get the revenge he deserved. 
From behind them, there was a smaller beast grey beast that approached them. It was Hanna, she shifted in time to witness that. She could feel the pain and anger from him. 
"No. Let him have his time." Cane watched how Will vented out his anger and disgust onto Osana and if there was one good thing that you could get from her undying body, it would be; Will could persecute her for as long as he wanted. She wouldn’t die anyway, but she wouldn’t immune to pain. 
Princess Osana was no longer young anymore, but she always put a great effort on her appearance. If she knew that one day he would turn out like this, where you couldn’t differentiate her from a monster, she would have bawled her eyes out. 
Or the fact the young man that she had assaulted was tormenting her, skinned her alive right now, she wouldn’t have let Will go easily. 
More so, since her mouth was being stitched, she couldn’t make a sound, aside from a weak gurgling sound from her throat. 
"Okay, okay. That’s enough." Lou glanced at Hanna. "Get him, okay. I need to end that thing. Alpha’s order." 
Hanna immediately approached Will, it took a little bit persuasion from her before she could get him off Osana and Lou did what he needed to do, but neither he nor Cane expected what would happen next. 
Osana’s body cracked, her skin turned like a barren land in summer. There was no blood. Her eyes opened wide, as if she was in a great pain. She must have never felt this agony in her entire life. She couldn’t even scream. 
And after that, her body burst and crumbled. Hanna averted her gaze, but Will didn’t even blink when he watched how Osana met her demise. There was no satisfaction or happiness. Will didn’t feel anything. 
But Lou suddenly vomited blood. He knelt down and clasped his chest, as he breathed raggedly. 
"What is it?" Cane asked with a frown. He looked down at him, while the lizard rested on his shoulder. 
"Backlash," Lou said breathlessly. "Damn it. I have never had a backlash before." He shook his head to compose himself. 
Cane didn’t understand with that term or what the consequences of that, he only cared about one thing. "Are you, okay?" 
"Yeah, I am fine." 
"Good. Follow me." 
Lou cursed under his breath. "Can’t you be more sincere when you asked about my wellbeing?" He stood up and followed Cane, but he found it difficult to use his power because of the backlash earlier. 
Cane noticed that and he used his black wisp to ward off the monsters from the merchant. 
The alpha had to gather the warriors. They wouldn’t be able to fight all of this monsters. They needed to move away from here. Rei used this monster and put them under the illusion, so he could control them, but no one in his side could do that. 
Therefore, Cane had to change his strategy. He looked around him and instructed Cezi and Jace to bring all the people away from there. By this time, they had lost half of the warriors that they could save, which meant, only a quarter of them that survived from their initial number. 
"Where are you going?" Cezi asked, when he saw Cane moved toward different direction. 
Cane stared at his palm. He saw the dot that Lou gave to him. He asked this when he learned that he gave the same thing to Iris. 
"I will meet you later." 
Cezi and Jace then brought the warriors away from the second fortress of the Red Claw pack, but the people from the Holy Kingdom moved toward the opposite of them. 
With the monsters that were under Rei’s control, it was easier for them to fight these monsters that kept attacking them. The dragon alone was enough to demolish a big amount of them. 
But right now, Rei was having a hard time with Ethan. The gamma clawed his face and he didn’t have time to dodge it. 
Blue blood splattered on the ground, but the rain washed it away, while above them the sky had turned brighter with the light of the sun. 
"I am going to kill you!" Ethan growled. He shifted into his beast and didn’t miss a beat when he attacked Rei. 
Because Ethan clawed his face, Rei lost his vision for a while and the brown wolf managed to bit a big chunk of his shoulder, but before he could go on with the attack, a spider devil came to attack the wolf. 
Iris immediately stood up, she was not going to let that creature to kill Ethan, but by doing so, she had to leave Aliana alone.
"Ethan!" Iris called his name. "Get down!" 
Ethan got down as per her instruction and she used her black wisp to cut the spider devil into half, splashed the wolf in blue blood from the creature. 
Because the black wisp initially was not Iris’s power and she wasn’t used to using this, she couldn’t really rely on it. 
The brown beast was ready to attack Rei again when he saw a spider devil came approaching Aliana, ready to wrap her into that fucking cocoon again. 
Therefore, Ethan changed his direction, but Iris was faster to create a protection shield around Aliana, where it killed the spider devil when it tried to touch it. 
"Enough!" Rei roared. He stood up, covering his face with one hand, but when he put his hand down, you could see the wound had healed. His healing ability was even greater than those shifters. How could that happen? Wouldn’t he need a ritual or something, just like what Abby explained to them, in order to heal from such wound? "We don’t have time to fight against each other! Our enemy is Decratic! I am here to help you!" 
The brown beast growled dangerously to hear the audacity of what Rei said. 
"Na. You need to see around you. Without my people, you will not be able to fight these monsters! Without me, you will not be able to fight Decratic!" 
In a way, what Rei said was right. He weakened the shifters and now if they really wanted to win this war, they had to accept his help. 
However, accepting his help felt like a betrayal for those warriors, who died because of him. 
"Come with me, Na. Together, we will kill Decratic. Getting rid of him once and for all." Rei stretched out his hand toward Iris again. He looked at her expectantly. "You don’t have any other choice, Na. Let’s do it together, like the old days." 
Rei stretched out his hand, but all of sudden Cane appeared from behind his back and clawed his chest. His claws pierced his body from his back and the alpha hurled him to the ground. 
Blue blood oozed out from a big hole on his chest and Rei gasped in pain. 
This attack was sudden and Cane appeared out of nowhere, which made the spider devil that protected him didn’t have time to react. 
Ethan was surprised to see Cane suddenly appeared, but Iris didn’t. She knew how he could do it and when the spider devils were about to attack them, Iris took care of these pests. 
She still had a lot of hatred in her heart, but she could control herself better, which in extent, controlling her divine power. 
Cane walked toward her and caressed her cheek. "Good job." She proved it that she could protect herself. 
Meanwhile, Rei already stood up and the wound on his chest was already closed. 
Cane narrowed his eyes. This was not the first time he saw this astonishing healing ability. In truth, he just witnessed one earlier.
###Chapter 942: THE LAST BATTLE (8)
Chapter 942: THE LAST BATTLE (8)
Cane could tell there was something more when it came to Rei. This man full of bullshit and mystery, which unfortunately, it was hard to discover. 
"You need to stop this," Rei said. He looked fine now, even though a few second ago he was greatly wounded by Cane. His healing ability was insane. "I am not your enemy. I am here to help you to destroy Decratic. If you kept attacking me, do you think you can do it without me? Look around and you will know." 
This time, Rei talked to Cane. He hated the sight of how he put his hand around Iris’s waist. He wanted to cut his hand off. But, he couldn’t do it now. There would be the right time to do so. 
"You are still very much alive. Stop whining and tell me what is your plan," Cane replied, he didn’t feel an ounce of sympathy. He acted like what he had done was no more than a slap on the wrist. 
Rei looked very upset, but he masked it very well. If that was how Cane wanted to act, he would follow suit. 
Right at that time, something white rushed toward them, Rei would have knocked to the side if he didn’t dodge it in time and this big fur ball made a bee line toward Iris. 
"Lil Thing!" Iris was happy to see this lazy bear. It seemed, it had gone through rough fight against the monster. It would have covered in blood and dust if it was not for the rain that kept pouring down. 
Iris was grateful Lil Thing was alright. She hugged it, while the bear nuzzled her face, wiggling its little, almost non existence, tail. 
"We will enter their second fortress," Rei said to get the attention back to him, since from the look of it, no one paid him any mind when this white bear came. "You will not be able to enter the second fortress without my help." 
Seeing their current situation, Rei was right. They needed him for his power. They wouldn’t be able to go through these monsters without his power to turn the monster on his side. He controlled them by using illusion. 
Meanwhile, if Cane wanted to use the same method, he would need Iris to purify them from dark magic first before he used Lu’s ability to control the monster. But the step where Iris had to purify so many monsters under the black magic that Cane didn’t want to take. 
It was already a miracle that their babies were still fine even after everything that Iris went through, probably because the fact their babies were shifter this time, thus they were rather stronger, even when they were still in their mother’s womb. 
"You took us to their mines earlier, why can’t you do the same thing now?" Iris glared at him when she asked this question. 
Rei shook his head. "You injured me, Na. Remember? I can take you and I through the second fortress, but without any forces, it will only be a suicide move." More so, Rei used his power for something else. 
"I am not Na." 
Yet, Rei didn’t listen to that. He turned deaf ear whenever Iris corrected him. 
"Come, we will go through the second fortress and see what behind it. The monsters under my control will breakthrough soon, I am sure Decratic is behind the second fortress." Rei waved his hand and a dragon landed beside him. 
The presence of this gargantuan creature shook the ground and Iris almost lost her balance if it was not for Cane, who steadied her. 
"Come with me. I will take you there," Rei said, once again stretched out his hand for Iris. 
Cane looked at his gamma. "Take Aliana to the south, you will meet with the other there." 
Thankfully, Lil Thing was there, so this white bear could help with Aliana and Ethan. But, it came for Iris, only to be away from her again. 
Ethan shifted back into his human form. "Come on, Lil Thing, help me." 
Lil Thing whimpered. It nuzzled Iris’s stomach and after a few scratches behind its ear, it went away to follow Ethan. 
Rei narrowed his eyes at this creature. He didn’t notice it before, but now he was interested in Lil Thing. "Come with me, Na." Rei shifted his attention back to iris, asking her to take the dragon with him. 
However, Iris had different idea, so did Cane. 
The alpha shifted into his black beast and Iris naturally climbed on his back, sitting down comfortable, while holding onto its soft fur. She looked like an expert when it came to this. 
"You really wanted to make things difficult," Rei said under his breath, as he watched how the black beast dashed forward, using its black wisp to clear the way. 
It wouldn’t be too hard for Cane to reach the second fortress if he only needed to dodge the monsters, but the black wisp was needed in order for him not to make a sudden movement to avoid the monster and risked Iris from falling off its back. 
It was not as efficient as riding on the dragon’s back, but neither Cane nor Iris wanted to have any interaction with Rei. It would be very stupid of them if they trusted this man, even though they were fighting the same cause. 
Above them, the dragon cleared the way, by breathing fire at the monsters in front of the black beast, made it easier for them to go through. 
Meanwhile, the pure faction and the monsters under Rei’s control brought up the rear, charged forward toward the second fortress. 
Aside from the black beast, you couldn’t see any shifter in sight. All the warriors had retreated and as per Cane’s instruction, they had to stay away from this until further notice. 
On the black beast’s back, Iris noticed something moving behind her and when she tilted her head to see what was that, she saw her lizard. It seemed, this lizard had been with Cane and they didn’t notice it. 
Iris remembered that the previous Serafim used this lizard during a war against monster too, more than fifty years ago, thus its presence right now would be help them. 
Iris reached her lizard and kept it saved under her cloak. 
Soon after they could see the second fortress and by using the Nefilim that stood close by to propel itself up, the black beast used the dragon as its second stepping stone to jump over the high wall. 
Rei hissed in annoyance to see this. 
Meanwhile, Iris was fine. She glanced at Rei on the dragon’s back and her lips lilt into a mocking smile, because she knew what Rei must be thinking right now. 
Not so long, they could hear the loud crashing sound, as the monsters under Rei’s control fought against the other monsters, they stood by the fortress, while the magic users and knights entered the second fortress. 
These monsters became a canon fodder to hold back those monsters that kept appearing from the huge crack on the ground. But behind the second fortress, there was something more that had been waiting for them. 
Alpha Dex and the warriors from the Red Claws pack, along with a few black magic users were there to greet them and also Dexter. 
Dexter led his own black magic users with him. His eyes fixed on the dragon and suddenly this magnificent creature writhed in pain and crashed to the ground, thrown Rei away. 
"How dare you to take my dragon?" Dexter said menacingly. He looked scarier than the last time they met. It seemed, all the hatred and black magic he had within him combusted and he was nothing, but the epitome of the devil. 
Dexter waved his hand and the dragon was free from the illusion, as it turned around to attack Rei. 
However, by this time, Rei had stood up and he was ready for this. He raised his hand and clenched his fists. 
At the same time, the dragon burst, as countless spiderlings emerged from its body. 
"This creature is not bad," Rei said under his breath to see the look of shock on Dexter’s face, which later turned into rage because the last dragon had been destroyed. 
The black beast moved back to avoid the spiderlings that crawled on the ground. This creature was very small, only as big as your thumb, but there were thousand, if it was not million of them, as if the dragon’s flesh had turned into it. 
Iris grimaced, she felt like she wanted to vomit. She was not afraid of spider, but after all of this, she was sure, she would develop this fear. She felt like they were crawling on her skin. 
Meanwhile, the lizard jumped down from the black beast’s back and breathed fire on these little disgusting things, burned them all. But, of course, it was not enough. 
Iris immediately snapped from her repulsion and created shield of protection around them, so the spiderlings couldn’t come nearby. 
They would be dead once they touched her shield, since they were filled with black magic. 
The rain slowly stopped and iris got off the black beast’s back, as her lizard went back toward her. She cradled the creature, while Cane shifted back into his human form. 
"Are you, okay?" Cane asked. Concern dripped in his voice when he caressed her cheek. His mate drenched from head to toe and he was worried about her condition. 
"Yes, I am fine." Iris caressed her stomach. She could feel the babies were moving actively and one of the little lights nipped on Cane’s ear, while the other moved around. They looked more than fine. 
If anything, Iris was grateful that they were shifter, since she heard shifters were stronger, even when they were fetus. 
Cane gritted his teeth. He didn’t want to take her here and exposed her to danger, but at the same time, Iris was the main point to end this craziness. They were not be able to do it without her. 
"Stay close with me, okay?" 
Iris nodded. She clasped her hand with his. "I will. I will always be close to you. Together, we will see the end of this." 
Iris felt better. She was scared, but she knew she would be able to go through this if Cane was with her. 
On the other hand, Rei created a chaos within Dexter’s rank when the spiderlings started to drill into their bodies, in which Dexter tried to prevent it. 
It didn’t take long before the fight started. This was not the fight that you had ever experience before, because both Dexter and Rei were strong magic users, while their followers fought against each other. 
Alpha Dex found his way to Cane, while his warriors fought the knights. 
"I see you rely heavily on the people from the Holy Kingdom," alpha Dex taunted. "What happened with you? I have never imagined that you will one day succumb into their hand. Are you trying to relive your slavery day?" 
Cane stared at alpha Dex, but he actually looked past him. He tried to find a way to go through this commotion and went straight to find Decratic. 
"Come with us and join us. You know that you will not be able to win this war." Alpha Dex tilted his head. "I see there is no warrior with you. Where is your force?" 
Cane narrowed his eyes, he found it an opening. 
"Noisy." Cane used the black wisp to slash alpha Dex’s face and then shifted into his black beast. 
Out of instinct, Iris immediately climbed on its back and together they penetrated the crowd. The black beast moved swiftly among the beasts, the knights and the magic users. 
Seeing this, Dexter followed the black beast too, his main target was Cane, because of what he did to Aria. He would kill this alpha!
###Chapter 943: THE FINAL BATTLE (9)
Chapter 943: THE FINAL BATTLE (9)
Using Lu’s ability, Cane could sense the second pillar in the rear line of alpha Dex’s warrior. That was when he saw Zeke. 
Rather than Dexter, Zeke was way more dangerous. He was literally Decratic’s right hand man and for him to actually show up here, could be mean that Decratic was nearby. 
Cane could feel this was a trick, or at least he was a bait, but then if he tried to lure him toward Decratic, it was not necessary, because that creature was indeed the main target. 
The black beast moved forward, faster, while Dexter and Rei were behind him. Black magic was hurled toward the beast, but Cane managed to neutralize it, which surprised Dexter, because he didn’t think the black wisp could do such thing. 
He must have not yet learned about how Cane neutralized the strong shield around Winter Moon pack. Yes, the alpha couldn’t counterattack his magic, but he could avoid it just fine. 
Meanwhile, Rei was still trying to get his hand on Dexter and stopped him in time. The problem was; he was not fast enough, which was very questionable... 
However, in the heat of this moment, no one paid attention to that fact. Cane was trying to get to Zeke and Iris drew the sixth sword. 
They were so close to get to Zeke, but this old man didn’t even budge. He stood there as if he was waiting for them to come and get him. 
This was very suspicious, but the tension and the impulse were too high to ignore this great opportunity. 
But, the alpha was on high alert. He was with his pregnant mate after all. He couldn’t let his impulsiveness put them in danger and he was right about this. 
Because when he was very close to him and they were only a step away from getting to this man, suddenly the ground was shaking and it cracked. The fissure was so deep, as a strong poisonous miasma burst from there. 
Cane used the black wisp to propel himself and avoid the fate of falling into the fissure, but he breathed the poisonous miasma enough to make his head was spinning. He was not careful enough with his approach, since he didn’t expect a poisonous miasma would appear all of sudden. 
Did Dexter control it? Was that even possible? 
"Cane, are you, okay?" Iris was worried. She immediately got off the beast’s back, once he took them to a safe place. She touched him and tried to purify the poisonous miasma from him, while Rei stood next to her. 
The last time Cane was exposed by the poisonous miasma, he fell unconscious for days. 
"Luna Iris, come with me and all of this will end." Zeke stretched out his hand to her, which reminded Iris to Rei’s offer. They had the same gesture and she hated to see that. 
"Back off, Zeke." Rei narrowed his eyes dangerously. 
"Long time no see, Rei." Zeke nodded politely at Rei. 
Both of them were talking in Andel language. 
At first, Iris was confused, but then she remembered that Zeke and Haco came from the Holy Kingdom. Haco told them that Zeke was the one, who tricked him and because of that he ended up with Lu. 
Therefore, it was not surprising if Zeke and Rei knew each other. But, how far they knew about each other’s secret? 
"I will leave after I take her with me." Zeke patted his son, as Dexter stood beside him. meanwhile, around fifty people came behind them. They didn’t look like they were a magic user, because the magic user on their side must have performed black magic and Iris didn’t feel it from them. 
However, it didn’t mean she didn’t feel this bad feeling came from them. They were not a good news. 
"You must be dreaming if you thought you can take her with you." Rei stood in front of Cane and Iris, as if he was protecting them. "She is mine." 
Zeke clicked his tongue. "Does she even want to go with you?" 
"Do you think I want to go with you too?" Iris used the same language as them, she was annoyed, they talked about taking her here and there. Did they really think she would go with them willingly? How stupid they were? "It will be nice if you can kill each other and give me less headache." 
Cane would be snickering if he could understand what they were talking about, but the alpha was exceptionally quiet this time, yet Iris did not suspect anything, because Cane was always like that whenever he observed the situation. 
Only if she knew what he was seeing right now... 
Zeke tilted his head when Iris spoke, he was not offended, in fact, he was smiling at her. "It had been a while, since the last time we met each other. Unfortunately, every time we met, it would be in this chaotic situation." 
"Where is Decratic?" Iris asked. 
"Don’t worry. I will bring you to him. You only need to follow me," Zeke said gently. "He has been waiting for you." 
"Tell him to come to see me in person." 
Zeke shook his head, his voice sounded regretful. "That’s not how we did it. Currently my lord is too weak to see you in person." 
"In that case, he needs to bring his minion away from this place." 
Once again, Zeke shook his head. There was this the second fissure on the ground between them. It separated where they were standing. 
From this fissure, emerged this poisonous miasma. The red smoke filled the air and if Iris didn’t do anything about it, it would poison all the people on their side. The knights wouldn’t be able to stand it for long. 
However, the red smoke from the poisonous miasma looked different in Cane’s eyes. 
Once again, she saw her. At first, her figure was not clear, but right now he could see her as clear as the last time. 
Leane. 
She was staring at him. She was very much pregnant. Behind her was the fire. The red smoke from the poisonous miasma was burning flames in Cane’s eyes. 
It burned so bright, as if it was a symbolize of Leane’s anger. 
’You are with her... how could you be with her? Have you forgotten what her father had done to me? What her father had done to our child? How could you be with her? You can be with anyone, but why did you choose her?’ 
Leane’s voice was trembling, her hands balled into fists when she stared at Cane with so much hatred. 
’You chose her. The daughter of person, who had killed me and your firstborn.’ Leane bit her lip. She placed her hand over her stomach. ’And you are happy with her. You even impregnated her. Don’t you feel any shame for yourself?’ 
Cane watched the flames behind Leane burned brighter, it almost felt like he was surrounded by this fire. There was no one else, except the two of them. 
This amount of fire was what the lycan saw when the people burned him alive and he couldn’t fight back because of his promise to Na. 
When Lu was burned, all he could see was fire. This flames that drowned him. He was surrounded by fire. 
But then, Cane saw him. Mason. He was standing next to him. His hand stretched out. He wanted to touch him. 
Out of instinct, Cane growled. He clawed his hand and watched how he was bleeding, but it didn’t get rid of the smile on his face. He was smiling at him mockingly. 
’Do you remember how she died?’ Mason asked, nodded at Leane. ’She is screaming so pathetically. But, you are more pathetic because you couldn’t do anything.’ 
Cane was enraged, he was seeing red. All he wanted was to kill this man, tore his body apart and made sure that he wouldn’t be able to speak a single word anymore. 
In his rage, Cane attacked Mason with the intention to kill him! 
Meanwhile, behind the second fortress, where the monsters under Rei’s control guarded the gates, the fissure on the ground was getting bigger. It almost looked like a cliff had been created there. Red smoke of poisonous miasma emerged, so did the monsters. 
Right now, this area filled with monsters, even these creatures fought against each other. There was no way to go through them and then survived. 
Jace and the other warriors were cut off completely from Cane and Iris and they didn’t know what happened to the two of them. 
The only information they could get was from Ethan, who told them that the alpha and the luna went into the second fortress. 
"What should we do now?" Cezi frowned. He was trying to think of a way, but he couldn’t find any solution for this. They met with dead end. 
"I am not sure." Jace stared at the distance, where they watched how the monsters kept emerging from the fissure. "If this kept going, the whole continent will be filled with monsters." 
"We need to close the fissure," Ethan said. He looked like himself again when he was sure Aliana was no longer in dangerous situation. 
Though a little bit weak, but Aliana had regained her consciousness now. 
"Yeah, easier said than done," Lou chimed in. He crouched down, playing with three fire magic stones between his fingers. "The problem is; how?" 
"You are the sorcerer here, you should have more knowledge about it," Redmond said. He crossed his arms in front of his chest. 
"Oh, please... I am a merchant." Lou rolled his eyes. He always preferred to be recognized as a merchant instead of a magic user. 
Joel stood next to Zale, while Zephyr and Kian stared at the distance. There were only left with around three thousand warriors, eleven magic users and less than two hundred merchants, who obviously, couldn’t fight in this war. 
"This is only getting worse..." Lou scratched the back of his head. "More so... I am not the only magic users here, if there is someone, who knew more about this, it must be her." He nodded at Abby. 
All of them stared at Abby now Lou mentioned her name and put her in the spotlight. 
"Can’t you think of a way of how to handle this, or any useful information?" Redmond asked, his voice was a little bit agitated. In his eyes, this Serafim was really useless. 
Abby lowered her head in ashamed. "I don’t know." The words were so heavy. She felt like she failed once again. 
"Hm? What is that?" Zale suddenly noticed something. The rain was still pouring down, but there was something not usual in the distance. A flock of something dark that came toward them. 
Hearing Zale’s voice, all of the averted their attention from Abby and followed Zale’s pointed finger. There was something that came to their way. 
"Crows!" Kian said. "That’s the crows!" 
"At time like this?!" Zephyr growled. 
It was still fresh in their mind about the attack from the crows and if in the past they could take shelter inside the pack house, in the open area like this, where they should go? 
They were going to die if they stayed here, but there would be enough time for them to runaway. 
"Fuck! Fuck!" Lou cursed under his breath. If they couldn’t take shelter and runaway, there was only one solution. He needed to use the shield to protect them all. "Can you put up a shield around us?!" He growled at Abby. 
"I- I am not sure how long I can put it up," Abby replied honestly. She could feel her stomach was getting uncomfortable. She had pushed herself to her limit. 
"Damn it!" Lou cursed again. He could put up the shield around them, but the problem was; he just got a backlash... it would be dangerous for him to strain his magic.
###Chapter 944: THE FINAL BATTLE (10)
Chapter 944: THE FINAL BATTLE (10)
Lou got a backlash when he killed Osana. He could feel how his energy ran wildly within his body and even though he didn’t show it, but he was not in the condition, where he could use his magic freely, let alone to create a massive protection shield for all of them for a long time. 
With his current condition, he wouldn’t be able to pull it through. 
"Lou, they are coming," Ethan said. His eyes fixed at the flock of crows that came toward their direction. "Lou, why didn’t you put up the shield yet?" 
"I can’t." 
"You have the magic stones with you, no?" Redmond came over. He pointed at the three magic stones between his fingers. "What do you mean you can’t?" 
Lou scratched his head and he ordered for the remaining eleven magic users to gather around him. They were not trained magic users. If anything, their skill mostly only average, which wouldn’t be enough to put up the protection shield for long. 
More so, three fire magic stones wouldn’t last for long too if they had to put up the shield in an uncertain duration of time. 
Lou then explained of his backlash and why it wouldn’t work. 
"You have at least an hour to go as far as you can and find a shelter. I can only hold it that long." Lou glanced at the crows that were getting closer to them. He cursed under his breath again. He didn’t believe it, it would be the end of him. Life was suck. 
"I don’t want to do it!" One of the magic users protested. He shook his head. "I will not stay!" 
"If we have to stay behind, it meant we are going to die once we ran out of power? No! I don’t want to do it!" The other chimed and soon after the rest of the magic users refused to do it and a second later, there was this argumentation between the magic users and the merchant, the warriors also voiced out what they were thinking. 
"Enough!" Lou said. The sound of their bickering was hurting his ears. Their point of contention for not wanting to stay was because they were going to die if they stayed to put up the protection shield. "All of you go! I will stay!" 
"What? Are you crazy? Is that suicide?" Ethan threw back the red cloak that Lou lent it to him. 
"I told you to wash it first before you returned it." Lou didn’t look happy to see his dirty, red cloak. 
"The fuck with the cloak, Lou! Are you going to die?" 
Lou waved his hands nonchalantly. "Don’t think too much. Do you think I am generous enough to die for all of you? You overvalued yourself." 
Ethan was annoyed by this merchant, yet he couldn’t help, but worried. "How do you plan to fight those crows?" 
"Well. I have my own way. I am a magic user. I know something that you don’t." 
"I thought you are a merchant." Ethan referred to the way Lou called himself less than an hour ago. 
Some of them argued that Lou had to go with them after creating a wall of protection, but Lou told them that was not how it worked, because if he was away from the shield he created, it would weaken the shield and in his current condition, it became even more impossible. 
"Go. Go. Shoo. Shoo." Lou waved his hand impatiently. "You are wasting your time and my energy." And after that, Lou took a deep breath and created a wall of protection, which prevented the crows from going through. "GO NOW!" 
Couldn’t argue with him anymore and because the situation was critical, they didn’t have any other choice, but to leave Lou there. 
Ethan took the red cloak that he threw earlier and helped Aliana to runaway from that place. 
The roars of monsters and the sound of when the crows made a collision against the protection walls was rather scary. Soon, you would be able to see how many the crows were. 
Thousand? Million? There were a lot of them and their number only kept increasing, as they emerged from the fissure just like the other monsters. 
Seeing the gravity of the situation, all of them started to move, leaving Lou alone to hold back the crows for them. 
When Lou thought, he was alone, he felt something nudged his back and when he glanced to his left side, he saw the lazy bear was sitting there. Lil Thing blinked its eyes innocently before it decided to sprawl on the ground. 
"What are you doing here?" Lou narrowed his eyes. "Go. You will be killed if you stayed with me." 
Yet, Lil Thing yawned and wiggled its body, seemingly didn’t listen to what Lou told it to do. The merchant wanted it to go with the other warriors, but the white bear didn’t listen. It stayed there with him. 
"Well, thank you for the company then," Lou finally said, tired to shoo this bear away, but it didn’t budge an inch. "I will treat you something nice if we can survive this. How it sounds?" 
Lil Think only blinked its emerald eyes and continued to become lazy. 
"Well, at least I am not alone." Lou lifted his head and watched how the crows had covered the whole wall of protection that he created. 
Once it broke, Lou wondered if he would feel the pain when they tore his body apart. He only hoped it wouldn’t be too painful. He hated to be in pain. He recalled the core memory when he was little, watching his mother was being burned because she was a witch. 
At that time, in Karam continent, a magic user was a sin. They disliked magic user and tended to kill them or not to torture them. Only a few years back that they started to accept magic user, even so they still used to torment them in secret and mostly, Red Claw pack provided it for them, along with shifters and children. 
If there was one continent that close to barbaric, it must be Karam continent, though it was better place compared to when Lou was little. 
"Dang. Sabian is right... I shouldn’t have entangled myself with them. Damn." Lou sat down next to Lil Thing and caressed its ear. "It’s a pity that I can’t see her anymore." He hoped everything was well in her end. 
However, it was not the case, because right now Iris was far from being well. 
Blood dripped from her arm when she stared at the black beast in disbelieve and Rei took a stance in front of her to protect her from the beast. 
Cane attacked her. 
Iris couldn’t believe that. 
He actually attacked her. Why would he do that? Iris felt the pain on her arm, but mostly anxiety. Because something must have gone wrong with Cane if he attacked her. 
Iris looked around and saw the people behind Zeke. They were not magic users, neither they were shifter, thus they must be Decratic’s follower and his follower... 
She remembered that they had a discussion about it that his followers were mind controller. Zeke and Dexter were mind controller as well. In that case, would they get to Cane? 
"Back off, Na. I will handle him." Rei shielded Iris behind his back. His eyes fixed on the beast before him. "Stay close with me." 
Right at that time, the elders came and surrounded her too, giving her their protection. 
"What are you going to do with him?" Iris was on alert. Rei had been wanting to get rid of Cane and he would use this as a perfect reason to do so. Even without any reason, he would eventually be a danger for Cane, as he justified his action to kill the shifters for his own benefit, of course, he wouldn’t let go of this golden opportunity to justify his decision. 
Rei didn’t answer her, which made Iris became even more nervous, but she didn’t have time to prod further when the black beast started to attack Rei. 
The fight was brutal. Cane used the black wisp and they moved very fast. If Rei was not blessed with the speed he had, he must have been done for. 
However, Iris was not completely safe either, because once Rei was occupied by the black beast, Dexter and Zeke, also the followers started to attack them as well. 
Some knights came for their aid, but Iris had to witness the extend of the cruelty of the mind controller. 
Just like what Rei did to the monsters, who currently guarded the second fortress, the followers of Decratic made the knight to fight against each other. 
"Don’t look at their eyes!" Elder Xarex roared, he tried to stop the assault, but it was a futile attempt, he couldn’t undo what had been done. 
Mind controller was not something that related to black magic, it was an ability. Like how shifter could shift into their beast form. Therefore, Iris was clueless of what to do. 
But her main focus right now was on Zeke and Dexter, since they were using the black magic to back up the followers, at the very least, she could do something with them. 
"Come here, follow me!" Elder Rose suddenly grabbed Iris’s hand and brought her away from the mess. 
"No." Iris swatted her hand and fought back when Dexter and Zeke attacked her with black magic, she purified it and made a counterattack with the black wisp. She gritted her teeth when her aim missed. She was not used to using this black wisp after all. 
"Come here! You can’t fight them all!" Elder Rose insisted. 
Yet, Iris swatted her hand. At this point, she didn’t trust anyone. Her only worried was Cane, who fought against Rei, but from the look of it, Dexter seemed to be more interested to fight the black beast, instead of helping his father to get Iris for Decratic. 
His hatred toward the alpha must be very great for killing Aria. When in fact, it was Iris, who had done it. 
"No! Stay away from me!" Iris threatened her with the black wisp, but Zeke suddenly attacked her again with the black magic, which upset Iris. Why the divine power couldn’t be used for an offensive attack?! 
"You can’t fight them all! We need to retreat!" Elder Rose screamed, she couldn’t care less with the threat from the black wisp. The sharpness of this thing grazed her neck and it drew blood on her skin. 
Right at that time, the ground was shaking one more time and all of them was forced to stop their fight to save themselves, as the crack started to appear. How many crack that had appeared right now? 
If this continued, even with Rei power, they wouldn’t be able to fight Decratic. No. If this kept going, the victor of this war was obvious. 
"Stop with your stubbornness and come with me!" Elder Rose snapped at Iris and then grabbed her hand again to move away from the battle, but Zeke was following closely behind them. 
Iris glance over her shoulder to see the black beast was still fighting Dexter and Rei at the same time. She wanted to rush toward him, but the pain in her arm told her that was not a good idea. Cane was being mind controlled and this made Iris’s blood boiled with anger. 
She snapped her hand from Elder Rose’s grip and turned around to face Zeke. She didn’t think about this earlier, but this man was a black magic user, as much as he was a mind controller. 
Therefore, she should be able to do that. He was no different from Rei. 
"What are you doing?!" Elder Rose widened her eyes, panic on her expression when she realized what Iris was going to do to Dexter. "Are you insane?! Are you going to kill yourself?!"
###Chapter 945: THE FINAL BATTLE (11)
Chapter 945: THE FINAL BATTLE (11)
"You will not be able to defeat him on your own!" Elder Rose almost screamed at Iris when she realized what she was going to do. 
"Scram!" Iris snapped at her. Her arm was in so much pain, so it took a lot of effort for her to push Elder Rose away from her. It only aggravated her wounds even more. 
But, because of the wound on her arm, she failed to notice the pain on her thigh. The pain didn’t last for long, it was only a sting at the very least. 
"You need to take care of your wounds first!" Elder Rose kept trying to get Iris away from harm. She had a lot of question that she wanted to ask. Even if she had to die in this war, she wouldn’t mind it as long as she got the answer that she wanted. "Come with me!" 
"Do you think I will believe you?" At this point, Iris didn’t believe anyone. She took every precaution, because not only she had to protect herself, but also the babies in her wombs. She couldn’t be more grateful that the babies were shifters, as they were strong. "You are not better than Rei and Decratic’s pawn."
After saying that, Iris pushed Elder Rose away by using the black wisp. She regretted it that she didn’t learn how to use this black wisp better because it was very useful when her divine power was very useless for offensive attack. 
"Iris!" Elder Rose fell on her back and she watched how Iris charged forward toward Zeke, the old man stared at her and was ready with his own curse. 
Decratic told him to get this woman alive, but he didn’t say anything about injured her. As long as she was alive, it didn’t matter how her condition. Therefore, Zeke didn’t hold back when he hit her with a strong black magic when Iris came for him. 
However, one thing that he didn’t expect was; Iris could absorb the black magic the moment it touched her. 
"Impossible..." Zeke remembered what Decratic said, but it seemed, even Decratic didn’t expect this woman became very strong like this. 
They knew Iris could purify the black magic, that was a very basic ability that a Serafim had, but even so, her power to purify black magic suppress all the Serafim before her. 
They also knew about her ability to absorb black magic, but Decratic had assured Zeke that he had done something about it and once Iris absorbed a very strong black magic, something would happen to her body. 
However, it didn’t work like that. 
Iris absorbed the strong black magic that Zeke unleashed, yet she didn’t have any affect. She didn’t even falter when she came for him and stabbed him in the chest with the white dagger that he retrieved from under her sleeves. 
Fortunately for him, the stab was not too deep before Zeke snapped out of his shock and dodged it. He was wounded because of that, but he managed to avoid it in time before Iris’s attack became fatal. 
"Impossible..." Zeke groaned, he pressed the wound on his chest, as he stared at Iris, who was standing before him. Her face was devoid from any emotions. 
Meanwhile, all the monsters that came closer to her was instantly killed by the black wisp, so did the followers of Decratic. She didn’t hesitate to finish them off if they tried to approach her. In Iris’s eyes right now, these people were not an ally, all of them were foe. 
They were a threat for her and her babies, thus she didn’t even think twice to kill them all, even when it darkened her heart. It was really hard to keep her heart pure when all you wanted to do was to kill these imbeciles with the power that you held. 
"Release Cane from your mind controlling," Iris said through her gritted teeth. Her auburn hair drenched in rain and she walked slowly toward Zeke. Her dress was dirty and she looked like a mess after everything, but her eyes were sharp. It filled with anger and warning. "Release Cane from your mind controlling and I will make you have an easy death." 
On the other hand, Elder Rose watched the extent of Iris’s power. This was something that she had never imagined before. She was not even be able to pull it. How could she very strong? 
But, more importantly, how could it not cross her mind that she was related to her? Her striking resemblance to Abby was very obvious. She must be very obtuse to miss that fact. 
"Release him?" Zeke scoffed. He glanced at the black beast that was fighting Rei and Dexter at the same time. Their battle was very fierce, it was three way battle, where they tried to take down one another. "Release him from what? Do you think I control him?" 
Iris looked up to the sky. She didn’t know how she could do it, but she recalled what Rei had done earlier and how he called for storm. If that man could have a divine power along with black magic, why wouldn’t she be able to do the same thing? 
The thought just came to her mind in passing, but she felt like she was able to do it. 
Iris was the one, who called for the rain. It would be the same principle if she called for the storm too, right? 
She wanted to wipe them out. She wanted them to perish in her hands. A storm, a very strong storm would do the job. She could wipe them out. 
Iris watched what a storm that Rei had summoned could do. She could make something greater than that. 
These monsters, the knights, the people from the Holy kingdom, Decratic’s followers... she could get rid of them in a minute. The thought of killing them all made her... excited. 
"Release him." 
"Release him from what? We didn’t do anything to him." 
"Do you think I will believe that?" 
Zeke narrowed his eyes. This was not the after effect that he and Decratic expected. The strong black magic that Iris had absorbed it seemed, it affected her heart instead of her body. 
It turned her darker, but at the same time stronger. You could feel the killing intent that emanated from her body. Even the monsters stopped approaching her. 
For monsters, you would be able to sense the strongest predator and tried to run away from them. Therefore, for these monsters to avoid Iris, it meant, she became even more feral and ferocious than them. 
Their instinct didn’t allow them to come closer toward this woman. 
"Give him back to me..." 
Above them, the gloomy clouds started to appear, it blocked the light of the sun, turning the morning into night, as the wind howled harshly. The storm was here... 
Deafening thunder and the lightning appeared in the sky, while the rain poured even harder. The weather suddenly worsened. 
"What the heck?" Lou lifted his head up and stared at the sky. He couldn’t believe his bad luck. "Can’t I have a good weather in my last moment? Even the sky looks so awful!" 
Lou had been coughing blood, he felt like he was at his limit, as he sprawled next to Lil Thing. The wall of protection that he created, weakened and he could feel that. 
Lou was still unable to believe this. He actually died in order to save other people. Dang. Since when he became soft like this? It should be him, who sacrifice other people, not the other way around. 
However, Iris’s face kept flashing in his mind. He remembered how he avoided to see her during her depression. Not because he didn’t want talking with her, but the sight of that woman crushed him. 
Therefore, if she learned that those people she cared so much for had to die miserably. Lou didn’t think he could live to watch that. 
He would prefer not to witness that for the second time. That moment was not something he was fond of. 
"I am so pathetic." Lou raised his hand to cover his face from the heavy rain that poured down, while the wall of the protection started to break and he could see a few crows managed to breakthrough. 
Right now, he only wished those shifters had found shelters or something that could protect them from these crows, because if they died, his death would be a waste. 
Lou stretched out his hand and felt Lil Thing was still by his side, this lazy bear could be very stubborn. It didn’t budge even when the wall of the protection broke and all the crows went through it. 
The wall of the protection shattered into million pieces... 
The rain stopped pouring down on Lou’s face because of the crows. 
"Damn... there are so many of them..." He hated it to think that he was going to die in such dirty place. At the very least, he wanted to see a beautiful scenery when he died, not these ugly crows. "I think this is it, Lil Thing." 
Storm came harshly, the thunder and lightning painted the dark morning sky and far away from where Lou laid down with the white bear, a certain woman lost it. 
Iris stood in front of Zeke. Her face contorted to see this old man, trying to get away from her. 
"If you though I was the one, who controlled him. You are completely wrong!" Zeke roared. The howling wind was getting very harsh and he needed to raise his voice so Iris could hear him. 
However, he didn’t need to do that, because Iris could read his lips just fine. 
"Do you really think I will believe that?" Iris’s eyes turned a few shades darker. She raised her hand and silver lightening surrounded her. 
The lightening twisted with the black wisp that created an eerie sight. The darkness in her heart was able to be felt by people around her. She had gone too far... she sank too deep in her frustration and anger. 
Iris let the darkness consumed her, because with that, she felt more powerful. She abandoned the divine power that couldn’t construe her rage, instead she welcomed the darkness that could portray the destruction she wanted. 
"What is that...?" Elder Xarex breathed in fear to see what Iris was doing right now. He approached Elder Rose. "How she can do that?" 
"I don’t know..." Elder Rose shook her head. "I don’t have any idea." 
Elder Rose could be said as a strong Serafim in her prime. She fought against monster attack and saved their Holy Kingdom from the onslaught fifty years ago, which led to the extinction of the salamander because she used them as an offensive attack. 
But, even during that time, she had never imagined to be able to unleash such power that Iris showed to them right now. 
She didn’t even think she could. 
Not so far from Iris, the black beast, Rei and Dexter stopped their battle, as they watched what happened to Iris. 
Lightening fizzed around her body. The black wisp twirled like crazy. 
And only then Dexter realized, who Iris aimed for. He saw his father was withing Iris’s attack range. Zeke was too close to be able to dodge such power no one would be able to save him. 
"NO!" Dexter rushed toward his father when the lightening blitzed, the light was blinding and the sound of it was deafening. 
For a moment, everything went still, just the sound of the rain and the howling wind. And when Dexter opened his eyes, all he could see was a deep crater where his father was standing earlier. There was nothing left, not even ashes. 
However, Iris had not yet done. This was only the beginning. At this point, she couldn’t care about her surroundings. 
She wanted them gone... vanished from her sight. 
Killed them all...
###Chapter 946: THE FINAL BATTLE (12)
Chapter 946: THE FINAL BATTLE (12)
Zeke wouldn’t have imagined that he would meet his demise just like that, so did Dexter. In his eyes, his father was the strongest black magic, who couldn’t be beaten. He was a perfect example of power. 
The plan from Decratic was clear that Zeke would inflict black magic, in which it would affect her and it would be easier for Zeke to get the luna. 
However, they didn’t count for her rage, or rather... Zeke and Dexter didn’t count it. Because there was no way Decratic didn’t know what kind of result that would happen if you pushed her too far. 
Zeke was an important pawn, but Decratic’s main goal was always Na. Iris in extent. 
Lu had recognized it earlier that Zeke was the second pillars and Lou had showed it what happened when you destroyed the pillar. The backlash of his power and that was what happened to Iris. 
The moment she killed Zeke, she experienced the backlash of her power. 
At first, it felt like her whole body was being burned, the lightening around her went awry, her power was in disarray. Not to mention the divine power and the black magic within her clashed against one another. 
Iris felt her inside was being ripped apart, as if there were claws that shredded her. The pain was unbearable, she couldn’t even scream, while her surroundings was so bright. It was very bright until it was blinding. 
Iris couldn’t even sense any direction, whether she was being laid down on the ground or she was standing up. Everything was confusing and painful. 
However, from outside, this blinding light that Iris saw actually very destructive. It killed everything in a strong shockwave, the monsters died, turned into ashes, the knights nearby didn’t even know what they were facing when they met their demise, even the shield protection of the magic users didn’t work. 
Elder Dandolf created a portal to save himself and the other two elders, only then they were be able to escape this catastrophe. 
The expand of her backlash was so great, the backlash reached the second fortress and killed the monster there. 
Rei and Dexter escaped, while the black beast used the black wisp as a shield, but it was not enough. Its fur burned and it was apparent that he would turn into dust if this continued. The black wisp that shielded him faded and it roared in pain when the light touched its flesh, it turned into dust. The process was slow, but certain, as the beast kept resisting... 
On the other hand, just a while before this blinding light appeared, a certain merchant was waiting for his death, but it didn’t come. 
Lou waited for the agony, the pain from being eaten alive, yet as it turned out, there was no pain. He was not sure, whether he didn’t feel the pain or he simply died without feeling anything, just like how he prayed. 
But when he opened his eyes, he saw the crows flew above him, just like the last time he saw them, but neither of the crows touched him. 
"What is it? What’s going on?" Lou blinked his eyes when not a single crow wanted to get closer to him. "What? Is my flesh so bad that they will not come near me?" Lou sniffed himself, thinking it was his smell. 
The merchant should be grateful that he didn’t die, but somehow, he felt offended. 
Lou then tilted his head to see Lil Thing was still laying down next to him lazily, didn’t seem to care with their predicament and only then it clicked to him that the crows actually avoided Lil Thing, just like how the monsters avoided Lil Thing and the salamander during the battle, which everyone failed to notice. 
"Damn! You actually useful!" Lou patted the bear’s bump, but suddenly it got up and growled. "What is it?" 
Lil Thing nudged Lou, urged him to get up. That was when he saw this blinding light. The light consumed all the monsters and it moved so fast, spread so wide. 
"What is that?!" Lou immediately climbed on Lil Thing’s back and the bear took him away from the light. 
For a moment, this part of the realm felt like the second sun just appeared and burned them all, but once it dissipated, you could see the aftermath of it. 
The place had turned into desert. 
There were no carcasses, neither you could see any building. Only the crack on the ground, the fissure that was very deep that was still hissing the red smoke, yet there was no monster that emerged from there anymore. 
Rain was no longer pouring down, the storm also had stopped and the wind went still. This place looked like this was not a habitant land at all. 
In the middle of this seemingly deserted land, you could see a woman with her auburn hair, kneeling down on the ground, her blue eyes dimmed, she looked exhausted, lethargic. 
She didn’t even realize when someone walked closer to her and knelt down beside her. His hand stretched out and he brushed her curls. The expression on his face was a mixture of relief and greedy. 
"Finally, I found you." Decratic leaned over and kissed her forehead. "I really missed you, Na." 
However, when his lips touched her forehead, he realized one crucial thing; there was no Na there. He couldn’t feel her life essence anymore. Her existence was no more. 
His brows furrowed. His lips mumbled something.
"There must be a mistake..." Decratic whispered to no one in particular and then his eyes fell at her stomach. He could see the two little lights around her and his red eyes turned murderous. "How can you do this to me, Na? You shouldn’t have done this..." 
Decratic grabbed Iris’s hair and pulled her head, until she faced him. Her blue eyes met with his red one. 
"You are going to pay for this. I am going to get you back..."
###Chapter 947: THE FINAL BATTLE (13)
Chapter 947: THE FINAL BATTLE (13)
At first, it was Leane and then Mason, but then Gerald appeared and all the alphas that Cane had killed. They surrounded him. overwhelmed him with the reminders of what they had done to him. 
And suddenly, his surroundings changed. The fire that he saw, dimmed. Mason, Gerald and all the alpha had disappeared, leaving him alone and Cane found himself was laying down on the bed. The warm sunlight filtered through the window, while the bird chirping. 
In the distance, he could hear the sound of children laughing, he was very familiar with one of them, he recognized her distinctive laughter. It was Rora. It had been so long, since the last time he heard her laughter. 
Cane opened his eyes, he frowned when he figured out he was in his own bedroom. The ceiling looked familiar, so did everything around him. 
It was surreal, but more importantly was the woman, who slept next to him. Leane. She rested her head against his chest, cuddling with him like she used to. Her warm and the weight of her body were too real to say this was an illusion. 
"What is this?" Cane moved her body away from him, but it stirred her awake. 
"Good morning," Leane said sleepily. She yawned and hugged him again. "How was your sleep?" She asked with her melodic voice. 
And right at that time, someone knocked on the door, Aria’s voice could be heard along with a crying baby. 
With the sound of that, Leane immediately jumped off the bed and went to open the door. She returned with a baby in her arms. 
"Oh, poor little one, you must be very hungry..." Leane cooed the baby, she sat down again next to Cane and only then he could see the baby. 
The baby had Leane’s facial features, but he had his black hair with a pair of clear golden eyes. His face was ruddy and he clasp his fists tightly around Leane’s fingers. 
Cane had never really seen his son. The only memory he had of him was when they gutted him out of Leane’s stomach. 
But... what happened now? 
Cane watched dumbfoundedly when Leane started breastfeeding their son, singing to him and told Cane to stop making such scary face. 
Meanwhile, Aria came into the room, bringing their breakfast and teasing the baby before she politely resigned herself. She was very polite, not even once she looked at Cane’s direction. 
Shortly, there was another commotion when the twin entered the room, bickering about who was going to hold the baby first and Leane reprimanded them to clean themselves first before coming near the baby. 
This... didn’t make sense, but... it was very peaceful, something that Cane craved for a long time. His family was here. This was how his life if the attack from Blue Moon pack had never happened. 
However, there was something wrong, as if he had forgotten something, but what? 
============================ 
"You are heavy, you know..." Lou complained, he felt like he was going to die because of this Lazy bear. He was grateful that Lil Thing managed to find them a small cave, a niche, under the cliff for them to take shelter from the lethal blinding light that came out of nowhere. 
This white bear actually sat on there, scaring the crows that tried to take shelter too, but the problem was, because the niche was too small and its attempt to protect Lou, Lil Thing actually sat on him and the poor merchant felt like he was going to die because of this silly bear. 
"Lil Thing! You are not small!" Lou complained. He tried to push him, but Lil Thing wriggled its butt and Lou felt like this creature broke a few bones in his body. "Damn it. Are you going to kill me, or what?" 
After the struggled, Lou actually passed out. He was too tired and the backlash along with his attempt to create the wall of protection in order to keep the crows away, left him very spent. 
In his in and out consciousness, Lou heard a few people talked at the same time and someone dragged and lifted his body up. He wanted to see, who had treated him so poorly, but he was too tired to do anything and chose to fall asleep again after a few attempts to see his surroundings. 
Not long after, he was awaken when he felt something wet, rough and warm on his cheek, he frowned and when he finally opened his eyes, he saw Lil Thing was actually licking his face. 
"Ugh..." Lou groaned. He pushed Lil Thing’s muzzle away from his face. "Enough... enough... I am awake..." 
His face was drenched by Lil Thing’s saliva and the lazy bear placed its big head on his chest when it saw he had regained his consciousness. 
"I think you don’t need water anymore seeing how wet you are," Redmond commented. 
Lou couldn’t see where he was, but he knew he was inside this tent. "That’s how you treated your savior?" He asked begrudgingly and felt someone wiped his face. He thought it was Redmond, but to his surprised, it was Nala and the second person in this tent that he recognized was Sabian. The old man looked worried for his master. "What they are doing here?" 
"We are back to Golden Light pack and the former alpha Derick brought the warriors here." Redmond came to his line of sight and started to fill him with what had happened when he lost his consciousness. 
"Can’t you spare me some time? I literally just woke up a second ago," Lou grumbled. He felt his head was spinning when he listened to Redmond’s explanation of their current situation. 
From what Redmond explained to him, Lou had lost his consciousness for three days straight and the former alpha Derick came yesterday with Nala and Sabian too. 
The alpha actually managed to make the royal warriors that they captured during their battle, pledged their loyalty to him. It was a good news, since they were in dire need for a back up. 
During this time, they also tried to figure out what happened in the Red Claw pack, but there was this red smoke from the poisonous miasma that prevented them from venturing inside the pack. Even though, there was no more monsters that emerged from there, they couldn’t find a way to know what happened to Cane and Iris. 
More so, because the fact Cezi, Cedric and Zale didn’t have any knowledge about magic, despite having the divine power, they didn’t know what to do with it. 
They managed to find Lou thanked to Lil Thing that dragged him to them. No wonder, Lou felt his back was killing him. 
"Stop whining," Redmond said. "I will tell the other that you are awake. You can think of a way to find Cane and Iris while you take a rest." Redmond walked out of the tent, but before he left, he added. "We lost the healer. For the meantime, you need to figure out how to heal your wound." 
For shifters, who was blessed with healing ability, they didn’t really need a healer, but Lou would need one with his injuries. 
"Hh..." Lou sighed deeply, he closed his eyes. So, Iris went missing and they couldn’t go through Red Claw pack to figure out what happened to her. 
What a nice way to wake up... 
Two days later Lou finally could get off the bed and joined the other in discussion, but what upset him the most was the presence of Koda. This man didn’t know when to shut up. 
"I really wished I didn’t save him back then." Lou looked at Koda’s back, as he stormed off because his stupid plan was rejected. 
"Yeah, you should let those spiders ate him," Ethan agreed. A warrior’s life would be great to trade with Koda’s. 
A week later, they came up with the plan to use a route to Celestial Moon pack to reach the capital city, since they knew that Decratic based his force there. 
It would take them longer time, since it essentially a roundabout route if they didn’t go through Red Claw pack, but for this time, this was the only option they had. 
"I want you to stay behind. I will tie you up if I have to." This was not even a discussion and Ethan had never been this serious in his entire life. 
"Is that a threat?" Aliana frowned. She didn’t like the sound of it. She wanted to go too, but Jace and Ethan didn’t budge at all. They openly disagreed with her. 
"You can assume whatever you want. You are not going, Aliana." Ethan and Aliana were walking under the moonlight, as they had this conversation. 
Aliana knew since the beginning that it would be an issue for her to go in this mission after she almost died not long ago and there was no point to argue with them. But, she was also stubborn. 
"This is not fair." Aliana stopped walking. "You are worried about me if I went in this mission, but what about me, who worried about you when you left for this mission?" 
If she could choose, she would rather face the danger together rather than sat still, waiting for the news that probably would never come. 
Ethan didn’t have the answer for that. If he were on her shoes, he would want to go too. He understood, but he was being selfish right now. He simply couldn’t go through that pain anymore. 
"When all of this will end...?" Aliana rested her head against Ethan’s chest, as he hugged her. "I really wish no one will die anymore." 
Ethan hugged her for a long time and when they walked again, he was a little bit limping. The fire that burned his feet showed the aftermath of it now. 
He couldn’t walk too long, or else, he would be in so much pain. This journey would be extremely hard for him, but if he voiced it out, Jace wouldn’t allow him to go. 
"We need to find a healer for your feet." Aliana narrowed her eyes at Ethan. "Your healing ability still couldn’t cure that?" 
"I think it will take a little bit longer," Ethan replied casually. 
"Is that hurt?" 
"No." 
=============================== 
Cane watched how Aria played with his baby. Ezga, they named their firstborn with Ezga. Ezga Nortern. 
Everything was perfect. His twin siblings looked lively and the pack was prosperous. Merchant kept coming to ask for the alcohol tea. 
When Ezga was five years old, Cane took the title as the alpha of the pack and everyone celebrated it. Everything was perfect, but didn’t feel right. There was something missing. There was something important that he had forgotten, but he couldn’t recall what was that. 
The war, Decratic, Rei, people from the Holy Kingdom and those blue eyes, felt like a dream. The more he tried to think about it, the more he had a hard time to remember. It was a long dream, but when you woke up, you forgot most part of it. 
It only gave you an anxious feeling that you couldn’t shake off. 
And when Ezga celebrated his ninth birthday, he watched at the sky when they released a firework. The light was so bright, it looked like a beautiful flower against the night sky, but then it faded away into tiny little lights. 
Two lights in the sky. Cane stared at them. There was something familiar with the two little lights, as if there was something important about it. 
Cane furrowed his brows, he turned his head to look around him and find his reflection on the glass. He looked like usual, but he saw a flicker of red eyes that stared back at him. 
"Cane, are you, okay?" Leana asked. She looked beautiful in her red, auburn color dress. This color made him felt this longing feeling for something, or... someone.
###Chapter 948: THE FINAL BATTLE (14)
Chapter 948: THE FINAL BATTLE (14)
Two lights, a flicker of red eyes when he stared at his own reflection on the mirror and auburn color that reminded him of dusk sky. 
Leane’s voice sounded so far, everything felt unreal, but lucid at the same time. 
He was holding a baby. Aliana just gave birth to a baby boy and Ethan looked so happy, as they had been struggling for a long time. 
"I am a father now! I am a father!" Ethan looked so happy, he actually jumped up and down and announced it to the entire pack. 
Everyone laughed at his antics. Everyone looked very happy. 
But, something didn’t sit right with Cane. Once again, he looked at his reflection in the mirror and found that strange red eyes stared back at him. It didn’t last for long, almost like he actually didn’t see it. 
Cane stared at his reflection for a long time. He was holding the baby in his arms and when the baby stopped crying, he immediately checked on him. 
"What happened?" Leana asked, but Cane simply shook his head. 
He didn’t know why the first thing that came to his mind when the baby stopped crying was the thought the baby was dead. 
"Father, let’s play!" Ezga pulled Cane’s cloak. He was smiling at him. He had black eyes and black hair, just like him. A healthy and an active little boy, who was the apple in his eyes. 
His little boy shifted for the first time a few months ago and Cane was there to help him going through the process, assured him that everything would be alright, that he was there to guide him every step of the way. 
This was a bonding time between a shifter with their cub.
He was so proud of him, still, it didn’t feel right.... 
============================ 
"I don’t get it." Joel came to Jace on the morning they supposed to leave to Celestial Moon pack. "You bring Zale with you, but you left me behind? What is the reason beta Jace?" 
They said he was too young for this mission and he was needed to stay behind, but then they brought Zale with them. 
Zale was literally only twelve years old, thirteen probably, because he didn’t remember when he was born. 
"There is a reason for that," Jace replied. He couldn’t disclose what the reason was. 
In Joel’s logic, he was right. Zale was too young for this mission, but Zale was also one of Iris’s protectors, where they were sure he would be needed at some point. There was a reason for him to be her protector. 
More so, that brat would follow them if they left him behind. He had proven it twice. Unless they tied him up, he would come no matter what they said. 
"What is the reason?" Joel tried to understand. He really wanted to go. 
Jace looked at him in the eyes. "I can’t say it, Joel. But, I truly need you here. Please, take care of my sister. I am not sure if she actually listened, but there is a chance she will sneak around and follow us. I need you to pay close attention to her. Can you do that for me?" Jace was true to what he said. "I need our people to look over everything and you are the right person to do so." 
Joel was not thrilled to be left behind, but he accepted the assignment and agreed to it in the end, since he didn’t have any other option. No matter what, Jace was still the beta. He was the one, who made the final say. 
Meanwhile, Ethan had his final moment with Aliana. 
The gamma promised her that he would return. He would come to her and everything would be alright. He promised that he would be alive. 
"I will keep my promise," Ethan said, as he kissed her goodbye. 
For Abby, she would stay with Aliana and the other, because of her condition. Even though she was needed in this journey and her divine power and her knowledge could be any of help, she was heavily pregnant, this would slow them down immensely. 
More so, Iris’s four protectors held divine power like her, thus her absent could be compromised. 
"Don’t you want to wish me luck?" Lou asked Nala, who was staring at him, while he grabbed a small pouch that filled with magic stones. The magic stones from the Howling Wolf pack’s mines just arrived yesterday morning. "A passionate kiss will be nice." 
Nala rolled her eyes, but she walked toward the merchant and gave him a passionate kiss that he wanted. "Don’t die." 
"Why? Because you will need to find another man to rely on?" 
Nala growled at him. He was right, but seriously, shouldn’t he say it out loud? This man was insufferable. "Yes. That’s why don’t die." 
"Well. Let’s see what I can do." Lou pinched her chin. "Did you sleep with another man while I am away?" 
Lou knew that she slept with Kian before, but it was because he ordered her to get close to him, but he would be pissed if she did it without his knowledge. 
"No." Nala looked offended. 
"Not even with Sabian?" 
Nala widened her eyes. Sabian was so old, she wondered if he could get up even if she was crazy and insane enough to entertain him. 
Seeing her reaction, Lou laughed out loud. "Sabian had ’it’ cut." He joyfully informed her. 
The morning was a little bit gloomy with the cold wind blew from the north, as they marched toward Celestial Moon pack. This was the route that Cezi had discussed with Cane and they agreed to take this without the people from the Holy Kingdom came with them. 
However, it turned out Cezi would use this route as a plan to rescue the alpha and the luna. 
It was fall, the weather was rather cold and the monsters became a little bit aggressive because they were looking for food before they hibernated during winter. 
Because of the roundabout route that they took and how they needed to be careful to move in quite large number and the closer they got to Celestial Moon pack, they would often engage in a fight with monsters, because the untouched land was the nest for the monster. 
It took them two months to finally reach Celestial Moon pack. At this point, their moral was rather depleted, since it was longer than they expected and during those two months, everything could happen. 
They also didn’t know any information from outside, since they couldn’t find a way to send a message without being detected. Unfortunately, the luna’s lizard had gone missing, or it might have died during the battle. No one knew this for sure. 
Two months were a long time. 
If the enemy managed to capture the alpha, he could have died by now and something worse might happen to their luna. 
However, they didn’t have any other choice, but to keep going. 
The sky was always gloomy and the wind became even colder when they reached the north territory. The attack from the monster became more frequent. 
But, when they reached Celestial Moon pack, the pack had gone. The houses were empty. There were no more people here. 
It was an abandoned place to say the least. 
Alpha Cezi and Derick had to stop for a while, as they watched their pack had gone. All the people they knew were no longer there and they forbade themselves from thinking the worse, though they knew it was only the worst fact that waited for them in this situation. 
============================= 
At the beginning, Abby was not comfortable to be among the shifters, they went back to Golden Light pack, but after spending time there for three weeks and Aliana helped her to socialize with the other people, she felt a little bit better, though she couldn’t say she was comfortable with the shifters. 
One month after all the warriors left to the north, the elders appeared. They were the only one that survived when Iris was having backlash. 
No more knights from the Holy Kingdom. They were wiped out within a second. If Elder Dandolf didn’t have the ability to create a portal, all of them would have died as well. 
Elder Rose specifically looked for Abby. She tried to mend the relationship between them, but the latter didn’t seem to be excited with the idea. 
Aliana and Joel kept their eyes on them. 
At first, they didn’t want to let them get inside the pack, but they swore they had nothing to do with Rei’s plan to kill all of their pack members. 
Of course, Aliana wouldn’t believe them easily. After all, they killed so many people of their pack members. Grace, Amee, Otis, Eron, Dyne and so many more... they died in vain, because Rei needed power. 
"Scram!" Aliana looked dangerous when she told them to get out of her sight. She was not nice at all with her warning. "It’s already great that I didn’t kill you all!" 
However, the elders demanded for Abby to go with them, as they would return to Andelus continent. She was still the Serafim and she needed to fulfill her duty. 
"Don’t let them in." Aliana didn’t have time to bicker with them, she simply turned around and then left. 
"We can help you to defeat Decratic. You need the knowledge about it!" Elder Xarex was still talking big. 
Joel glanced at them disdainfully. "The same old song," he said condescendingly and then followed Aliana. 
After that, they didn’t know what happened to the three of them, some said they returned to Andelus continent and some said they were attacked by monsters. 
Aliana didn’t believe the latter. The three of them were a skillful magic user, there was no way a monster could defeat them. In that case, they must have gone back to their continent. 
Days passed and then weeks, by then three months had gone by just like that without any news at all. Some time, Aliana would go to the border of Red Claw pack, but all she could see was this red smoke that came from the fissure on the ground. 
Most of the time, she wanted to go alone to Celestial Moon pack, but Joel would always stop her, more so, she didn’t know the route really well. 
With that, fall went just like that and winter came, still without any news whatsoever and Aliana would constantly visit the border and stayed there for a long time. 
And during the early winter, Abby gave birth to her first child. Her first baby was a girl, just like how Rei had predicted. She looked healthy and beautiful. 
"No, she has no birthmark," Aliana informed Abby, in which she cried in relief. She didn’t want her baby to have such birthmark. It was a curse for her. She didn’t want her baby to live her life like her. 
Aliana placed the baby closed to her chest, as the beautiful little one breastfed for the first time and as she stared at the window, she saw the first snow. 
Iris would give birth, more or less, within two months from now. She would have her twin during this season again. 
Her first twin born during winter and now she would give birth to her another twin during winter too, only if she survived.... 
Where they were right now? People kept asking that. 
Winter was here again and even though they didn’t have a problem with food, but everything went still. People talked about the red smoke and was afraid to get close to it. The continent was in uproar because they were no longer had a king to rule. Every pack started to find their own way to survive. 
More so when Alpha Cane was no longer with them. Everything went disarray and confusing. 
Aliana stared at the bleak sky and the baby on Abby’s chest started crying.
###Chapter 949: THE FINAL BATTLE (15)
Chapter 949: THE FINAL BATTLE (15)
Arella stayed with Aliana and Abby, she kept asking about her father and brother, but no one could answer that. 
And as the winter progressed, Abby would come to the border very often. She stared at the red smoke, deep in thought. Joel would come and bring more cloak to keep her warm and accompany her until she was tired and both of them returned to the pack in silent. 
They were waiting for news from them, who had gone on the mission. They were waiting and waiting... 
But, aside from them, there were another person, who had been waiting too, though he didn’t know what he was waiting for when he stared at his reflection in the mirror. 
Ten years. Ezga turned ten today. 
There was something significant about the number. 
"How could you do my hair? When did you learn it?" Leane looked surprised when Cane actually did her hair. 
Cane tried to remember, but he was not sure. "I don’t know." He felt the hair was not right. Leane had a beautiful long, black hair. It was so soft and straight, but it didn’t feel right in his hand. 
"What? Have you done this before?" Leane turned around, she pretended to be angry at him. "Who was that woman?" 
Who was that woman? 
Right. Who was that woman with auburn hair? 
Cane frowned when Leane laughed. 
"You need to look at your expression. You look so funny!" Leane giggled, thinking she got him and this made her hair fell on her shoulder. 
Cane stretched out his hand and tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear, where he brushed his finger against her earlobe. 
"What happened?" Leane asked, leaning against his touch when he caressed her earlobe. "Let’s go. Ezga must have been waiting for us." 
Ezga’s birthday went with a lot of laughter and happiness. Ethan and Aliana came with their firstborn and they announced that they were going to have their second child, where Ezga was very elated when he was informed about it. 
At the same time, people noticed the mark on Grace’s neck and all eyes fell on Jace as the culprit. The two of them had been very suspicious and with this evidence, none of them could deny it anymore. 
The warriors were in an uproar when they learned about it. All the warriors... 
Amee told them to calm down and congratulate the gamma and the beta. By this time, it was already so late and Ezga was sleeping in Leane’s arms. 
Everything went perfect. The day filled with laughter and the night ended with merriment. There was nothing wrong. 
However, Cane found himself walked in Goffa mountain after he tucked Ezga to bed. He didn’t return to his bedroom and instead shifted into his beast. Without him realizing it, he was already here... walking in his beast form in this side of the mountain. 
This part of the mountain was a spacious clearing, where the grass grew in white color, as if it was snow and the trees covered with moss in blue color, which glittered under the moonlight, while the flowers were the color of black. 
But what made you dumbstruck in awe was the lake. 
The lake was a clear blue. The water looked pristine, you could see the bottom of it, where you would be able to see the colorful stones on the bottom of it. 
And someone was there. 
A woman with auburn hair. Her curls looked so adorable and when she turned around, her striking blue eyes met his. 
She looked sad. 
"Where have you been?" 
She asked, but Cane didn’t have the answer for that... 
"You told me if we were separated, I have to look for you. But, why is it so hard to find you?" 
============================== 
Iris opened her eyes, she breathed heavily. That was the furthest she could reach him, more than that, it would put her babies in danger and she didn’t want that. 
She had told Cane that she was going to try to fix the mindlink for his people, but she actually started doing it the moment she told him about that. She tried through their mate bond first. 
The bond that they shared, got stronger after it was broken once before. 
Iris didn’t have any idea where Cane was, but she knew he was alive somewhere and was still stuck in the middle of illusion that Decratic’s follower created. Knowing he was alive, that was all she needed for now. 
"D- do you need something else?" a young woman, around the age of eighteen asked Iris, trembling in fear. 
"No," Iris replied curtly, as she stared at her food. These people were too afraid to make any mistake, because Decratic would kill them if something was not satisfied Iris. "You can leave." She spared her by telling her to leave, because she knew she couldn’t talk to her, neither she could reassure her that everything would be alright. 
The young woman immediately left when she was dismissed, afraid that she would make a mistake by accident. 
Iris stared at her food. She didn’t want to eat anything from this place, but she wouldn’t survive this long if she didn’t eat anything. Therefore, she took an extra time to inspect her food and ate as much as she needed, which caused her body to become very thin, though her stomach grew, as her babies were getting bigger. 
Iris could see her little lights were not little anymore, they took the shape of wolves now. She could see them clearly. One of the wolf spirits used to be very calm, lazy if you could say, and chose to snuggle on her lap, while the other was very active, as it moved around. 
They were the only thing that accompanied her and kept her mind sane when she was here. 
Once Iris finished with her meal, she stood up and walked around the palace. There was a place that she frequently visited. 
This place was very dark and suffocating. Iris remembered this part of the palace. This was the exact place where Alan kept the Diamond White tiger and a few people, who were the victims of his craziness. 
The smell of it was very suffocating. 
Iris was free to roam around this palace. She and Decratic were in a stalemate. After he tried to get Na’s life essence back and realized she had completely gone, his obsession was directed at her. 
He would keep her within his palm, but the problem was; she was not someone that he could handle just because he wanted to. 
In the beginning, Decratic was going to get rid of her babies, but her power shielded her and it resulted a backlash for him and now he needed time to recuperate. It took a long time because he had spent his power to try to get Na’s life essence back, which yielded no result. 
More so, Iris was stable. She maintained her feeling so well. She was very calm and serene most of the time, which left Decratic with less power over her. 
Her little lights were a great help during this time, without them, Iris was sure that she would succumb into the darkness with no way out. 
Even so, Iris couldn’t get away from Decratic completely, at the same time, Decratic was also unable to do any harm on her. 
She could roam around the palace, but she couldn’t go out of the barrier that he had put around this area. This palace looked barren, as if there was not a single soul lived here. 
Yet, to her surprised, there were a few maids and guards, who were still alive, but they looked mortified all the time. They didn’t even dare to breath too loudly and would try to avoid Iris if she tried to engage in conversation with them. 
And above all that, what aggravated Iris the most was Kellan. 
She met him in a week she was within Decratic’s palm. She thought, she would be terrified of him, thinking that seeing him again, it would trigger something inside of her, the trauma would return. 
However, it didn’t happen. 
Decratic intentionally showed Kellan to Iris, knowing their past. His plan was very vain for this, as it was clear to see that he wanted Kellan’s presence to revive the hatred and trauma that Iris had buried so deep, which could help Decratic to regain his power back. 
Keep Iris in check, so she would be reminded of her painful and shameful past. Held her from any progress to get her full power back. 
How wrong Decratic was to think Iris would fall for that trick, though Kellan’s presence kept triggering her hatred, but she didn’t fall too deep into the darkness. She had her two little lights with her. 
’You are full of black magic. Touch me and your existence will be no more.’ 
That was what Iris told Kellan when she talked to him for the first time. He still looked the same. Iris hated the sight of him. If she could, she would kill him. 
Unfortunately for her, her divine power was too weak in this place that filled with thick black magic. 
Iris had tried to cut Kellan with black wisp, but his body would heal so fast, as if there was nothing happened. 
"Are you, Annie?" Iris asked. 
There was this little girl when she reached this hidden room. Iris had been looking for the little girls that Kellan kept for himself. If some of the servants and guards were still alive, he would keep his little girls alive too. 
But, after looking for months, Iris still couldn’t find them until she remembered this place and started to roam this area. 
Recently, Iris didn’t meet with Kellan often, because the man had been gone with Dexter somewhere. Decratic was planning something and Iris could feel that. She needed to find a way out of this place before she gave birth. 
Heaven knew what they would do to her babies once she gave birth to them. 
"Annie, is that you?" Iris’s voice was gentle, as the little girl was trembling in fear. She didn’t wear anything, even though it was snowing outside, thus Iris took off her cloak and gave it to her. "I know your little sister, Joyce. Do you remember her?" 
Annie had the same round face and freckles like Joyce, both of them looked alike. 
"Joyce...?" Annie asked, her voice was hoarse and her body was so thin. She covered in dirt. She refused to be cleaned because Kellan would come after her if she was clean. 
"Yes, your sister, do you remember her?" Iris then noticed something moved at the background and from the darkness emerged a few more little girls. There was a total of fifteen of them... 
=============================== 
A certain merchant in his red cloak wiped his face in frustration. He felt like he was going insane. This was the best patient that he had ever exerted. But, mostly, he was disappointed with himself. 
"Damn it, Cane! What hold you back?!" Lou growled at a man, who was laying unconscious on the bed. 
They found him after a month they arrived at the Celestial Moon pack. His condition was alarming and it almost felt like a miracle that he could survive. 
Along with Cane, they found the lizard, in which they assumed, the lizard managed to save him when Iris had a backlash. After all, the lizard could teleport itself and a few papers when they needed it as a messenger. 
If the lizard was not there with the alpha, he would have died during the backlash, even Lu didn’t come to the surface, from the look of it, both of them had been injured greatly. 
They must have breathed a lot of poisonous miasma, which added to the alpha’s rotten luck. 
"Damn it, Cane! Or Lu! Or whoever there!" Lou was frustrated, but then he jumped in shock when he saw Cane’s fingers moved!
###Chapter 950: THE FINAL BATTLE (16)
Chapter 950: THE FINAL BATTLE (16)
Iris. 
This place was the place, where they made love for the first time. Not out of desire, not out of coercion, but because they truly loved each other. 
This was the place, where they were being honest with their feeling for the first time. Cane took her here and here, in this place, he found her again. Or rather, it was Iris, who finally found him... 
"Iris..." 
The moment the name escaped his lips, all the pieces fell into the right place. The constant nagging feeling that he felt all this time, the life he had been living during this past ten years and everything that he knew, collapsed. 
It was an illusion. 
Now when everything was as clear as day, Cane’s surrounded faded away. The beautiful lake with white grass disappeared from her sight, where it was replaced by a sight of an angry commotion. 
Cane looked around and watched how people around him was very angry about something, but he didn’t really get what they were saying. They screamed something, but he couldn’t understand. 
It took him sometime to realize that they were talking in Andel language. They didn’t seem to notice him there. 
Cane was sure this was not his memories, he had never experience something like this before and thought he was in one of the illusions when he saw a man was being tied in a pole, while the people lit fire around him. 
This was not his memory, but Lu’s. 
Cane couldn’t see Lu’s face clearly because of the fire, but he could see his red eyes, filled with malice. They filled with a lot of hatred and anger, but even when he could kill them all in a single move, the lycan didn’t do anything, he hissed viciously at them, but didn’t try to free himself from his predicament. 
Or perhaps, he couldn’t... what held him back? How could he couldn’t escape from that situation? Something didn’t seem right. 
Cane ended up watching how Lu met his demised and then his surrounding darkened and it changed again. 
Right now, he was standing in this dark room. He couldn’t even see his own feet, but weirdly enough, he could see a man, who was sitting on the floor not too far from him. He hugged his knees and lowered his head. 
"Lu?" Cane called him, somehow the name just slipped from his lips and when the man lifted his head, a pair of red eyes stared back at him. He was indeed Lou. 
And the moment he stared into his red eyes, Cane felt like his body was being sucked into a whirlpool of emotions and by the time he opened his eyes again, the first thing he saw was this tacky red color. Someone was talking to him, or rather cursed at him, though he didn’t know what he was saying, but this made him frowned. 
What the hell was happening? 
"Damn! You are awake?! Damn you, Cane, you are just awake now?!" Lou clapped his hands in front of his face to get his attention, which annoyed the alpha. "Hey! Hey! Don’t fall back to sleep again!" 
Cane swatted his hand and pushed the merchant away from his face. He felt very tired, but his mind was sharp enough to remember everything that happened. 
"Iris?" 
That was the first thing that he said, as he pushed himself up from the bed and felt the sharp pain on his head and shoulders, the room was spinning. Was he in one of his dreams again? 
However, Lou’s voice kept irritating his ears and once he gathered his composure, Cane could see that he was still in the same room, Lou was still standing too close for his liking. 
"Here, drink this." Lou handed him a glass of water. "You have been unconscious for months." 
"What?" Cane took the glass and groaned when he felt the sharp pain on his shoulders and Lou came closer to check on it. 
"Hm." He touched his chin. "I am not a healer, but I guess, somehow, your healing ability is suck now. This wound should have been healed long ago, but you still have it." Lou poked the wound and Cane almost clawed him if he didn’t dodge it quickly. "It’s still hurt too..." He observed. 
Cane glanced at his shoulders and saw that his upper body had been bandaged tightly and there was trace of blood there. 
"Tell me everything," Cane said. He gritted his teeth. The pain on his shoulder was annoying at most, it was still bearable. 
"Let me get you something to eat first. It happened to me before, I just woke up and someone dumped all the information on me. Not a good experience." 
"Tell me everything," Cane repeated what he said. He couldn’t care about food. He wanted to know where Iris was and what happened when he fell unconscious. 
"Okay, if you insisted." Lou sat down again at the chair and recalled everything that had happened in the past five months. 
While listening to Lou, Cane looked around and took a note of this room. This place looked tidy, but you could tell that they just cleaned this abandoned place recently. 
"You should thank the lizard, you know. Without it, you would have been burned into ashes, just like the rest of the monsters, the knights and the people from the Holy Kingdom." Lou nodded at the lizard that currently was sleeping on top of the table next to the bed. 
Apparently, they managed to find Cane when Lil Thing found the Lizard. That was right, they took Lil Thing with them too. With that, they followed the lizard that actually bring them to where Cane was. 
They were surprised to see his condition and was even more shock when they found him still alive. But, no matter what they did, they had done all the thing that they could think of as the people with limited knowledge of healing, Cane still didn’t wake up. 
Though he was still breathing, which was a good sign too. 
They couldn’t come close the Capital City because of the barrier that Decratic put around it, but they couldn’t go back either because the way back during winter was extremely harsh. They probably wouldn’t make it through the Untouched Land during this season. 
More so, blizzard occurred a few times in that land. Even Derick and Cezi didn’t recommend them to go through the Untouched Land and waited until the winter ended, especially with Cane’s condition. He wouldn’t be able to make it. 
Therefore, they couldn’t go forward, neither they could go back. 
They were stuck here and was barely able to make it, since their food supply ceased to exist. The moral of the warriors dropped very low. They seemed to think of death more often, saying goodbye to each other as a joke, which didn’t sound funny at all after repeating it a few times. 
"Iris?" Cane wanted to know about his mate first. 
"We believed she is with Decratic. The barrier is created to keep her inside." Lou frowned. "She must be due in a few weeks now." 
Cane didn’t need to be reminded of that. He couldn’t even be angry to himself. Once again, he put her and their babies in a great danger. 
"The divine power you have?" Cane narrowed his eyes at Lou. 
"We have tried a few times. Didn’t work." Lou shrugged his shoulders. He knew what Cane meant. 
Lou, Cedric, Cezi and Zale had tried to use the divine power to breakthrough against the barrier, but it didn’t work at all, if anything, Decratic must have known someone tried to get into his protection, where he sent his followers to get them. 
"I can say that being mind controlled was not a good experienced." 
The mind controller used their warriors to fight against each other and thankfully, the divine power could break the spell. But, in that case, they became even more careful to try to break the shield again. They couldn’t afford to have their people under this mind control thing. 
"What about Rei?" That man was as dangerous as Decratic. 
"We didn’t see him and assumed he died during the backlash. I am not sure. I was not there, you were the one there." 
Cane listened to that silently and they heard the commotion from the outside. 
"Another fight." Lou rolled his eyes. "I told you right that their moral hit the lowest point? From the look of it, they seemingly wanted to kill each other in the first chance given." 
The commotion grew louder and Lou stood up to see what they were fighting for, but Cane stood up with him too. 
"You don’t need to come, this is every day thing." 
Yet, Cane wouldn’t listen. He stood up with the merchant and surprisingly, he looked better than Lou expected.
"Don’t you feel any pain?" Lou frowned. When he fell unconscious for a few days, he needed a few more days to recover. He didn’t even want to get off the bed, but Cane not only demanded to listen to the whole things that had happened, but he actually woke up and started to deal with the problem. "Geez. I pity myself to feel sorry for you before." 
The warriors were surprised to see their alpha had woken up, they were speechless, thinking they saw thing when he walked in front of them and went out of the house to figure out what was happening out there. 
The sky looked bleak, this must be afternoon in the winter and the cold temperature actually felt refreshing for Cane, it kept his mind alerted even more. 
Outside of this house, there were three people, bickering, shouting at each other. Zale, Cedric and one of the warriors. 
From what they talked about, Zale seemed to have a fight with the warrior and Cedric was there to stop thing before it escalated, but it would be dangerous for the knight if Zale and the warrior shifted into their beast and started to fight. 
Which happened shortly. 
"Shift back!" Cane roared when he watched them shifted into their beasts. His thunderous roar startled everyone there and Zale and the warrior shifted back, because Cane used the alpha’s voice, which put them in a great pain if they didn’t follow his command. 
"Alpha!" 
"The alpha is awake!" 
"The alpha is here!" 
After stretched out silence, all of them cheered to see their alpha was awake. They forgot the fight between Zale and the warrior. 
"Cane!" Ethan suddenly jumped from behind him and hugged him, which made Cane groaned, because the pain on his shoulders, but the gamma simply didn’t want to let him go. "Cane! I missed you! This is you, right?!" 
Ethan looked at Cane’s black eyes and felt very excited to know it was him and not Lu, since the lycan used to come first whenever Cane just woke up from bad injuries. 
All the warriors greeted their alphas and it seemed, to see Cane again had lifted their moral and for the first time in months, they looked like they had hope again. 
Cane pushed Ethan away from his face. Why would they keep getting on his face? 
"I want to see the shield." Cane didn’t waste his time at all. He was going to get his mate. She was due in a few weeks. 
Decratic wouldn’t kill Iris, he was sure about that, but he couldn’t tell the same about their babies. If Iris was still pregnant, he didn’t have a lot of times before their babies were here. 
He had to get her before her due. 
But, if their babies were no longer with them, he still had to get Iris out of Decratic’s grasp. This was not over yet. He was going to kill him even if it cost his life. 
"Don’t you want to eat first?" Lou asked when he saw Cane demanded to be taken to the shield.
###Chapter 951: THE FINAL BATTLE (17)
Chapter 951: THE FINAL BATTLE (17)
"Cane, I think you really need to get some rest first." Jace looked at the alpha and was very concern about his condition. He just woke up after months of being unconscious. It must have taken a toll on his body, seeing how his wounds didn’t heal yet. 
However, the first thing he did when he opened his eyes was to find a way to deal with the situation. The beta felt so uneasy, lest his condition worsened. He could see the impact of his presence to the moral of the warriors. 
If he fell, they would lose hope again. Jace knew very well how atrocious it was to be given hope only to be taken away, leaving you in deeper misery.
"Where is them?" Cane ignored Jace concerned. He didn’t want to wait at all. He had kept her wait for months. 
"Them? Who?" Jace turned around and watched all the people, who followed Cane here. 
"Come here," Cane said. He gestured for Lou, Cedric, Cezi and Zale to come closer to him. The four of them understood what he intended to do. 
"Alpha Cane, if we used the divine power to try to break the shield again, they will come to us. Decratic will send his mind controller after us," Cezi tried to explain the situation to Cane. "The last time, we lost fifty three people on our side." 
"I have told him about that," Lou said. "He didn’t want to listen." 
"Try it again," Cane said. He stared at the shield. He could tell this was a strong one, even when he didn’t know much about magic. 
"Alpha, you will put the people in danger if you..." Cedric wanted to make it clear that it was not an option and they had tried it, but Cezi put his hand on his shoulder to stop him. 
Meanwhile, the merchant was already folding his sleeves. "Well, if you insisted. Let’s go brat!" He patted Zale’s shoulder, but more like he hit him, because it was too harsh and the boy stumbled forward. 
"I have a name, you tacky man!" Zale growled at Lou, pretending the hit didn’t hurt at all. 
Seeing this, Jace knew there was no negotiation. He backed down and ordered the warriors to prepare themselves. They had fought the mind controller before, so they knew what they expected. 
Ethan watched Cedric, Lou, Cezi and Zale took their position with a frown. Why he was not part of them? He was still annoyed about that. 
On the other hand, Cane gave his undivided attention to the impact that the four of them could pull against the shield. 
His eyes flickered in red color. The lycan within him was enraged, so was he. 
============================= 
"You can’t be here." 
A young, lanky man came out of hiding. He looked a little bit older than Joel, but from his figure, Iris could tell that he was not a shifter. He was not a magic user, but he reeked of black magic. She had seen him a few times, following Dexter or Kellan. 
The two of them couldn’t do any harm on her because of Decratic’s order, but they also couldn’t get close to her because Iris wouldn’t be polite. 
"You shouldn’t be here," he said. 
"Why not?" Iris asked. She tightened her grip on Annie’s hand, while the little girl tried to hide behind her back. The other fifteen little girls looked terrified. They backed away to the shadow. 
"Prince Kellan will be so mad," he said. "I came here to get her. Annie, come with me. Sir Kellan wanted to see you." 
"No. No. I don’t want to go!" Annie started sobbing. 
"You look so dirty. Someone will clean you up. Prince Kellan will be mad if he saw you like this." He furrowed his brows. He didn’t want to do it, but he couldn’t disobey the order. 
"She will not go anywhere. She will come with me." Iris narrowed her eyes at him. "Back off, Letto." 
"Luna Iris. I can’t leave without her. Prince Kellan wanted to see her. Please understand," he said apologetically. "You can see Annie after." 
"Tell him to fuck off." Iris didn’t use to curse before, but after months lived in this hellish place, she was accustomed to it now. 
Letto grimaced when he heard her. "Luna, Iris. Please..." 
Iris gave Letto a dagger look, but she didn’t heed his plea, instead she turned around and instructed Annie to get her other friends to come with her as well. 
"Go, get them," Iris said softly. She caressed her head. "Don’t worry. I will protect you." 
"You can’t protect anyone, luna," Letto said sadly. "You are here because you are not strong enough to even protect yourself." He didn’t say it out of malice, but he was sad to see Iris’s current condition. He felt bad for her. 
"Go, Letto." Iris could see that he only wanted to help her, so she wouldn’t get herself into trouble, but the fact that he said was hurt. She didn’t even want to think how many people had died because of her backlash. 
Did it reach the area where the shifters were? It was a good thing that they didn’t come with her and Cane through the second fortress, or else, she would have killed them all without a doubt. 
However, did they survive? 
Iris didn’t even want to make a guess. 
"Luna Iris. You only troubled yourself. Sometime, you need to turn blind eyes," Letto persuaded her. "It will be easier for you too." 
"I know hardship, Letto. I grow up with it. Life has never been easy or kind to me lately. But, I will never choose an easy path for my own comfort." Iris took a step closer toward him. "I know life has never been easy to you too." 
Annie then returned with the other fifteen little girls, they were around the age of eight to twelve. They looked very dirty and smelly. Some of them were shifters, some of them had a potential to be a magic user and the rest was merely human. 
"I thank you for the fruits, I know it was you, who used to drop it in front of my door." 
Not like shifters, who could notice someone else’s scent when they were nearby, Iris could notice Letto’s presence because of the black magic within him. 
"Let’s go." Iris took all of them out of this dungeon. She would keep them in her bedroom. Decratic wouldn’t be able to come because he was still suffering from the backlash and she dared Kellan or Dexter to get close to her. 
Annie and the rest followed Iris, they walked so close to her. This time, Letto didn’t stop them. He only stood still and watched them left. 
"Luna Iris..." Annie called her, she addressed her as such because that was how Letto addressed her. "He is not bad. Sometime, he gave us food when we were being starved." 
Iris smiled at her and caressed her head. "I know, Annie. He used to give me food too." And Iris was grateful for that. 
Life had a funny way to repay your kindness. 
=============================== 
All of them were dumbstruck when they watched what their alpha could do. They knew that he was the lycan and had the ability that normal shifter couldn’t have, but to watch him fighting the mind controllers in his lycan form, taking them down within a second by using the black wisp closely made them realized how ferocious and invincible the cursed creature was. 
When Cedric, Cezi, Lou and Zale tried to breakthrough the shield, Cane observed it and found something interesting, especially when the mind controllers started coming out of the shield and attacked them. 
The alpha actually let Lu to vent out his rage and lash out on Decratic’s followers. And sure enough, the lycan didn’t leave a single soul. Actually, he wanted more of it. He wanted more blood of the enemy. 
"Retreat," Cane said after he shifted back from his lycan form. 
They followed the alpha’s command and retreated to their safety place. Cane gave instruction to Jace and Ethan about what to do, he also talked with Cezi and Derick, in separate occasion, he had a conversation with Lou and Cedric. 
Only after the alpha gave them all an assignment and concocted a plan, he could take some rest. His body had been screaming for him to rest, especially the pain on his shoulders. 
’Black magic, what else?’ 
That was Lu’s answer when Cane asked him. The lycan was pacing back and forth impatiently. He wanted to get Iris as soon as possible. Cane wanted it too, but with his current condition, he wouldn’t achieve anything if he was being reckless and impulsive. 
’Get Iris here to heal you.’ 
Cane tuned the lycan off. His only solution was to go through the barrier and get Iris. The lycan knew no plan at all. 
The next day, Cane used his time to recuperate and ask Lou to look after his wounds again. He told him to use the divine power, but it didn’t really work. 
"Well, you can’t compare the divine power I hold with the one Iris have." Lou crossed his arms in front of his chest, feeling offended because Cane gave him a dirty look, since he couldn’t heal him. "I am a merchant! Not a healer!" 
The pain was annoying for Cane and he got the four of them to do it together to make it a little bit better. 
It was manageable at most, but Cane needed a few more days to gather his strength, before he decided it was the right time. 
The lizard was still recovered from the great effort it had to exert to save Cane’s life, that was why they couldn’t use it to deliver any message to anyone out there. 
On the eighth day Cane was awake, he took all the warriors with him to the same spot, where they would try to break the shield. 
"What plan do you have?" Lou asked impatiently, he had been pestering Cane about this, but the alpha kept it to himself. "You have witnessed it with your own eyes that we can’t penetrate the shield. What are you going to do now?" 
Cane glanced at Lou, but he said nothing and the merchant was exasperated with this alpha. 
"You can tell me, you know." 
"I am saving my energy." 
"But, you are talking to me now." Lou was grumbling, annoyed. 
Ethan came over and patted his shoulder sympathetically. "What do you expect? Better save your energy." The gamma grinned, while the merchant kept grumbling. 
However, if Lou paid close attention, he would know what Cane was up to and what he actually could do. 
This was not the first barrier that he managed to breakthrough. They had stumbled a barrier before and it was Cane, who had solved the problem when they thought only Iris could do it. 
Therefore, right at this time, he did it again. 
The black wisp emerged from his body, like a living being, slithered on the ground, floating in the air and covered the sky. 
The black wisp, Lu’s power couldn’t purify the black magic like Iris did, but it could neutralize it. Cane realized it when he saw those mind controllers stepped out of the barrier. Those mind controllers had a magic user to neutralize the barrier so they could go through it. 
"Sometime, I forgot he is not only a shifter..." Lou said to no one in particular, as all of them watched how the black wisp covered the entire barrier and it looked like it fused with it. 
"Is this the power of the lycan?" Cezi muttered. 
For a few seconds, they could only hold their breath when the alpha stepped into the barrier and it didn’t reject him. 
The black wisp created a path and the end of it was the capital city, the palace.
###Chapter 952: THE FINAL BATTLE (18)
Chapter 952: THE FINAL BATTLE (18)
All the little girls refused to be cleaned when they arrived in Iris’s bedroom. She got a nice bedroom of the queen, which meant, previously it was Della’s bedroom. 
It was spacious enough to accommodate all of them and they could see the garden from there. This was the second best bedroom after the king’s, which of course was occupied by Decratic. 
However, after Iris convinced them and healed some of their wound, they relented and finally cleaned themselves and now, they looked pretty and smelled good. 
Yet, they became terrified, because usually whenever they were clean, something horrible would happen to them. 
Iris’s heart ached for them. She could see the trauma in their eyes and it reflected her own. She could see how scared and helpless they were and it felt like she was seeing herself. 
"It’s okay... No one will hurt you. Stay close to me, okay..." Iris kissed them all and healed their wounds. 
Ten of them were shifters, including Annie, four of them had potential to be magic users and the two little girls were human. 
The shifters in this age had not yet had their healing ability fully developed, thus their wounds needed time to heal. 
They were surprised to see how Iris healed them and wanted to see more of the warm light. Their expressions were very innocent and they crept closer to Iris, wanting to touch her or simply be in her presence. 
"Is there a baby there?" One of the little girls, pointing her finger at Iris’s big stomach. 
"There are two babies here," Iris said. She smiled genuinely for the first time, as she talked about her babies, while from the corner of her eyes, she could see how her little lights fluttered in the air. Her lazy one actually rested on top of one of the children’s head, seemingly too lazy to move like the other one. 
Seemingly, she would be dealing with a very chill child later and the active one. They would be complete opposite of each other. 
"Two babies? How can you have so many babies in your stomach?" They asked curiously. 
Iris really loved their company. For the next days, life felt a little bit lighter with them around her. Letto would come to drop some food with a big portion this time, not only fruit, because he knew the little girls lived with her. 
Meanwhile, Kellan was fuming. He couldn’t get the little girls he wanted and the remaining little girls that still alive was with Iris now. 
"I am going to kill you if you harmed him," Dexter warned Kellan when he beat Letto up because he couldn’t retrieve any girl from Iris. 
The young, lanky man looked beaten up, his nose was bleeding and he sustained ugly bruises on his body. 
"Kill me? Are you sure you can kill me?" Kellan raised his brows. He stepped on Letto’s head, while he bit his tongue to not make a sound. He was trained not to make a sound and with Kellan, he knew he would enjoy torturing him if he was as much as whimpering. 
Kellan was in distressed because he couldn’t get the girls he wanted and he couldn’t come closer to Iris. He knew better not to provoke her. She was different now. He witnessed the aftermath of her backlash. She was powerful. Someone that he didn’t want to mess with. 
Dexter narrowed his eyes, he didn’t like this man ever since the first time they met. He was full of himself and now he was full of shit. 
"Back off!" Dexter roared. He couldn’t kill him because of the black magic, but it didn’t mean he couldn’t get Letto back. He was his personal servant and degrading him was the same like looking down on him. 
He used his magic to send Kellan across the room, as his body hit the wall and left a huge dent there, effectively released Letto from under his feet. 
"Leave," Dexter said to the young man, as he scrambled to his feet. 
Letto immediately left after he thanked his master. Dexter was evil, but he had never done something Kellan did and in his eyes, he was his savior. He had been following him since he was little, as he took him out of misery, giving him more comfortable life than when he was in the Black Market. 
He didn’t know why, but for some reason, Dexter only loved one woman as far as Letto knew, he was infatuated with her somehow. 
Letto watched Dexter approached Kellan before he closed the door behind him. If Kellan was in his right mind, he should know better not to cross Dexter. His master had been very terrifyingly upset ever since the death of his father and how that particular alpha managed to escape his grip. 
Decratic didn’t help too because he lost a great amount of strength, since he wanted to get Na back and kill the babies in Iris’s womb. 
It was a gloomy afternoon. The day was very short during the winter and the temperature became really cold during the night. 
In the past, Letto used to serve Aria, because his master didn’t really need his help. Even though she was not always treating him well, but she wouldn’t always lash out of him either. At the very least, he had someone to look after during his free time. 
And now, he used to look after the luna and the children. He would often give them food, just like what he was going to do now. He went to the kitchen and everyone gave him a dirty look because they used to look at him as one of Decratic’s people and took some food from there. 
They didn’t like him, but they didn’t dare to stop him too, that was why, he could sneak food to Iris and the children. 
Letto liked to go to her bedroom and listen to her when she told the children story. He would sit under her window and listen to her voice. The luna had a lot of stories and his favorite was the little girl and the monster. 
But this time when he dropped the food on her door like usual, suddenly the door was opened from inside and the luna’s figure appeared before him. 
"What happened to your face?" Iris knew Letto was here, she could sense it. She intended to invite him inside, as she was going to tell story. Because it was cold outside and she knew, he had been listening to her. 
"Ah, it’s... it’s nothing." Letto was about to flee, but Iris grabbed his hand and sighed deeply. 
"Come here." She took him into the bedroom and healed his bruised, the pain subsided significantly and then gone. It amazed Letto. 
The children welcomed him once they learned he was not there to take them to Kellan and by the end of the night, they listened to Iris’s story. 
It was weird to have this little bit of normalcy and warm in this cold night and harsh situation. 
But after that day, Letto would often come by and listened to the story, or simply participated in playing with the children, though some of them were a little bit withdrawn from him, still afraid he would take them away and would be very aggressive if he accidentally touched them. 
Letto liked to be in Iris’s presence, she taught him how to read and write too like the rest of the children. 
However, his little happiness didn’t last for long, because a week later something very massive happened. The shield that Decratic created around the capital city had been penetrated. 
Decratic finally came out of his bedroom and Dexter, Kellan and Gedam were summoned. Gedam was the head of the mind controller, he was very loyal to Decratic, just like Zeke. 
From what Letto learned, the shifters managed to break into the capital city and they currently charged forward to the palace. 
If this was a shifter, Letto knew, who it could be and he was torn. Would this be alright to inform the luna about this? Would he betray Decratic and his master? But, the luna had been very nice to him. She treated him very well, shouldn’t he repay her kindness. 
In the middle of his dilemma, his feet took him to the luna’s bedroom, but before he could enter, he saw Kellan marched toward the same room and barged in. 
What he was going to do there? Letto immediately came closer to see what happened and heard them speaking. 
Meanwhile, Iris had been sensing something. She felt something was happening and for a few days, she couldn’t get to Cane. She was afraid something massive happened to him. Did Kellan and Dexter or the mind controllers finally got their hand on him? 
But, there was no way they were being quiet about it. Decratic wouldn’t miss this chance to torture her and turn her dark. The fact it didn’t happen gave her some peace of mind. 
And here, he was when Iris thought she could compose herself. The man in her every nightmare. He was standing there after he torn down her door and scared all the children around her. 
"Why don’t we have a talk about this? I think you have a few things that belong to me," Kellan said impatiently. He was sent here with an instruction, but even without the order, he would love to mess with her some time. 
"They are mine now," Iris said. She gestured for the children to move to the other part of the bedroom and closed the door. There were three sections of room inside this massive bedroom of the queen. 
"Are they? Just like you used to be mine?" Kellan snickered, his lustful eyes fell on her stomach. "I heard you have a set of twin girls before. They would be a year old now if they were still alive, right?" 
Iris gritted her teeth, she knew what Kellan aimed of. She had prepared herself for it, but she still found it hard to talk about her death babies, especially when it came from his dirty mouth. 
"What a pity. Within seven years, they would be very adorable, just like you at that age. You are the most adorable little girl that I have ever seen." Kellan smiled, he took a cautious step closer to her. "You forgot about our play time before, but I am sure you remember about it now, right? Or should I help you to remember that?" 
That was it. Iris couldn’t hold back her rage. She lashed out, as she let her anger got the best of her. black wisp filled the room, the tendrils of the it, shaped into sharp blades that would destroy anything that it touched and Iris minced Kellan’s body in the fit of madness. 
At the same time, the same black wisp killed so many mind controllers, they didn’t even see it when their head rolled on the ground. 
Dexter was assigned to face Cane with the remaining magic users he had, which he gladly accepted. He had been wanting to have a face off with Cane without the interfering of Rei. 
He was going to kill the alpha for what he had done to Aria. 
This time, he was going to torture him for good, just like how he had been torturing that woman. He would avenge her. 
Dexter and Gedam led their own forces to face the alpha and the warriors. They were fighting fiercely. Victims fell rapidly from both side before they could find their nemesis. 
Lou tilted his head. He knew Gedam was a mind controller and he could feel something more about him. 
"You go first, I will take care of him," he said to Cedric and the other beasts. 
"Are you playing hero, sorcerer?" Gedam taunted Lou. 
"I am a merchant," Lou corrected him. He didn’t wait for long before he attacked him first.
###Chapter 953: THE FINAL BATTLE (19)
Chapter 953: THE FINAL BATTLE (19)
It was tricky when you have to fight a mind controller, not to mention the skillful one. But, for the note this was not the first time Lou had a face off with a mind controller. 
Yes, they were pain in the ass, but there was a way to take them down if you were careful enough. 
Red light came chasing down Gedam when Lou started attacked him, it destroyed a stone when the light hit it. The damage was unthinkable if it really hit you. 
But, Gedam was agile enough to dodge everything, he moved around and got two beasts to attack Lou, which made the merchant had to kill one of them and restrain the other. It was not a good feeling to kill your comrade, but then it was either he had to kill them or he was the one, who would be killed. 
They danced in this fight for a while, until Lou had enough of it and put fire around him, trapped him in this circle of flames, which ready to burn him down. 
"Do you really think you have gotten me?!" Gedam shouted. "Watch this!" 
Lou shouldn’t have looked at him, technically he didn’t, because all he could see was his reflection on the flames, but apparently, for someone as expert as Gedam, it was enough. Lou fell into his trick, 
But, this was not like anything that he knew about the mind controller, because instead of controlling him, Lou fell into an illusion. This was a scene that he was very familiar with, the scene from his deepest nightmare. 
"Fuck..." Lou cursed grimly when he was forced to witness how his mother died. She was known to be witch at the time where being a magic user was a sin in Karam continent. 
But, what messed Lou up so much was; his mother was the last witch that the Karam people killed officially, because after that, change happened and they started to open up with the magic users. 
Lou remembered the day before his mother’s execution, she told him how much she loved him. How he had to survive and not to use his magic. 
His beautiful mother, who looked so radiant in her red dress, died wearing the same dress that she loved. His father allowed her to wear it as the last form of kindness for her, they said. 
What a bullshit. 
Lou was only six years old when his father took him to watch the last moment of his mother. What he meant by the last moment was when those people burned her alive and Lou still could smell the burning flesh that filled the air of that day. 
What a kind father he had there... 
And Lou repaid that kindness by making himself as his only child. He made sure, he wouldn’t have any other child aside from him, so he would be certain that he would only ’love’ him. 
After the devastating death of his mother, the illusion brought him back to that night, where his mother talked to him for the last time. 
Her haggard figure approached him and touched his shoulder, telling him to live. "Do not ever use your magic. Never use it." 
Lou looked at her in the eyes, but he actually burned her, since she was the one, who touched him, it was easy for him to burn her. 
And the illusion ended. Instead of his mother, it was Gedam, who was being caught in a fair. He roared painfully, as the flames couldn’t be put off, even when he rolled on the ground. 
No one would be able to put it off, unless Lou canceled the spell and it would only end the moment there was nothing left of him, not even his bones. 
"Seriously, my mother was not as bulky as you," Lou grumbled. "What an idiot." 
The merchant closed his eyes. He won this battle, but there was still war that was waiting for him, thus he couldn’t let that stupid illusion to bother him. 
Lou sighed deeply and watched how the battle kept progressing around them, but for sure, they were moving toward the palace, where the black beast led the way. 
However, Dexter caught up with Cane. He still had a lot of things unresolved with the alpha. He would have avenged his lover if Decratic allowed him to go beyond the shield, but this alpha actually did him a favor by coming on his own. 
"I am going to kill you the way you killed her," Dexter growled and Cane didn’t even give him think twice before he unleashed Lu. The lycan had been nagging in his head to play roll in this and Cane allowed him to deal with this nuisance before their eyes. 
Cane didn’t have time to play around with Dexter, he needed to get to Iris as fast as he could and the lycan would do the job faster... 
On the other hand, inside the palace, Iris was consumed with rage once again with the sight of Kellan. She gritted her teeth to control her emotion, knowing it would give power to Decratic. She had done a great job all this time, she shouldn’t have ruined it. 
However, it was not easy when everything around her triggered her. The sight of Kellan, what he said, especially when he started mentioning her babies with his dirty mouth. Iris wanted to rip him apart. She wanted him to die a miserable death. 
Tear of anger rolled down her cheek when she minced Kellan’s body with her black wisp. 
However, the black wisp didn’t contain her divine power, which now gradually decreased because of her rage, thus she couldn’t use it, in that case, her attack was close to useless against Kellan’s undying body. 
Once she was done, thinking Kellan was no more, his body started to heal and within a few second, he looked fine, as if the torment earlier had never happened. 
"Iris... you can’t hurt me. My little Iris... don’t you want to play our game again?" 
Iris’s eyes grew darker when she attacked him again. The sight of it was gruesome, but Decratic harvested on her negative feeling and right now, he was ready to go out there to put the end of this mess. 
He was going to kill a bunch of dogs today. 
Decratic looked nothing like Alan right now, instead he looked like Nexus, the spy that Cane put in the Celestial Moon pack, who had been constantly giving them report about what happened there, but it had been months, since his last report and now they knew why.
But, no matter what face he used, he was the same lunatic creature, who wanted Iris for himself. At first, the feeling of building up negative emotions that came from Iris making him grew stronger. 
Kellan did his purpose perfectly and this essentially ruined her ability to use her divine power, which made Iris’s power was useless against them. 
And by the time Decratic arrived at the queen’s bedroom, the chaos that had occurred there couldn’t be described with words. 
Letto had taken all the children with him, hid them in safe place when Iris’s strong power blew the roof, destroyed the ceiling and torn down the walls. The tendrils of the black wisp were enough to smash up everything it touched. 
And when Decratic came over, Iris had completely lost it, her blue eyes had turned very dark, the aura around her had turned bleak and gloomy, there was no light that came from her and this made Decratic smiled. 
This was what he wanted for her. Keeping her on edge by letting Kellan roam around this place, letting her knew that her worse nightmare was living beneath the same roof like her. 
She suppressed her emotions really well during that time, but currently, the suppressing feeling was unleashed and it was akin to a broken dam, where she couldn’t control it once it was leaked. 
"Good girl... you are a good girl," Decratic approached Iris and easily ward off the black wisp that tried to attack him. Once he was in front of her, he kissed her forehead. "Let it out. Let it out. You don’t need to hold it back. It’s good. There is nothing important in this realm, you better to destroy everything. This life is so cruel, right? You don’t need to be kind. Kindness for the weak." 
Iris’s eyes completely turned dark and the pain on her thigh intensified, the same with the pain in her heart when her sadness and anger turned ten folds stronger. 
She remembered everything that she had gone through, the grief and the pain and all the unresolved trauma and suppressing feeling she had. It was painful, but it felt great when she could let it out, the feeling was addicted and she lost in that pleasure. 
She didn’t need to hold it back anymore. 
This was not a feeling anymore. Before, when she was in pain, she wanted the world to crumble to her feet and make all the people to feel her pain, but right now, she could make it happened and it felt so good to get her revenge on this realm. 
She wanted to destroy everything. Decratic wanted her to destroy everything. 
"Good job, Iris. Good job." He couldn’t get Na back, but it didn’t matter. He liked this woman and because Na’s life essence had fused with her, it meant, she was Na too, right? "No one knew your pain, but me. I will never criticize you when do not meet their expectation. You don’t need always to be kind. You have your emotions, you are angry and you harbor a hatred too and that’s okay... you don’t need to be perfect and kind all the time, you can hate everything that you don’t like and I will stay by your side. Let’s burn this world together. This world doesn’t deserve you." 
Outside of the palace, the lycan fought Dexter, the cursed creature really didn’t make thing easy for him, as he tore him apart, but to his annoyance, Dexter’s body just like Osana and Zeke, or any other living being that had been inflicted by black magic, as they had this annoying undying body. 
Which meant, the lycan could only torture him, but his ultimate death would never come, unless one of Iris’s protectors stepped in and finished him off. 
That was when Cezi joined the fight, as he realized the nature of it. 
Cezi’s beast was in golden brown color, it was not as big as the lycan, but he moved very agile to dodge every attack from Dexter and when the lycan managed to capture him, the black magic user made a desperate attempt to attack the lycan, as he used Aria’s illusion to stop him. 
It was Aria in her worse condition during their slavery days, the time when she lost her baby and looked devastated. Cane would come to comfort her at that time. 
Aria looked so weak, haggard and pitiful. 
However, the one that Dexter faced was not Cane and even if it was the alpha, he had moved pass that. The sight didn’t bother him at all. 
Even when Aria stood in front of him, begging him to stop, the black wisp in the shape of spear, pierced through her figure and stabbed Dexter on his eyes before Cezi took this opportunity to make a clean cut. 
Dexter’s body was cut into half, his upper body was thrown on the ground, while Cezi destroyed his lower body. 
The divine power that was inflicted on him put him in a lot of agony, the same agony that his father had gone through. 
Unfortunately, he was not one of the pillars, thus his death was not exactly a bonus point. The lycan tore his body into half again, where he was still alive, but he couldn’t heal as fast as before and Cezi gave the final blow.
###Chapter 954: THE FINAL BATTLE (20)
Chapter 954: THE FINAL BATTLE (20)
"Na... my Na..." Decratic sang her name. "Iris... Iris... whoever you are, you are mine now." He caressed her cheek. The sight of her stomach irked him, but he only needed a few more weeks to get rid of those unpleasant things. "We are together now finally." 
Decratic caressed her cheeks and watched her blue eyes turned dark, he kissed her lips and traced her jawline, down to her neck, where he could see Cane’s mark on her skin. 
There was a malice that flickered in his red eyes when he saw that. Decratic then put his hand behind her head and his other hand on her waist to steady her before he sunk his teeth on her mark, which made Iris wailed in pain. 
The sky turned dark when the storm came, thunder and lightening split the sky. A very bad feeling lingered in the air, which made anyone nearby felt restless. 
Meanwhile, Iris was in so much pain, as Decratic got rid of Cane’s mark on her neck. The process was very painful, it was very vicious. The evil creature tastes her blood and he sunk his teeth deeper, held her body steadily when she retaliated. 
The more pain Iris felt, the more nature went berserk. The ground rattled, the red smoke from the gates of hell became thicker, it spread far, poisoning anything in its wake. Dead monsters came to live and the new one emerged from there. 
On the other hand, fighting the mind controller had dwindled the warriors in number, though they could handle them, but the number of the fallen warriors was alarming. 
Right now, the shield around the palace had been broken and the spread of the poisonous miasma made all of them were cornered to move toward the palace, but at the same time, they were going closer toward Decratic. They didn’t know what kind of trick he had under his sleeves, the moment he saw them were being stuck between the poisonous miasma and him. 
"Come here, come here!" Letto instructed them to follow him, he guided the little girls away from Iris and Decratic, as he watched how prince Kellan’s body started to heal after such cruel torment that the luna did to him. 
He shuddered. 
Following Dexter for ages made Letto understood that black magic was a great deal, but he didn’t realize it until now how strong black magic was actually. 
"But, the luna..." Annie stopped, she looked over her shoulder and watched Iris was in Decratic’s arms. The man hugged her tightly, while the luna screamed in so much agony. 
"It’s okay. She will be fine," Letto said to soothe her worry, though he himself didn’t know what would happen to Iris. 
However, right now he needed to get them to a safety place, lest they accidentally stuck in this chaos. 
Annie and the rest of the children followed Letto. He took them to the safety place near prince Alan’s quarter, while the other guards and servants had runaway, they tried to escape during this catastrophe. With the shield finally broke down, they could go out of the capital city now. 
"Hold each other hand tightly!" Letto said and all the girls listened to the instruction. 
Letto wanted to look for his master, but he knew that Dexter would be in the front line, which meant he couldn’t bring these girls with him, because it would be very dangerous. His plan was to look for a safety place for them before he searched for his master. 
Above them, the sky turned very dark and rain started pouring down. This was the black rain. The situation was almost like months ago, when the sky had turned very dark and black rain was pouring down, but this time, storm threatened to blow them away. 
And amidst this harsh howling wind, you could hear Iris’s scream, wailing in pain, as the mate bond was threatening to snap. This was not the first time their bond was being broken, but this time, Decratic determined to make it permanent. Something that they couldn’t fix anymore. 
At the same time, the lycan could feel it, so did Cane. The cursed creature’s roar thundered, as he dashed toward the two of them. 
The roof of the bedroom had gone and the walls had been torn down, which showed him what Decratic was doing to his mate. 
The holler from the lycan split the sky, as the black wisp from him emerged like black cloud, like a massive shadow that would blind your sight. 
Everyone was terrified to see this, even the warriors stopped to watch what the lycan was doing and how much power that he had. 
However, they didn’t have time to be spectators, because the ground started shaking and shattering. Some of the warriors fell into the deep abyss when they didn’t expect it, while the other immediately snapped from their fascination, sensed the danger and immediately tried to save themselves. 
The situation became harder when the red smoke of poisonous miasma spread widely and rendered them unable to move, so they couldn’t avoid the fissures on the ground and fell to their death. 
"Damn it! As if we need more trouble than this!" Lou cursed under his breath, as he tried to save himself, Lil Thing rushed beside him and the bear nudged him to climb on its back. 
However, the red smoke didn’t only appear in the capital city, it spread through the air so fast, even the rain couldn’t prevent it, as it reached the nearby villages and killed a lot of people there. 
In no time, it reached Celestial Moon pack, Red Claw pack and then Golden Light pack, where Aliana, Abby and the rest chose to stay. 
"The smoke is moving..." Joel noticed it when he came for Aliana like usual. She also noticed that. "We need to go back and inform the other about it." 
With that, the two of them shifted into their beast and immediately rushed back to the pack. They had to prepare for the worst.
###Chapter 955: THE FINAL BATTLE (21)
Chapter 955: THE FINAL BATTLE (21)
Abby looked up the sky, while holding her newborn. She had this bad omen ever since she saw the black rain started pouring down and the sky became so dark. She knew for sure that this had something to do with Decratic and Iris. 
"Ssh... Ssh..." Abby rocked her baby that started crying, as if she could feel her concern. "It’s okay, Bielle, it’s okay." 
From the corridor, loud footsteps echoed and not long after there was a knock on her door. It was Aliana. She entered the room even before Abby allowed her to come. 
"This is not good," Aliana said. 
"I know." Abby thought Aliana was talking about the black rain and the dark sky, but actually, there was something worse than that. 
"The red smoke from the poisonous miasma spread around. It’s expanded. It will reach here soon." 
Abby’s blue eyes hardened. She rushed out of the room with the crying baby in her arms. "How much time we have?" 
"I don’t know, maybe two to three hours," Aliana replied, he rushed behind her. 
The two of them entered the carriage that took them to the fortress to see how much time they actually had to prepare for the impact. 
"No... it will reach here less than two hours," Abby said and Aliana agreed once they could see it clearer from on top of the fortress. 
This was not a bunch of monsters that they were facing, it was something that their warriors would be helpless to fight of. 
And their best shoot was... 
"Abby, this will be up to you," Aliana said. Abby was not the only magic user here, there were ten more, but surely she was their best chance, since they didn’t have enough magic stone with them, more so, she was the only one, who could summon the Sylph. 
"I know." Abby was well aware of the gravity of the situation. She glanced at her baby that was still crying. "I know, but I need you to promise me one thing." 
"What is it?" Aliana asked. 
People were clamoring around them, as they called the remaining magic users to gather at the fortress. Everyone was very tensed and the pack members could feel it. Soon enough, all of them learned their predicament. 
"Please, protect my baby." Abby wouldn’t be able to take care of her baby, while she protected the pack. "Please, protect my Bielle." 
She didn’t know where Liam was right now and any hope to find him right now had diminished into nothing. 
If she had to lose her baby too. She didn’t know what would happen to her. Now she could really feel and understand the dark days that Iris went through when she lost her babies. 
"I promise." Aliana cradled the crying baby in her arms. Her eyes filled with determination. She felt very protective for the baby, as if she was her own. After all, she was there when she was born. She was the one, who helped Abby to give birth. "I will protect her." 
Abby nodded. She believed Aliana would protect her Bielle. 
With that, they started to make a plan of how to survive this. Because the whole pack was too big and it would take a lot of energy for them to protect such large area, thus they chose to stay inside the pack house. 
Therefore, all of the people gathered inside the pack house and then Abby started to summon the Sylph, as the ten magic users gathered. Their only chance was to put the barrier around the pack house. 
This was the same method like what Cane did when their pack was attacked by the crows. They opened the pack house and let all the pack member to take shelter inside. 
However, there was one thing that they failed to notice. 
Amidst the red smoke, the monsters started to appear. It emerged from the fissures on the ground and sure enough, the barrier wouldn’t last long with their brutal attack. 
"The shield will not last for long if this continued," one of the magic users said, she was having a hard time to maintain the shield. 
Meanwhile, Abby was also struggling. She looked very pale. As someone, who just recently gave birth, it was already a big deal for her to exert such strength. Her body still had not yet fully recovered. 
"We will not make it," the magic users said, she looked very dreadful, as she realized there was no way out of here. This would be the end of them. 
"I saw the device!" Arella said. "I saw the device that the merchant created!" She suddenly remembered this. She asked about this device to Joel before and he explained what kind of device was that. "Joel, do you think we can use it?!" 
Joel widened his eyes, he completely forgot about the device that could prevent monster attack. The merchant had invented this thing. 
"But, we need to activate it," Aliana said. 
"There is still time, if we can reach the fortress, we can activate it and maybe it will hold back the monsters, giving us enough time." Joel thought about it and came up with this solution. 
He was right. They felt like kicking their butt when they forgot about this crucial detail, putting them in dangerous situation now. 
"I will go to activate the device." Joel volunteered. 
"Good job, Arella." Aliana flashed a warm smile to the timid girl. It still bothered her when she knew what she had gone through in Kellan’s hand. Thankfully, she recovered really well. Mentally and physically. "I will go with you, Joel," she said, but Joel refused. 
"I can move faster than you, Aliana. More importantly, I know how to activate the device." When Lou built the device in their pack, he came to help too, so more or less, he knew how to operate it. 
"I am as fast as you, you might need help out there," Finn said. "I am going with you. I know how to activate the device too." 
They had gone through a lot together and after their mission in the Goffa mountain, where the king died, they lost a lot of friends around their age. That was why they were very close, because there were not many warriors from Howling Wolf pack around their age right now. 
"Let’s go!" Finn shifted into his beast form before Joel could reject that, thus he could only follow his best friend and raced him to the fortress. 
Fortunately, they were not the only person, who remembered about this device. The inventor of this thing finally remembered his work in this capital city before everything turned very chaotic. 
Riding on Lil Thing’s back, Lou activated his device. At the very least, when they had to deal with Decratic, his followers, black magic users and this red smoke, they didn’t need to fight against those ugly monsters too. 
Lou cursed himself to forget about it. What to do? He was a busy man, okay... 
Redmond’s wolf raced beside Lil Thing, as they avoided the crack on the grounds. There were so many warriors had fallen to the abyss. 
In the distance, they could see Cedric was having a hard time to dodge the crack and almost fell too, but Zephyr’s beast immediately came to his rescue and the knight ended up riding on the beast’s back. 
"We need to stop Decratic from hurting the luna further!" Cedric shouted against the roaring thunder. They were drenched in black rain and Lou couldn’t be more upset than this. He hated this black rain with passion. 
"That’s not a news at all! We know that! But, the problem here is ’how’?!" Lou shouted back, as thunder and lightening split the dark sky. It was very terrifying. 
"Help the lycan to get close to Decratic and the luna!" Cedric looked around. "Where are alpha Cezi and Zale?!" 
"Ah! That young brat! Where is he?!" Lou scoured the area. "Don’t tell me he fell into one of the fissures?!" 
Lil Thing suddenly turned right and started to rush toward the east side of the palace, where Redmon, Zephyr and Cedric followed after the bear. 
Good thing was, when they found Zale, he was with Cezi and Derick. From the look of it, Derick seemingly had injured himself and was forced to shift back into his human form. Cezi and Zale were in their human form too, as they took care of the old former alpha. 
"What is it? What happened?" Lou got off Lil Thing’s back, so did Cedric, as they approached them. 
They shouldn’t stay in one place for so long, because the fissure could appear under their feet all of sudden. It would be too late for them to avoid it. 
"My father breathed too much red smoke," Cezi said grimly. He tried to heal him with Zale help too. He couldn’t be thankful enough for luna Iris to make him her protectors, or else, he wouldn’t be able to heal his father. 
Of course, he knew Iris didn’t have a say in it, but he still felt very grateful for her. 
"We need to move now, put him on Lil Thing’s back, we can’t stay here for long," Lou said. He watched how the red smoke spread so wide and now they were closer to where Decratic and Iris were with no way back. 
"I am fine now," Derick said, he groaned when they helped him to get on Lil Thing’s back. He felt bad because he held them. "Is there a plan?" he asked. 
"Yeah, there is one." Lou narrowed his eyes, because in the distance he could see the lycan had reached where Iris and Decratic were, but he couldn’t get through the barrier that the devil created, though he should be able to neutralize the dark magic. 
This time, it must be different if he couldn’t neutralize it. 
Cedric explained briefly their simple plan. "Now, the problem is, how can we get there in time." 
Lou stood up and then created a portal. "Problem solved." 
The portal appeared close to the lycan was and beside him, Jace and Ethan were there too, but the two of them couldn’t get closer than this. 
The power from Decratic, the pain from Iris that fed him and also the power from lycan had created this strong whirlwind full of black magic. 
Normal shifter would feel very suffocated when they got closer to them and where Jace and Ethan were standing was the closer they could get to them. 
"What now?!" Cedric shouted against the harsh, howling wind. "How can we help?!" 
In truth, they were the one, who needed to be helped, because they were in more dire situation. The red smoke was getting closer and the harder the lycan tried to break the shield, the harder it was for them to breath. 
Right now, the palace had been destroyed, it was nothing, but a foundation. You could only imagine what kind of catastrophe that was going on that could destroy a whole building like a palace. 
The lycan hollered when he felt the mate bond snapped. It was gone. It had gone. Decratic had gotten rid of his mark on her. 
The agony of it was horrendous, the lycan’s body fell to the ground and the black wisp burst. It looked like a huge shadow casted upon them, but from behind it, inside the barrier where Iris and Decratic were, there was this cracking sound and a second later the barrier shattered into pieces, where Decratic emerged with Iris in his arms. 
"Should we kill him first?" Decratic asked, he tilted his head at the lycan. 
Decratic looked different. His presence was very strong. You could feel the power that emanated from his body. The malice in his eyes. 
But, Iris looked empty, blood streamed down from her neck. Her mark had gone and now she looked like a lifeless doll in Decratic’s arms. 
"Let’s get rid of him."
###Chapter 956: THE FINAL BATTLE (22)
Chapter 956: THE FINAL BATTLE (22)
The mark that connected her with Cane had gone, which only left the connection between her and Decratic. The bond between the Serafim and Decratic. The balance between light and darkness. 
Iris felt like she was being drawn, but she was too lazy to save herself. She was too tired. Her anger, pain and misery made the silence in this darkness became very therapeutic, something that she needed. 
She was spent because of the rage she felt, the never ending battle, which resulted the death of so many people she held so dear. Probably, this was her sign to stop trying and let everything happened as it was. 
This was very quiet here, very peaceful. It was the opposite of what was going on out there. Too many deaths, too many pain, too many gut- wrenching cries... she didn’t want that anymore when she was finally being in peace. 
She watched from behind a murky veil how the world collapsed, how people died, the red smoke that spread throughout the land of this continent had consumed so many souls. They died without being able to fight back. 
And right now, out there, if she was stepping out from this quiet place, she would watch the man that she loved being brutally murdered. Iris could see how much in pain Cane was when the bond between them snapped and vanished. 
She was also in the same pain. 
The connection that she built so hard for months in order to reach to him in his deep illusion, was destroyed when Decratic got rid of her mark. 
She was in the dark now. 
Meanwhile, in the reality that Iris didn’t want to face, the ground was spilt, the air was contaminated, world crumbled and the lycan was in agony... 
The four of Iris’s protectors reached the lycan in time and created a barrier around them, as they helped the lycan. Aside from the pain from the mate bond, the cursed creature had breathed so much poisonous miasma, in which soon enough Cane was forced back into his human form. 
"Are you alright?!" Lou asked Cane, he knelt down beside him. "Hey! Talk to me!" He needed to shout because the howling wind was very crazy. 
Cane gritted his teeth, but he stood up and looked at Decratic with Iris. His mate was right before his eyes, but he couldn’t reach him. What made his blood boiled was the fact Decratic had his arms around her body. 
However, there was one thing that gave him a mixed feeling, that was when he saw she was still pregnant. It was very obvious now their babies were due within a few weeks. 
"The luna is pregnant!" Jace was surprised. He and Ethan had shifted back into their human form too. 
"You don’t know?" Ethan frowned at him. 
"You know?" Jace was even more shocked when he saw Ethan didn’t seem to be surprised. "The luna has been pregnant all this time and you know? Am I the only who didn’t know about this?" He looked around and watched that Lou and Redmond didn’t seem to be surprised, while Cezi and Cedric only had a mild reaction, while Zale looked excited. 
"They wanted to keep it a secret." Ethan patted his shoulder. 
"Even from me?" 
"Don’t you think this is not the right time to mull over that?" Redmond frowned at Jace. 
The beta was speechless. He was not sure why he would be the last person, who received such news? Though Redmon was right, he was still annoyed. 
"What are you going to do now? Do you have any plan?" Lou approached Cane. He looked at him closely. 
"Can you make an opening for me to get close to them?" Cane asked, while Decratic smirked at him, as if he watched their useless attempt to retaliate as a mere entertainment. 
"Not sure," Lou said. 
However, before the conversation could continue, Decratic had used his power to send thunder against Cane small party, scattered them and widen the distance between them. 
Yet, that was not only it, because aside from countless thunder, there was these black bees that emerged from the fissure of the ground. 
They didn’t have any idea how deathly this little creature was, but sure enough, they wouldn’t risk their life to find out. 
The bees appeared in colony, at the very least, there were seven to eight colonies of bees. It moved so fast and aside dodging the thunder, they needed to dodge it too. Thing didn’t look good on their side. 
"How is it? Do you like it? Will it ease your pain?" Decratic caressed Iris’s cheeks, while she didn’t respond to her. 
"Damn these bees!" Lou roared, as a retaliation, he burned a few colonies of bees, creating fire surrounded him and the other, which was not put off even under the rain. The flames were so bright, it reflected on the dark night sky. "Cane, go! We will cover for you!" 
Cane shifted into his beast and then charged forward, followed by Lou, who climbed onto Ethan’s beast, Zale, Jace, Redmond, Ethan and Cedric on Zephyr’s back. 
Lou created an opening that Cane needed, as he gladly burned those bees from coming after them and the other created a shield around them, but a thunder was enough to break it, thus they needed to move faster than this. 
It was not easy, especially when the ground kept shaking and splitting, while vomiting these bees. 
Cane used the black wisp and killed one colony of it, but he could feel the broken mate bond impacted him. The lycan was not stable. He could feel the cursed creature clawed within him, wanted to be unleashed. The anger and the pain caused Lu to go feral. 
However, Cane couldn’t let him out yet. He would attack without any plan. Lu didn’t think straight and he would only be played within Decratic’s palm. If Cane used black wisp more than this, there was a high chance Lu would take over. 
This was their best shoot to take Decratic down. 
Cane and the other were getting closer to Decratic and the devil didn’t even falter, as if he was waiting for them. It was so sick to see him smirking at them with his degrading gaze. 
"Do you want to meet with him? Do you want to end him?" Decratic whispered to Iris’s ear, like a devil whisper. "Here. Take this. I know you treasure this dagger. End his life." 
Decractic then proceed to remind Iris everything that Cane had done to her. The way his people treated her and all the heartache and pain that she had to go through just to be acknowledged by them. 
The same old method. The same old tactic to evoke Iris’s hatred and get her lost in the darkness even more. 
"End his life, Iris. He is worth nothing. Remember how he tortured you. Remember how he raped you. Remember how those people stoned you with the intention to kill you. Remember that..." 
Decratic handed over the dagger to Iris’s hand and took a step back, as if he let Iris be in charge for this. 
Whatever feeling Iris had for Cane wouldn’t matter if he was gone and Iris wouldn’t be able to comeback once she learned, she was the one, who had killed him. 
Could you see the irony when the history repeated itself? Where the lycan would die in the hand of his lover and now Cane would walk the same path, but for him, it would be Iris herself, who would end him... 
The moment the black beast reached her, Iris stabbed his neck with the dagger in her hand. 
================================= 
Joel and Finn were in their beast form when they raced toward the fortress. There were not many warriors because most of them went to Capital City with Lou and the other, and they were the youngest. 
It was Joel, who reached the fortress first and the monsters were already on their gates and they had to hold their breath because the red smoke already crossed the fortress. 
The two beasts found the device and immediately activated it, but at the same time, they heard this loud sound from the fortress, as a Vermeyes managed to take down the wall and a few monsters barged inside. 
They were only a tad bit late, but a Vermeyes and a Geromine managed to enter. 
Joel and Finn couldn’t communicate through mind link, but they managed to know what the other was thinking by only looking into their eyes. 
They had breathed some of the red smoke and it would take effect on them soon. There was no way for them to fight a Vermeyes and a Geromine in this condition, even when they were in their best, they wouldn’t be able to outpower these monsters by only the two of them. 
Therefore, their best chance was to rush back to the pack house and ask for help. 
In that case, both of them raced toward the pack house again, praying the device that Lou created would manage to hold back those monsters out there and they only needed to deal with these two. 
However, the Vermeyes caught sight of them when they were trying to sneak around and immediately chased after the two beasts. 
Seeing this sudden aggressive movement, the Geromine gave a chase too. The two monsters were so big and they destroyed everything in their wake. 
There was this moment when the Vermeyes destroyed a house and the wall fall on Joel, injured his leg, which slowed down his pace. 
Finn turned back and Joel hollered, indicating for him to keep going, but Finn watched the Geromine was about to attack Joel because he didn’t run fast enough. 
Without a second thought, Finn jumped and clawed the Geromine’s face, cut off one of its four arms. The Geromine was thrice the size of a grown up human and had the greatest healing ability, unless you could crush its heart, it wouldn’t stop the monster even when you cut off its head. 
After that, the two of them rushed back toward the pack house again, but this time the Vermeyes was in the way and the side effect of the poisonous miasma started to get to them. Their movements began to become disorganized. 
================================== 
Decratic’s laughter filled the heavy air, as he watched the black beast fell to the ground, while Iris kneeling down, she had her hand around the beast’s neck, where she stabbed her dagger. 
Lou and all the beasts that followed Cane stopped in their track when they watched the sight before their eyes, dumbfounded to see the black beast laid on the ground with Iris hovered above him. 
"Good! Good! You have done it excellently!" Decratic guffawed. He was too happy to notice anything. His happiness radiated from his being, the darkness of his soul could be sensed by anyone presence there, as he walked toward Iris and caressed her head. "You are mine now... after all this time, you are finally mine." 
Decratic smiled brilliantly at Iris, who was still kneeling down in front of him, the rain kept pouring down and the thunder was deafening. 
However, when Iris lifted her head and looked at Decratic in the eyes, it was her clear blue eyes that greeted him. 
Decratic didn’t realize it before because Iris’s position didn’t make it clear for him to see in detail, but now he noticed the lack of blood and how Iris held her dagger upside down with the dull side against the beast’s neck. 
Before he could comprehend what actually happened and the laugh was still on his lips, Iris had stood up and when she withdrew the dagger from the beast’s neck, you could see this blinding light of the sixth sword. 
"I love him more than a mere mate bond," Iris said, as he stabbed Decratic’s heart and the black wisp engulfed him, rendered him unable to move or retaliate.
###Chapter 957: THE FINAL BATTLE (23)
Chapter 957: THE FINAL BATTLE (23)
They could hear the roaring sound of the monsters and this was too close for them to be outside of the fortress, therefore, there must be some of the monsters that managed to go through the fortress or worse... Joel and Finn failed to activate the device and now the monsters ravaged this place. 
Whatever it was, they needed to go and see what was going on. 
"Four of you! Come with me!" Aliana said. She handed back Abby’s baby to her. She kissed the baby cheek and reminded Abby not to go out and keep the place safe. "Hold down for as long as you can." 
Abby bit her lip and nodded. "Please, be careful." 
"I will." She shifted into her beast and went out of the protection shield. 
With that, Aliana went away with the other four warriors and they immediately greeted by a Vermeyes and a Geromine. 
She also spotted Finn and Joel’s beasts, they were struggling to move, an indication that they were breathing the poisonous miasma. 
It didn’t take long for Aliana and the other to attack the two monsters. They had enough experienced with the monsters and knew what to do. 
But, their real problem was the poisonous miasma, as the device from Lou could only hold back the monsters, not the red smoke and the barrier that was created to prevent it was only available around the pack house. 
Aliana gestured to two of the beasts to take Joel and Finn out of this battlefield, as they could no longer fight anymore. 
They obliged and took the two young warriors away from there, leaving Aliana and two warriors to deal with the two monsters. 
The other two warriors would return again later to help with the fight, because they really needed to end this and return to the pack house before the poisonous miasma reached them. 
However, a few minute into the fight, the ground was splitting and it swallowed the two monsters, leaving the three beasts in trepidation, as they rushed to save themselves. 
Soon enough the poisonous miasma had reached the pack house. 
============================== 
Iris was in pain, she was in this dark place, watching how everything unfolded before her eyes, but everything looked blurry, as if she was staring from under the water. 
She was consumed by the darkness. Her body was there, standing next to Decratic, but her mind wandered. It almost felt like you were not yourself anymore. 
You didn’t know the direction, up and down, or time, everything felt useless, even breathing was a labor. 
She wanted to sleep. 
She wanted to just let it go and stop fighting it. 
However, amidst that confusion, uncertainty and vagueness, Iris saw these two little lights came to her. One of the lights swirled around actively, but the second light was calm as it approached her and rested on her shoulder. 
Iris stared at the one on her shoulder and then nudged it. Upon closer look, she could see watch how it changed its shape. 
At first, the two lights were only the size of a snowflake, but then it grew, she watched the two lights grew in size and took a shape of wolf. 
They were her babies’ spirit wolves. 
The one that on her shoulder nuzzled her neck, as it curled it body comfortably close to her, while the other chased its own tail around her legs. This one seemingly couldn’t even stay in one place for a second. 
Iris had tears rolled down her eyes when she closed them and saw the light, but when she opened her eyes again, she found herself was no longer engulfed in the darkness, instead, she was in this beautiful place that she held so dear in her heart. 
The place where she took Cane when he was trapped in an illusion and now, her babies took her here too. 
The grass was white and the waterfall and the flowers were exactly like she remembered. She was sitting there under the shadow of the tree, while Cane was taking a nap, using her lap as a pillow. His face looked peaceful. 
Iris stared at Cane’s face in disbelief, as she stretched out her hand and brushed away his hair. He snored softly, he seemed to put his guard completely down, which was so unlike him. 
But then, Iris realized why. There was this barrier around them, which most likely, she was the one, who put it. 
"Mama! Mama look!" There was this a little boy, around the age of four or five, running toward her with a bunch of flowers that covered his face. 
He stumbled when he got close to her and Iris stretched out her hands out of instinct to catch him, but he was giggling mirthfully, as he gave the flowers to her. 
"For you!" His voice was like a breeze of wind in the morning, it was very refreshing to hear and make you smile with your eyes close, just to enjoy the moment. 
And when he dropped the flower, Iris could see the clearest blue eyes that she had ever seen. He had this cute curl that similar to her, but with black hair. 
Iris found the smile on his face warmed her heart. 
"Mama, why are you crying?" The little boy frowned. He put his small hands on each side of her cheeks and kissed the tip of her nose. "He is there." 
At first, Iris didn’t understand what he meant, but the little boy pointed out something behind her and when she turned her head to see what it was, she saw another little boy, curling his body against Lil Thing, both of them took a nap. 
In this moment, Iris didn’t know whether she wanted to laugh or cry. 
Was this a dream? Was this a future? 
Was this a possibility that she would have if she didn’t give up? 
Was it worth it? 
Definitely... 
The wind blew and Iris closed her eyes, but when she opened them again, what she could see was the black beast that charged toward her, Cane was coming to get her, and this white dagger in her hand. 
But more importantly, she saw her little wolves beside her. Her babies gave her a kick. 
And everything went without a plan. She only followed the notion of it and looked at the black beast’s eyes. Her clear blue eyes surprised him, but even more when Iris stabbed him with the hilt of her dagger and pushed it down. 
Cane was not sure what trick that she was trying to pull, but he would gladly play along with it. 
Both of them stared at each other. The mate bond was no longer there, but it didn’t matter, because their feeling for each other didn’t change at all. 
They had gone through a lot. They change themselves to be the better version of them. There were so many tears that was shed, as much as blood for them to be in this moment. 
They fought and lost, having hope and then losing it, there were so many miles that they treaded together, so many sleepless nights and days that they dreaded to not be able to survive this. 
They lost their babies and the world crumbled around them. 
They had walked in this life together and watched so many deaths of their loved ones. 
A mate bond couldn’t even be compared to all of the thing that they had gone through. It changed nothing and they were still the same. 
They had gone through so many miles and they would walk through many more miles in the future. 
Together. 
Iris drew the sixth sword from the black beast when Decratic came closer and stabbed him with it. Her blue eyes were so clear, it didn’t fill with anger or revenge, she seemed to detach from what she was doing. 
She didn’t feel any particular emotions when she stabbed Decratic. It was only a sense of duty, like a task that she needed to accomplish. 
Iris wanted the life that she saw earlier and she would get it. 
Killing Decratic was part of her duty, her responsibility to give a better future for her children and she did it in that spirit, not for revenge. 
Seeing how thing took a shocking turn, the black beast unleashed the black wisp to shroud Decratic, rendering him unable to get away from the sword, as he let out a long wailing pain. 
Cane shifted back into his human form and put his hand over Iris, as she held the sword and pulled it back, only to make a slashing movement and cut Decratic’s head. 
There was this roaring sound from under the ground and the thunder was rambling, as the wind hollered harshly the moment Decratic’s head separated from his body and fell to the ground. 
There was this harsh red light that filled with black magic, but Cane immediately shrouded him and Iris, also the other people around him, creating a barrier of what might happen. 
There was this backlash from Decratic’s power that destroyed everything around him and the barrier that Cane put up was the only thing that separated them from their deaths. 
Lou, Cezi, Cedric and Zale felt the divine power within them sang, as if it called for them and they used it to strengthen the barrier around them. 
The impact must be so great, as they were forced to kneel down because of the pressure. 
Cane hugged Iris close to him. Iris was too exhausted to use her power, but she summoned the Sylph to sustain more power for her protectors. 
Iris didn’t know how long it lasted, she was not even aware when she actually fell unconscious, summoning the Sylph had drained her energy and thankfully, the air spirit lasted until the end even when she was not conscious. 
In her subconsciousness, she was still fighting with them. 
From the corner of her eyes, she could see her little wolves snuggled against her and Cane. Everything would be alright now. 
Meanwhile, the backlash lasted for more than ten minutes and when everything calmed down and they put down the barrier, they watched the aftermath of it. 
Everything had turned into sands. This place basically had turned into a desert and even the magnificent palace building was gone. There was no trace of it whatsoever, which made them thinking they were in the wrong place. 
Not so far from them, they could see Decratic’s body, his body had turned very stiff, as if he made of stone and his facial expression was carved into a shock one. 
His eyes and mouth opened widely, as if he was screaming, but there was no word that came out of it. His hands stretched out, as if asking for help and his fingers curled, as though he was trying to clutch onto something. 
Lou was the first one, who came and checked on him and narrowed his eyes in disdain. 
"Hey! What we should do with this thing?" Lou asked, he pointed his finger at Decratic, nudging its body with his feet, just to be sure that this thing was really dead. 
Meanwhile, Cane was still cradling Iris in his arms. His eyes didn’t leave her face and his hand was on her wrist, checking her pulse, so he could convince himself that he didn’t lose her. 
"Destroy him," he said curtly. He didn’t care how they were going to destroy Decratic. He didn’t even want to participate and leave his mate alone for a second. 
Cane only wanted to cradle Iris like this for as long as it took for his heart to stop beating so hard with the fear of losing her. 
"Well... If you said so." Lou cracked his knuckles. He was more than willing to destroy this creature that was more like a pain in the ass. 
However, the fallen of Decratic didn’t stop the poisonous miasma. They needed to find the pillars.
###Chapter 958: THE FINAL BATTLE (24)
Chapter 958: THE FINAL BATTLE (24)
Initially, Lou thought, his fire would be enough, but as it turned out, it was not that easy to destroy Decratic’s body. 
This devil creature had a thick body that filled with black magic and it was as hard as stone. Lou’s fire couldn’t even burn it. 
Therefore, it took the four of them, the chosen protectors of the Serafim to get rid of him. They used their divine power and even so, it took them more than five hours to really purge his body. 
While the four of them had to focus on the task at hand, Cane had to find the other two pillars to stop the poisonous miasma and the monsters emerged from the fissures on the ground. 
They couldn’t rest just yet. 
"Stay with Iris," Cane said to Jace and Ethan, while he would go with Zephyr and the remaining warriors. Because Lu was the only existence that could sense the pillar, thus Cane had to leave Iris in the other’s care. 
He didn’t like the idea, but the situation didn’t allow him to stay by her side. 
The monsters had vanished because of Decratic’s backlash, but the fissures were still there and even though the backlash wiped out the red smoke that threatened to kill them, as far as the fissures still existed, the red smoke started to appear again. 
Unfortunately, just like how the backlash had eradicated everything, it killed all the surviving warriors, only a few of them managed to avoid the mass murder. 
Lil Thing managed to get away from the backlash with Derick on its back, also a dozen of warriors that followed the white bear to survive. 
It was devastating to know that they could no longer see their fellow warriors, not even their remaining was left. Everything had turned into dust. Thousand of warriors had fallen and the survivors could only star at the desert, which became a mass grave for their friends. 
They joined the alpha and Zephyr later on to find the pillar. 
There were two pillars and they had to find those two soon before the poisonous miasma spread far like before and killed all of them. 
================================ 
Letto protected the sixteen little girls, as they fled from the palace. They reached Celestial Moon pack just in time before the backlash occurred and managed to survive, as they hid inside a cave near the Untouched Land. 
"Don’t worry. Don’t worry. We will be fine," Letto said, as he consoled the two younger girls, who were crying, while the rest of them looked resigned. 
They didn’t seem to care whether they survived of this or not. For children around their age to give up to life, it told a lot about what they had gone through. 
From where they were staying, they could hear the thunderous sound of the backlash, as the ground rattled and the harsh wind carried the smell of death. 
Letto didn’t know how long they stayed inside there, but when everything became a little bit calmer, he went out to check out the situation, he left the girls inside the cave and let Annie be in charge of them. 
"I will not go for long. Stay here with the other, okay?" Letto didn’t touch her, most of the girls hated to be touched, especially with man. 
"Okay," Annie said in small voice. 
Letto looked hesitant when he wanted to speak again, but he needed to tell her about this. "Just in case, I didn’t return. Just in case." He emphasized this words, because he could see how Annie’s face had turned ashen. "Just in case I didn’t return, you need to go to Golden Light pack. Luna Iris said there are her people there. You and the other will be fine and taken care of." 
Annie bit her lip. "Okay." She nodded. "But, you have to comeback too." 
"I will. I will." 
With that Letto left the cave, but little did he know someone could smell their scent from inside the cave and it guided him to them... 
Meanwhile, Cane and his small party headed toward the Celestial Moon pack, because there was where he could feel the pillar. 
The alpha was in rush to get it done, so he could return to his mate. Even though Iris was considerably safe with his beta and gamma, also her four protectors, who currently purged Decratic’s body, but he was still unable to bring himself away from her. 
The mate bond was no longer there. It felt weird without it, as if there was this hollow in his heart, making him anxious when he was away from her, as if he was going to lose her. 
The other beasts were having a hard time to follow their alpha’s pace. 
On their way to the Celestial Moon pack, before they could reach the Untouched land, the alpha spotted the pillar. It was a young man. From his scent, he was not a shifter. 
However, Cane couldn’t be sure if he was not a magic user, since he saw him with Dexter once in the past. This was a young man, who used to follow the black magic user, thus he took a precaution approached against him. 
The young man caught a sight of the beasts, but he thought they didn’t see him, so he hid behind a tree. He must have forgotten that his scent had given away his presence to the shifters. 
"Come out." Cane shifted into his human form and the sight of him making Letto emerged from his hiding spot. 
"You are alpha Cane," Letto said cautiously. He showed himself, but he didn’t come over. The beasts were very intimidating, but this alpha was a whole different story. Being this close with him alone was already very suffocating. 
Cane stared at him. "You need to come with me," he said finally after a long silent. He could sense his fear and told the warriors to back down, creating comfortable distance for Letto, so he could be less nervous in this discussion. 
"I can’t." 
"I can use force." Cane could see that this young man was a mere human. He was not a magic user, but he was reeked of black magic. 
"No, no, that’s not what I meant!" Letto became panic, as he waved his hands. "I meant, there are sixteen little girls inside a cave, I took them there to runaway from the monsters and the poisonous miasma, we need to get them first, alpha Cane." He looked very polite and genuinely cared for those little girls. "Luna Iris knew me. She said that you will come to save all of us. You and her will save the little girls." 
That was something that Iris would say, if these little girls stayed in the palace, Cane didn’t need to use his brain to know the reason and what they had gone through. 
"Where are they?" 
Letto’s face lit up when he heard that. He was literally bouncing when he showed the way to Cane and the other warriors. 
================================ 
The moment Joel and Finn returned with the help of the other two warriors, Abby immediately cured them, purifying the poisonous miasma from them. 
It was not an easy job to do, while maintaining the protection shield. 
Apparently, the backlash from the capital city didn’t reach Golden Light pack, so unfortunately, they still had to deal with it. 
"We need more warriors! There are two monsters that managed to go through the fortress!" One of the warriors, who carried Joel back said loudly, informed the remaining warriors there to come with them. 
There were only additional ten, but it was enough to fight against the Geromine and Vermeyes. 
And with that, they went out, but the situation didn’t look good, because the fissures on the ground started to appear and it swallowed a few houses in the pack, which made it harder for them to fight the monsters. 
Thing didn’t become better even after the fissures swallowed the two monsters, because it meant, they were trapped to save themselves and there was a chance the fissure would appear in the pack house too. 
Not to mention the red smoke spread widely, they didn’t have other choice, but to breath in it. 
Thankfully, they came in time to save Aliana and the other two beasts before the fissures swallowed them and right now, they had to find a way back to the pack house before the red smoke paralyzed them and they would die out here. 
However, their worst nightmare happened, they watched how the fissures appeared in the garden, where it would reach the pack house, even now the house started shaking and they needed to let all the people knew about it so they could evacuate quickly. 
Aliana felt her breathing became so heavy, but she forced herself to move faster. The fissure would reach the pack house. 
=============================== 
Not long after Letto left, the girls cuddled against one another. They didn’t say anything, but the shifters children became so tensed up when they smell this familiar scent that belonged to the people that terrified them. 
"He is here..." One of the girls said in whisper. Fear lingered in their hearts and their bodies started shaking. "He is here. He found us..." 
Their little faces turned pale, even though they tried to keep a brave front, but you could see how their hands were trembling. 
As if to confirm that, they could hear the sound of footsteps getting closer to the mouth of the cave and the heavy breath of him before they actually saw his figure. 
"There you are..." Kellan looked messed up, but he was still alive. He smiled to the little girls, who crumpled to the end of the cave, as they stared at him with angry look on their faces. "Come here. I will take you to the safety. You know I will not hurt you." 
"Stay away from us!" Annie roared. She hissed at the prince, as she stood in front of the other girls. Luna Iris said to stand up for themselves and to fight back. 
"Wow... are you trying to defy me now, Annie?" Kellan tilted his head. "Come here and I will take it easy with you." 
They were little girls, but they had gone through a lot in Kellan’s hand to be more mature than their age. 
"You are not going to hurt us anymore!" Annie screamed, as she shifted into her beast and charged toward Kellan. 
Obviously, she didn’t know how to fight, but the other shifters children, who could already shift, joined her. 
Despite the fact, these little beasts couldn’t fight properly, there were still seven of them and Kellan couldn’t even shift into his beast to protect himself, since he had turned into something else entirely. 
"Fuck off me!" One of the little beasts bit his ear and tore it, while the other clawed any part of his body that they could reach. 
But, Kellan caught one of the little beasts and threw her to the ground. The little beast whimpered and was forced to shift back into her human form, she gritted her teeth and refused to cry, but her eyes filled with rage when Kellan kicked her away before she could dodge it. 
Seeing this, Kellan grabbed one of the little beasts again and hurled her against the nearby tree, while holding back the pain. 
He managed to backlash of Decratic, he was not going down because of these nasty mutts attacked him. 
His body was built differently, he had this undying body, thus despite the agony, he wouldn’t die and he would make sure to kill all of them! Ungrateful, crazy mutts! 
However, before the little beast’s body could hit the tree, a big brown beast had caught her and before Kellan could comprehend what was going on, he felt this extreme pain when his head was being ripped apart from his body and all he could see was a flash of black beast.
###Chapter 959: THE FINAL BATTLE (25)
Chapter 959: THE FINAL BATTLE (25)
Redmond watched how Cane beheaded Kellan and frowned. "Don’t tell me you are going to keep the head like you did to that dead woman." 
He helped the little girl, who was being kicked by Kellan earlier to stand up, but she immediately backed off and stared at him sharply. 
Redmond didn’t think much about that and put his attention back to the alpha, who had shifted into his human form now. 
"What are you going to do with that head?" Redmond looked casual, while the other warriors frowned, the sight made their stomach churned. 
However, the little girls didn’t seem to be bothered by it. They actually stared at Kellan and there was this coldness that children around their age shouldn’t have. 
"He has an undying body," Cane said. "We will go back." They wouldn’t be able to kill Kellan, since he had this body, which was the same like Zeke and Dexter, thus they needed the protectors to take care of him, after they were done with Decratic’s body. 
More so... 
Cane glanced at Letto, who tried to shield the children from the gory sight of Kellan’s condition. He didn’t look evil, but no one could tell for sure about it. 
But, whatever it was, his life was sealed the moment he became the pillar of the gates of hell. If they didn’t get rid of him, the fissures wouldn’t be closed and the red smoke would spread widely, poisoning people in this land. 
Cane hoped Iris was still unconscious when they returned, because if what Letto said was true that they were in a good term, it would break Iris’s heart to know they had to kill him. 
Let one of the four protectors did it. 
"Bring this head with you," Cane said, he kicked Kellan’s head toward Redmond and the red hair warrior looked disgusted. He didn’t even want to touch it, as the head was still screaming profanities. "Can’t I cut off his tongue so he can’t speak?" 
Cane gestured to Zephyr and Dean to carry the body. "Do as you please," he said lightly before he led the way out of Celestial Moon pack. 
Redmond did it. He pulled Kellan’s tongue, but he tried to bite him, yet he was faster and got his tongue first, which made this head cried and hollered in pain. 
And now, Kellan was without body and without tongue. 
While they were walking, Redmond was not willing to touch Kellan’s head, thus he kicked his head, as he walked, as if it was a ball. 
But then, it didn’t take long before Cane’s patient ran out and he shifted into his beast and went ahead. Their pace was too slow for him when he wanted to see his mate right away. 
It was understandable, because they had to slow down for the children. From here on, they knew their way back. 
Once Cane arrived, he immediately made a beeline toward Iris. Ethan made her sleep on his lap and seemingly, she was still unconscious. She was sleeping like a baby. 
The alpha didn’t even check on the four protectors, he didn’t seem to care at all with Decratic now. He was dead and someone else took care of him. That devil creature couldn’t waste his time anymore, not even a braincell of Cane to think of him. 
"How is she?" Cane caressed Iris’s cheek. 
"Sleeping soundly." 
Cane pulled Iris up and cradled her body. He kissed the tip of her nose and stayed like that, until the group of warriors and little girls came. 
Ethan almost jumped out of his skin when he saw Kellan’s head was being kicked around by Redmond. 
"Damn! Why creature like this is still alive when they were being beheaded? I can’t understand!" Ethan rushed away, he didn’t want to see Kellan’s head that made a weird gurgling sound, while Redmond scoffed at the gamma. 
"Are you afraid of this?" Redmond taunted him, but Ethan was already running away from the scene. 
Meanwhile, Zale glanced at Kellan’s head. He didn’t get a clear picture of what was that, until he squinted his eyes and was mortified to see the head, but Lou reprimanded him. 
"Focus!" Lou said sternly, which startled Zale and he immediately focused on his task again. 
On the other hand, Lou stared at Kellan’s head too. His eyes narrowed dangerously. He knew why Cane brought the head here, it was because the alpha couldn’t kill Kellan as he liked, thus he was going to deal with it later. 
Lou had been waiting for this moment and his blood sang with violence. 
However, Lou was not the only one with violence idea in his mind, Cezi had the same amount of vengeance toward Kellan too, while Derick stared at him with complicated look. 
After all, this was the man that he supported all this time. The man that he pledged his loyalty too. Someone that he put in pedestal because he envisioned him as the king of the kingdom. 
Derick was more angry at himself, he felt very stupid to be fooled for this long. How he couldn’t see it and let a man half of his age deceived him for a long time. He even sacrificed his own daughter. 
"What are you planning now, Cane?" Jace asked Cane, who didn’t say anything and only savored his moment with Iris. 
Cane finally shifted his attention from his mate and looked around him. The red smoke started to appear again from the fissures. 
"We need to get out from here as soon as possible." He then glanced at Letto, who was sitting in the distance with the little girls. His expression was complicated, which was understandable, because he was going through a lot of change in his life right now. 
Technically, he was with the group of his enemy, people who killed his master. 
"Aliana is in Golden Light pack, I think it is safe for us to start heading there," Jace suggested and Cane agreed. 
They thought the backlash from Decratic had purged everything, but little did they know that the backlash didn’t reach the Golden Light pack and the monsters and the poisonous miasma almost killed them all there. 
Currently, Aliana and the other warriors raced with time to reach the pack house and informed them to evacuate immediately, because the fissures would swallow the pack house for sure once it reached there. 
Aliana was shaking, she was breathing so much poisonous miasma by now, but they managed to reach the house and order an evacuation. 
"You are poisoned!" Abby gasped, she immediately attended to Aliana and the warriors, who came with her. 
However, because of the lack of energy, Abby couldn’t purify them completely, but it was enough to let them lasted for a few more hours, as they got away from there right in time before the house collapsed and you could see a big fissure appeared on the ground. 
"Where are we going to do now?" Abby was spent. She could no longer use her power, she needed to rest. 
"We need to reach Aggeverya road," Aliana said grimly. 
Through the Aggeverya road, they could reach the other pack too and more importantly, which they hope was safe for them. 
"Should we bring them too?" Joel asked, pointing his finger at the war prisoners, in which among them was Alan. 
He looked absolutely awful. No one would have ever thought that once upon a time, he was this spoiled prince and was crowned as the king of the werewolf world for less than a year, who would throw a tantrum if there was a speck of dust on his clothes and would kill anyone because he liked it. 
But right now, you would think of him as a beggar. 
"No! No! No!" Alan shook his head, he looked dreadful when he knew what Joel meant. He didn’t want to be fed to the monsters, or died in the poisonous miasma. 
There were not many war prisoners now because most of the war prisoner in Golden Light pack came from the royal warrior and they had pledged their loyalty to Derick before they left with the former alpha in order to get Cane a little more force in his campaign. 
Alpha Derick knew that people from the Holy Kingdom was not truly an ally. 
"No! You can’t leave me alone here! I am your prisoner, you need to take me! YOU NEED TO TAKE ME!" Alan was panicking when Aliana was considering Joel’s suggestion. 
"Just take him," Aliana said. She didn’t have much time to dwell in this matter when they had to get away from here. 
It was not because Aliana wanted to save Alan, completely not because of that reason, but she remembered this disgusting person was Ethan’s plaything to blow off some steam whenever he was annoyed. 
More so, Ethan had said he would be the person, who ended his life slowly. 
"Yes! Yes! Yes! Great!" Alan nodded his head repeatedly, as if he was being pardoned. "Let’s go, we need to move!" 
Aliana walked toward Alan and punched him on the face. "Shut up," she said coldly, while Alan bent his body over because of the punch and blood came down from his nose. 
With that, they walked toward the nearby pack, but instead they met with other fissures and found out two villages had been destroyed, where the people there had died, poisoned by the miasma, or killed by a horde of monster. 
And when they decided to go out of Aggeverya road, because a warrior that acted as their scout informed them about monsters, they were trapped with nowhere to go.
###Chapter 960: THE FINAL BATTLE (26)
Chapter 960: THE FINAL BATTLE (26)
Aliana took Abby’s baby, because she looked like she was going to faint. They had run for hours now and they couldn’t afford to fight a monster, even more if there was a horde of them. 
Abby also was not in a good condition, she ran out of strength and the magic users were rather useless without the magic stones and the Sylph. 
This wouldn’t do, they needed to find a way out, but where they had to go? At this point, there was nowhere safe for them. 
"I think, we need to keep heading south, Aliana," Joel said. "The red smoke spread from the Capital City to Red Claw pack and then Golden Light pack. If we kept heading south, I think we can avoid the poisonous miasma." 
"You are right," Aliana said breathlessly. Her head was spinning. The poisonous miasma had not yet purified completely from her body. She looked around. She was rather familiar with this area because they set a base here when they fought alongside Red Claw pack warriors against the royal. "Let’s go here." 
Aliana led the way, as the rest of them followed. The scouts went ahead to inform them whether the path was safe or not, with that, they could avoid an encounter with monsters and took another way if the poisonous miasma blocked their path. 
============================== 
"I can’t move..." Zale protested. He laid down on the ground, staring at the night sky. After the storm and everything that happened, the sky looked clearer now. "I am so exhausted..." 
After more than five hours purged Decratic’s body, all of them felt out of strength. 
"Even in his death, he still managed to make other people miserable." Lou stretched his body. He then walked toward Cane, who was still cradling Iris in his arms. He didn’t move at all, until Lou thought he and Iris had turned into statue. "How is she?" 
"Sleeping," Cane replied without lifting his head to look at the merchant. 
Lou then crouched down and took Iris’s hand to check her condition. The alpha frowned when he touched his mate, but he didn’t say anything. 
"She is fine. The babies are fine too." Lou tilted his head. "She overused her power and now she is sleeping to recover her energy." He didn’t want to inform Cane directly, thus he spoke as if he was talking to himself. 
With this proximity, no matter how faint he talked, Cane would be able to listen to him. After that, Lou stood up and walked toward Redmond. He frowned at the warrior. He should be the one that had Kellan’s head, while Kellan’s body was with Zephyr and Dean. It was still moving, but barely, since the two of them tied it tightly. 
"Where is that head?" Lou looked around. Redmond was sitting alone here. 
Kellan stopped cursing hours ago, where Lou thought he finally got tired, but he couldn’t see him anywhere. 
Lou didn’t want to deal with his body. He wanted to hear his scream when he destroyed him. 
"There." Redmond nodded at his feet and stomped his feet on the ground. "I buried him. Too noisy. If you wanted him, you can dig him out." 
Lou scowled, but Redmond refused to dig the head from the ground. He chose to lay down and close his eyes. "I am too tired for extra labor," Redmond said. 
The merchant couldn’t believe that. He was the one, who had been working for hours, but this warrior had the audacity to say he was the one, who tired. 
However, Lou knew better that Redmond wouldn’t do it, thus he dug the head himself, cursing in every movement, but for Redmond it was akin to a lullaby. 
Redmond stared at the sky. There were so many warriors died. There was no wonder if the population of the shifter would dwindle after this war. 
He knew this was part of the consequences of the war, but then he felt really numb to know most of the warrior from the Blue Moon pack didn’t make it. He didn’t know how to feel about it. 
No matter how weird it might sound, he felt responsible for them, they were the people that he grew up with and he was the one, who brought them with him in this war and all of them died. 
Right now, he only felt so numb, because he was the only one that survived. 
"Can you tone down your curse? I want my peace." 
Lou scrunched his nose when he managed to get Kellan’s head. Redmond buried him so deep, Lou was pissed beyond word. 
"Hah! Got you!" Lou grabbed Kellan’s hair and took him away. He needed a private moment with this head. 
Kellan’s head filled with sands and he couldn’t even open his eyes or make a sound, since his mouth filled with it. 
But, when Lou took the head with him, as he walked away from the rest of them, Cezi came to him. 
"I will help you to destroy it," Cezi said. "I have unfinished business with him too." He would take revenge on behalf of his sister and all the children that Kellan had hurt. 
"No." That was a curt answer. He had spent half an hour to get this bastard out of the ground by himself, there was no way he would give it up, he didn’t even want to share. "I have unfinished business too with him." 
Lou might not care what Kellan had done to Cezi’s sister or the rest of the children, but he did care for what he had done to Iris. Good thing Cane didn’t interfere with him to get his part. 
If the alpha wanted it, Lou might consider it, but Cezi? There was no chance, he was going to share. 
"Go and play with his body there." Lou pointed Kellan’s body. "His head is mine." 
After saying that, he walked away and Cezi didn’t follow him. The merchant made it sounded there was no room for negotiation. 
"Now, it’s only you and me. Happy?" Lou held the head with both of his hands, he smirked at Kellan mirthfully. The merchant looked deranged to say the least. "Let’s have fun!" 
Lou was whistling as he took the head away from them. 
"What do you think he was going to do with the head?" Ethan approached Redmond after the head had gone with the merchant. 
"I don’t know. Don’t care." 
Ethan then looked at Cezi walked toward Kellan’s body and destroyed it with the remaining strength he had. There was no torture or anything, the alpha from Celestial Moon pack just got rid of it, but you couldn’t say the same thing with what Lou was going to do with Kellan’s head. 
Not long after, Jace returned with Pax and Lil Thing. The lazy bear pulled a small carriage behind it. 
"Cane, we found a carriage, we can move now." Jace approached Cane. Thankfully, most part of the Celestial Moon pack didn’t get the impact of Decratic’s backlash, thus they still could find this carriage. 
"Let’s move and find the other," Cane said. He lifted Iris in his arms carefully, as she snuggled against his chest, subconsciously aware she was safe with her mate.
###Chapter 961: THE FINAL BATTLE (27)
Chapter 961: THE FINAL BATTLE (27)
As a replacement for a horse, Lil Thing was the one that pulled the carriage, where Iris was sleeping soundly. The carriage was so small, so it was only enough for her alone. 
She didn’t wake up until the next day. 
Tonight, they had to travel far to get something to eat, since everything was destroyed by the backlash or the monsters, until they entered the Cassius mountain at night that they could find a few deer. 
Cane was guarding the carriage for a whole night and day in his beast form. He would wake up even for a small noise, though they took turn to stand guard, but the alpha seemingly woke up for the whole night. 
"Stop it!" Zale said, as he rushed away from Lou, but he didn’t forget to bring his deer meat with him. 
"What happened?" Cedric asked, he brought his meat and sat down on the spot where Zale was sitting a moment ago, frowning when Lou was laughing mirthfully. 
"I told him what I was doing to Kellan’s head." Lou bit his meat happily. He looked a little bit pale because he pushed himself too far when he used his power to torture Kellan. But, he was happy nonetheless. It was very worth it. 
Cedric frowned. "What did you do?" 
Wickedness flashed in his eyes when he gestured for Cedric to get closer to him, as he told him every detail of what he had done to Kellan’s head. 
"Stop it!" Cedric pulled away from him. Lou had not yet told him half of the story, but the poor knight felt like his stomach had churned. "I don’t want to know the detail. You are insane." 
Lou shrugged his shoulder nonchalantly. "Well. He deserved that and more." 
"What is it? What is it?" Ethan joined them and sat down next to the merchant. "What are you talking about?" 
"Do you want to know?" Lou smiled harmlessly. 
"What?" 
"What I have done to Kellan." 
"Of course! Tell me!" 
Seeing the gamma was being beguiled easily, Cedric left the two of them and approached Letto. He was talking to one of the little girls, but she immediately ran back to the other little girls when she saw Cedric approached them. 
"She is not used to be with the stranger," Letto said, as if he excused the little girl’s behavior. 
Cedric stared at him for a while. Cane had told the four of them about who Letto was and what they needed to do to him. He didn’t feel right to kill this innocent young man, especially when he didn’t look like he had any evil intention toward them. 
"Is there something that you wanted to talk about?" Letto asked because Cedric didn’t say anything. 
They didn’t execute Letto immediately because all of them were spent after purging Decratic’s body, none of them would be able to handle the backlash. If they had to do it, they had to wait until they recovered first and their best shot was Lou. 
The merchant would be the executioner. 
"Your master is dead, how do you feel about it?" Cedric gestured for Letto to sit down next to him and watched how Ethan cursed at Lou and rushed to throw up, just like Zale did. 
Letto sat down next to Cedric and contemplated. He chose his words carefully. "I know he is bad. But, he is not always bad too." 
Cedric didn’t say anything and let Letto talked. 
The young man told him about the story of how he met with Dexter. How he followed him and dedicated his life for him, but deep down, he knew his master was doing something bad, but life didn’t give him an easy choice. 
"I am sad he died, but I know that for the better," he said in small voice, he lowered his head to hide his tears. Despite everything, he thought of Dexter as a father figure. It was not easy for him. 
Cedric patted his shoulder. It would be harder for them now. 
The next day, they departed early in the morning and on their way to Golden Light pack, they realized; because Decratic’s backlash didn’t reach this area, thus the spread of the poisonous miasma was still happening and monsters still emerged from the fissures. 
Ethan’s eyes became so dark, as he urged them to move faster. 
They thought the backlash would eradicate all the poisonous miasma, but they were so wrong about it and now dreadful thought came into his mind. Things could go very wrong and Aliana also the other could be in a great danger now. 
Later that evening, Iris finally woke up. She looked around her groggily and found herself was in this tiny carriage, which made her startled and immediately rushed out of there. 
Her first instinct was to flee, thankfully, Cane was there and he caught her in time before she stumbled. 
"C- Cane?" Iris startled when she saw her mate. He looked haggard, but fine and when she looked around, she saw familiar faces around her, which made her teared up. "Cane!" 
Iris hugged Cane tightly and all of them stopped whatever they were doing when they saw Iris had regained her consciousness. 
"Welcome back, luna," Cezi said, smiling softly at her. 
"Iris!" Lou screeched, he opened his arms widely. "I missed you so much! Come here! Hug me!" 
Cane didn’t need to deal with the crazy merchant when Zale kicked his leg. "Have some decency, will you?" 
All of them greeted the luna warmly to see her awake and fine. 
The children immediately rushed toward her, crying and hugging her, which made Cane had to back off and let Iris was being monopolized by these little girls. 
And then after dinner, Lou finally got a chance to get closer to Iris because he needed to check on her, since there was no healer and he was the only one that could do that. 
"You are fine!" Lou said happily. 
"What about the babies?" Iris put her hand over her stomach. She could see her little wolves were sleeping around her feet and knew they were fine, but an extra reassurance wouldn’t hurt. 
"Well, they are fine too, as strong as horses." 
Iris pursed her lips. "They are wolves." 
Lou shrugged his shoulders, didn’t want to dwell with it. 
"Tell me what happened." 
Lou immediately jumped into this opportunity to have a long talk with Iris, he would tell her all the detail and even the unimportant one, but Cane cut him off before he could say anything. 
"That’s enough for today. You need to rest. We will go early in the morning," Cane said and when Iris didn’t want to go, he carried her back to the carriage. "I will tell you what happened tomorrow, now you need to rest." 
"I have been sleeping for hours, Cane," Iris protested when Cane put her inside the carriage. 
"Sleep, love, please. Just take a rest." Cane kissed her lips, but Iris pulled him inside the carriage. 
"Why don’t you accompany me until I fell asleep?" Iris clung onto him. 
"The carriage is very small for the two of us." Cane nibbled on her lips when he said this. 
"Excuse me, but there are children here," Lou reminded them.
###Chapter 962: THE FINAL BATTLE (28)
Chapter 962: THE FINAL BATTLE (28)
"We are trapped," Finn said in grim tone. 
Their scout just returned and said that there was poisonous miasma ahead of them and they needed to go back, but behind them was a horde of monsters. 
They had been in this Cassius mountain for three days and it was hard to find something to eat, especially when they had to feed around five hundred people. They were the pack member of Golden Light pack and all of them were children and elderly people. Also, with additional thirty warriors that left behind to guard the pack. 
Because of that reason too, they couldn’t move as fast as they wanted. 
With that statement, panic waved among the people. The elderly people sat down tiredly and the children were crying because they were hungry, while the rest of them were trying to figure a way out of this mess, but they couldn’t think of anything. 
They couldn’t fight, they couldn’t move ahead, they couldn’t go back and if they stayed here for long, it was only a matter of time before the red smoke caught up to them and they were going to die because of the poison. 
Abby hugged her baby tightly. Once again, she felt very helpless. She didn’t have enough strength to protect them against the poisonous miasma and she could feel it the way these people were disappointed in her and how they looked down on her. 
Even when she was still holding her title as the Serafim, these people knew not to ask her for help, because they subconsciously realized she was not much of a help. 
It triggered her again. 
If Iris was here, she would be able to create a strong barrier and she felt these people wished it was the luna, who was here instead of her. 
Abby tried to calm down her baby, she couldn’t produce enough milk for her, because she was hungry, but she couldn’t bring herself to ask for additional food when all of them were on the verge of starving. 
Usually, Aliana would give half of her portion to her, but it was not enough and she barely produced milk for Bielle. 
Abby was sorry for her baby because she couldn’t do anything right. 
"Can you create a barrier for us to go through the miasma?" Aliana asked Abby silently, even though she knew the answer, but there was no other way for them. 
"No," Abby replied through her gritted teeth. She used to force herself, until she crossed her limit, but this time, she knew she wouldn’t be able to do it, no matter how hard she tried. 
"The monsters then..." Aliana muttered to herself. Their only chance to survive was to fight the monsters. 
But, it would be a slaughter on their part if they chose this option. The elderly people and the children wouldn’t be able to fight and thirty warriors with them wouldn’t be able to protect the pack member and fought the monsters at the same time. It was a dead end. 
And as if the situation couldn’t get any worse, their scout howled from the distance, indicating they were in danger and when they breathed the air, they immediately knew it was the monsters that finally caught up with them. 
All the elderly and the children were crying and in panic, they immediately stood up and shifted into their beasts, but because they were not a fighter, they ran toward the poisonous miasma instead in order to get away from the monsters. 
The warriors told them to not go toward that direction, but they didn’t listen. Everything was very chaotic, especially when they heard the monsters’ footstep and their growls that indicating they were coming closer to you. 
"We need to leave too!" Aliana said, she grabbed Abby’s elbow and forced her to stand up. "Can you create a barrier for you and your baby?" 
If it was too much for her to create the barrier for the whole people, at the very least, she could do it for herself and the baby. 
"I- I will try. I will try." Abby was really scared, she was the same like the remaining ten magic users, without their power, they were only a mere human. 
"Go! Go through the poisonous miasma and went to the south! That’s the best option that I can think of." 
They were heading toward the south, but couldn’t get through the poisonous miasma and they also didn’t know how far wide this red smoke was. 
This was indeed not the safest option, but it was better than not having an option at all. 
"Go! Go now!" Aliana then shifted into her beast and joined the fight with the other warriors, giving them time to escape, despite knowing it was also a suicide to be in the miasma for long. 
It was not an easy battle, even though they outnumbered the monsters, but most of the monsters needed three or four beasts to take it down. 
It was already great that they could hold them for this long, but sure enough, they wouldn’t last longer than this because the poisonous miasma had spread around this area as well. 
Aliana and the other four warriors, who had been infected before were the first, who went down. They were having a hard time to breath and was no longer able to sustain their beast, as they shifted back into their human form. 
It was horrifying, as they could only see the red smoke hanging in the air, while the battle had not yet ceased down. The monsters kept coming to attack them incessantly. 
Joel shifted back into his human form too and helped Aliana to stand up. "Come on, Aliana, we need to move. We need to runaway!" They wouldn’t be able to fight the monsters, they needed to escape now. 
"Go, Joel. I can’t..." Aliana felt very numb, her head was spinning and if there was only one thing that she regretted was; she couldn’t see Ethan for the last time and their fight. 
What a waste of time to fight over something like that... 
"No! Get up!" Joel was insisted. He tried to carry her, but because of that, he couldn’t move fast enough. It would be a matter of time for the monsters to catch up to them. 
When the only thing they could hear was the roaring and growling from the monsters and the beasts, all of sudden they saw three people walked to them. 
At first, it was not really clear because of the red smoke, but upon closer look, they could see who they were. 
Elder Xarex, Elder Dandolf and Elder Rose, they three elders fought the monsters and created the barriers around the beasts to prevent them from breathing more poisonous miasma. 
Joel didn’t think twice before he carried Aliana to enter their barrier and Finn jumped in as well. 
"Where is the Serafim?!" Elder Xarex asked Joel, by this time Aliana was too weak to speak. 
"Where is Abby?" Elder Rose asked impatiently. 
The three elders were not strong enough to fight all the monsters, but they could create a protection from the miasma, thus they needed to leave right away.
###Chapter 963: THE FINAL BATTLE (29)
Chapter 963: THE FINAL BATTLE (29)
Iris created a barrier around them when they entered the poisonous miasma, but their heart couldn’t stop beating very fast when they witnessed what was going on here. 
Currently, they were heading toward the Golden Light pack. They had seen the destruction from Decratic’s backlash in Capital City and Red Claw pack, but here, they learned that the poisonous miasma was still active and the monsters still emerged from the fissures. 
At first, Cane hesitated to tell Iris about the pillars and Letto, but in the end, he decided not to hold any information against her, she had as much right as he did to know what happened. 
Her reaction was understandable. 
Iris refused to kill Letto. The boy didn’t deserve to die as he joined with the wrong people when he didn’t have any other choice. 
Cane let her decided what would happen to Letto after he explained to her in great detail what the consequences of it. He made sure Iris understood her decision if she let him lived. 
"I will figure out how to solve this without killing him," Iris said grimly. She hated Decratic so much to make Letto as one of the pillars. 
"I trust you." Cane leaned over and kissed her forehead. 
However, the reality became very difficult when they got closer to Golden Light pack. It was very clear that this place had been shrouded by poisonous miasma. If Aliana and the other were still here, they must have died. 
Cane and the other warriors fought the monsters and even though it was not easy, since they were outnumbered, but with the lycan’s strength and Iris’s power, it was possible. 
"My device is active," Lou said, as they stood in front of the gates of the Golden Light pack after they killed a bunch of monsters. 
Ethan and Jace was very quiet. They didn’t say anything along the way here, but you could sense the tension that rolled off their body. 
The two of them were adamant to make stay behind because they didn’t want something bad happened to her, yet this happened. 
Iris approached Ethan and Jace, she held their hand silently, offering her comfort. Ethan squeezed her hand and breathed deeply, while Jace said ’thank you’ faintly. 
Meanwhile, Lou was trying to deactivate his device, so they could enter the pack and it didn’t take long for him to do that. 
This place was filled with poisonous miasma and they had to glue close to Iris, since she created the protection around them. 
The more they entered the pack, the more they could see the aftermath of it. They had to be extra careful, because of the fissures on the ground. 
Iris was sitting on Lil Thing’s back with black beast beside her, while some of the warriors had shifted into their beast form to make it easier for them to move around. 
Ethan and Jace looked very grim when Cezi opened the door of the pack house. They had imagined the worse to prepare themselves, but when they saw the place was empty and was sure all of the people here had evacuated, Ethan dropped to his knees and covered his face. He was shaking. 
Iris immediately got off Lil Thing’s back and hugged the gamma. 
"They must have runaway before the poisonous miasma reached this house," Iris said. "They must be still alive. We only needed to find them quickly." 
Ethan nodded, but he said nothing, while Jace seemed more able to compose himself and Redmond gave him a pat on the shoulder. 
For now, they were going to stay in this pack house and would continue to look for Aliana and the other early in the morning. More so, the girls needed to rest too, they looked exhausted, though they didn’t say anything, since they were taught not to complain. 
"What are you doing here? Cane will go crazy if he couldn’t find you," Redmond said, he followed Iris out in the open area, as she came closer to the nearest fissure, trying to figure out what to do with it. 
She could purify the poisonous miasma, but the red smoke that had spread around was too much for her to handle. 
"You know about Letto?" Iris asked. She stared at the red smoke with impassive expression. "What do you think I should do?" 
Redmond knew about the pillar and Letto, the fact that they had to kill him was a little bit uncomfortable, especially after a few days and they learned he was not evil. He took care of the girls and it didn’t feel right to kill him. 
"To be honest, I don’t know. But, if you asked me whether I have to kill him or not if I were in your shoes, then the answer is I will." Redmond used to use logic when he made a decision, this time was the same as well. "Killing one person to save hundred or even thousand of people, I think it’s worth it." 
Iris furrowed her brows a little bit. She knew where Redmond came from and his answer was not surprising. That was how people like him made a decision. Cane in the past, wouldn’t have discussed this with her and he would immediately take the first opportunity to kill Letto. Her mate had been very lenient with her now. 
"But, I know you will not do that, or else, that young man would have died long ago." Redmond tugged her sleeve and gestured for her to return to the pack house. "I believe you will figure this out. You always did. You have come along the way to this point." 
Iris followed Redmond to enter the pack house. She glanced over her shoulder at the poisonous miasma once again. 
================================= 
It was not a nice place, but at the very least, the red smoke had not spread to this area. Currently, Aliana and the other managed to survive their predicament, thanked to the elders. 
There were not many of them that left, from the total of more than five hundreds people, right now there were only less a hundred that survived. 
Thankfully, they found Aliana and now Elder Xarex and Elder Dandolf were taking care of her, she breathed a lot of poisonous miasma and they were not an expert to purify it. 
This place was a cliff between Bloody Wolf pack and Chrystal Moon pack, if they went straight to the south, they would see the harbor. 
"Thank you for your help," Aliana said. It didn’t feel good to be saved by the people that you initially chased away, but she was grateful nonetheless. 
"You don’t have too," Elder Rose said, she was holding Bielle in her arms and his gaze softened when the baby stretched out her arms and touched her face. 
Elder Rose might have treated Abby horribly since she was born, but she looked determined to compensate that and treated her granddaughter better. 
"I know why you have done that," Elder Rose replied. 
"I thought you have left to Andel." Aliana remembered the report she received. 
"No. I am not going to leave without my daughter and granddaughter, there are many things I have to do to atone for my sins."
###Chapter 964: THE FINAL BATTLE (30)
Chapter 964: THE FINAL BATTLE (30)
Aliana was not sure how the elders managed to purify the poisonous miasma from the people infected, she didn’t have time to ask about that too, but she noticed a small pocket that they held in turn. 
Abby looked better and after a few days, they could continue their journey back toward the south, the air here was pretty clear and the pack member looked very anxious about the rumor of the poisonous miasma, you would be able to feel it in the air, as their first attempt was to flee from the continent through the harbor. 
"We need to leave too, Abby," Elder Rose said, she stared at her daughter. They relationship was not magically fixed, but after the elders saved everyone, Abby was willing to have a civil conversation with her mother. 
"I am not going to leave this continent," Abby said, she put down Bielle on the bed. 
Currently, they stayed inside an inn in the Crystal Moon pack. Most of the pack member crowded the harbor, trying to get on board with the remaining merchant. 
But, it would be hard for them because they had to wait for two weeks for more ships. By that time, they didn’t know whether the red smoke would reach this area or not. 
"Are you going to die with them?" Elder Rose frowned. She didn’t like her decision. She needed to think of her daughter too, not only herself. 
Abby didn’t answer her. She kissed her baby and then faced elder Rose, it was hard to read her impassive expression. "I don’t have a place in Holy Kingdom." 
"What nonsense are you talking about? You are still the Serafim." Elder Rose approached Abby and held her hands. "Abby, that’s your place. We don’t know where is Rei now, maybe he had died somewhere in the poisonous miasma. You need to grab this opportunity to stabilize your position." 
After everything that she had gone through, she even felt embarrassed to assume her position as the Serafim when she knew very well, who was the real one. 
"Tell me where is Liam," Abby asked. Her voice was cold. "Tell me what happened to him." Her face turned darker when Elder Rose let go of her hands. She didn’t want to answer the question. 
"Think about this again, Abby. You don’t belong in this place." 
After saying that, Elder Rose rushed out of the room, as if she was afraid Abby would force the answer out of her mouth and this left Abby with a bitter feeling. 
"Liam... where are you?" Abby touched her baby’s face. She looked like Liam, her nose, her eyes, her hair, everything about her was the evidence of Liam’s existence, but right now he was nowhere to be found. 
Where he had gone? 
================================== 
Cane and Iris’s group finally received a report that the poisonous miasma had not yet reached the south area of this continent. Many people went to the south when the poisonous miasma started to spread from the Capital City and Red Claw pack. 
Therefore, there was a big chance Aliana and the other went to that direction as well. 
Ethan and Jace looked a little bit better with this news and they held their hope high. They would wake up early and try to walk as far as they could. 
Therefore, when they finally reached Crystal Moon pack, it was only two days before the ships from Karam continent would be docked and many shifters were anxious to leave the continent. 
They put their faith on alpha Cane, but the alpha’s whereabouts had become a question. Some people said, he had died along with his mate during the war and some of them said he had gone insane and stayed in the form of the lycan. 
No one knew for sure about that. 
Once they set foot in the Crystal Moon pack, Jace and Ethan immediately scoured the area to look for Aliana. It would be a challenge since there were a lot of people here, especially at the harbor. Their only fear was if Aliana chose to board the ship, thinking they had died and she had no one else here because of the absent of the communication. 
Meanwhile, inside the inn, Cane was with his mate. This would be the first time they had their time alone without anyone surrounded them. 
Iris was heavily pregnant, she would give birth anytime soon now and even though their situation was not really great, but this was better than they expected. 
"No, Iris..." Cane said when Iris lifted his shirt. His eyes darkened to see the desire in her eyes. 
"Why?" Iris pursed her lips, she had been restless because he didn’t allow her to go out to look for Aliana and the other due to the crowd, but when she wanted to have sometime alone with him, he looked reluctant to touch her. "Did I do something wrong?"
"You didn’t, love. But, I don’t want to hurt you," Cane whispered to her ear. He refused her advance, but he kept teasing her, which left Iris on the edge. 
"You will not hurt me, Cane." Iris was being stubborn. 
"You are going to give birth anytime soon, I don’t want to tire you out." 
Cane had been making a big of deal about this, emphasizing the importance of rest to Iris. He didn’t want her to roam around. He didn’t let her lift anything. If he could, he would carry her everywhere. 
He remembered how dreadful it was when Iris gave birth to their first set of twins. She was exhausted and almost didn’t make it. Therefore, she had to preserve all of her energy for the big moment, especially when she was going to give birth to another twins. 
"But, I want it. I read somewhere that a sex will help during the birth." Iris sulked, she cupped his face and kissed him, while grinding her body against him, but her stomach made it difficult, which made Cane laughed at her attempt. "How dare you laugh." Iris was annoyed. 
"You look so adorable," Cane said. 
In the end, Cane couldn’t help it. He wanted it too. He always wanted her. He would make love to her for the rest of their life. 
"Come here," Cane said, as he laid down and carefully position Iris above her, as she straddled him and made her blushed. "Comfortable?" he checked with her. 
"Hm..." Iris mumbled sheepishly. 
Well, they had reached this point, it would be better if she threw her stupid embarrassment out of the window, there was nothing to be embarrassed to wanting your mate, right? 
Iris liked it whenever Cane touched her, his touch was gentle, but firm at the same time and he would always check with her if she felt uncomfortable or not, it was rather annoying, but also sweet. 
And when it was done, Iris was spent, but satisfied, she felt sleepy, but suddenly she felt this sharp pain in her lower abdomen and she knew what that sign was. 
"Cane?" Iris lifted her head, snuggled against his chest. 
"Yes?" Cane nibbled on her ear gently. 
"Don’t panic, but I think I am going to give birth."
###Chapter 965: THE FINAL BATTLE (31)
Chapter 965: THE FINAL BATTLE (31)
After the disaster, Hanna and Will returned to Crystal Moon pack, along with Sabian and Nala, the two of them couldn’t come with Lou and Sabian was needed in this pack to help Will to handle the matter here. 
The decision for Will to go back was because they needed someone to have their eyes on the matter with the merchant in the harbor and because at that time Cane had gone missing, thus the decision was made by Jace with the suggestion from Lou. 
Therefore, the first person Jace and Ethan came to when they arrived at Golden Light pack was the two of them. 
It was not that hard to look for them and the moment Will heard about their arrival, he actually waited for them to show up. 
"Where is Aliana? Do you know where is she?" Jace and Ethan came with the same question, which made Will chuckled. He was so glad to see the gamma and the beta. He thought, he really lost them. 
"Come here," Will said, he escorted them inside to one of the inns in the pack, because the pack house was crowded with people, who sought for shelters and Aliana came after them, so they couldn’t spare her and the rest of the people that came with her anymore space. 
"Aliana is here?" Ethan was surprised they didn’t need to take more time to look for her. Thing had been very harsh lately and the moment he learned Aliana might in danger, he felt like everything had been dragging unnecessarily. 
"She came around ten days ago before you, with her was the people from Golden Light pack, the Serafim and the three elders," Will replied. 
"The elders?" Jace frowned. 
"I thought they were dead." Ethan didn’t look happy to think that the elders were with Aliana all this time. "I wish they were dead." 
"Apparently they survived." Will then revealed to them that Abby had given birth to a baby girl. "What about the luna?" 
"She will give birth anytime soon," Jace informed him. 
"Yeah, and the alpha guarded her all the time." Ethan slowly returned to his chatter self, as he knew Aliana was fine, she was alive and fine and that was all he needed to be his bright self again. His gloomy day had ended. 
The three of them headed toward the inn, there were so many people on the street and you could feel the tension in the air. 
However, Ethan was engulfed with the happiness of meeting with Aliana again, thus he was not really affected by their gloomy mood.
And the first scene he saw when they found her at the backyard of the inn was Aliana, who held a little baby in her arms, while talking to Abby and Hanna. 
The sight struck Ethan and he felt this warm that flooded in his veins. She looked... astounding. The way she stared at the baby, it almost felt like she was overflooded by her motherly instinct. 
Jace was the first, who approached Aliana and she noticed him almost immediately. Abby immediately took her baby from her arms, so she could hug her brother. 
"Jace!" Aliana rushed toward Jace and hugged him tightly, she cried so hard to finally meet with her brother again when she thought she had lost him, especially when he saw Ethan was there too. Tears couldn’t stop running down her cheeks, as he saw the two of them were alive. 
Jace couldn’t help, but hugged his little sister tightly. He couldn’t imagine if he had to lose her too. And after Aliana reassured Jace that she was fine, she approached Ethan, who rooted to the ground. 
"Don’t you want to hug me? You don’t seem enthusiastic about seeing me again, or maybe..." 
Before Aliana could finish her words, Ethan had pulled her body against his and kissed her so hard, which caught her out of guard and Jace’s jaw dropped. He really wanted to kick the gamma on the butt, but instead, he chose to turn his head from this sight. 
It was really not easy to watch how your little sister was being kissed like that. 
Meanwhile, Aliana didn’t mind at all, she could feel the desperation that Ethan had, in which he couldn’t convey in words. 
He could feel his pain when he thought he had lost her, because she also felt the same way for months when there was not a single information about their well beings after they left for capital city. 
Seeing this interaction, Hanna chuckled, as she hugged Will and Abby made a small talk with Jace. 
"Where is my missy?" Hanna asked Jace excitedly. 
They went to the capital city to look for the alpha and the luna and the fact they were here, it meant, they had succeeded to find them, right? 
"She is fine, currently the luna is with the alpha." 
And while they were reuniting with their fellow pack member, there was another person, who reunited with the one that he cared the most, or it should be said as two... 
Because all the warriors from the Blue Moon pack that he brought with him had died and he was the only survivor, thus Redmond didn’t have anyone to go to, aside from them... 
Sofia and his little son... 
The woman was sitting with two toddlers, who were laughing, playing something on the ground. She looked so much different from the last time Redmond saw her, as if there was a tremendous change about her. 
Sofia looked calm and more mature, she looked after the two toddlers with gentle eyes. It seemed she had embraced her role as a mother very well now. 
For a moment, Redmond was stunned, he couldn’t help, but stared at her for a long time, until Sofia actually noticed his presence when the wind carried his scent and this made her startled. 
Sofia lifted her head and when her eyes met with his, she simply couldn’t form a word. A year. It almost a year since the last time they met and when she heard a lot of things that had gone wrong in the war, she lost hope to see him again. 
It was hard to hold onto a hope that one day they would meet with each other again. 
More so, the relationship between them was not clear, she also didn’t think it was alright for her to hold onto this feeling. 
However, when Redmond walked toward her, Sofia couldn’t understand why she was crying. She felt her heart was being squeezed and she didn’t know what to do. 
Was it alright to hug him? Was it alright to tell him that she missed him and how glad she was to see him again? 
But, Redmond was the first one, who took the first step, as he knelt down in front of her and hugged her. He gave her a light kiss on the forehead, while saying softly. "I missed you and the kids." 
Meanwhile, the toddlers stopped playing, they blinked their eyes to see their mother was crying and this strange man that consoled her. 
On the other hand, Iris was going into a labor and the alpha looked so grim.
###Chapter 966: THE FINAL BATTLE (32)
Chapter 966: THE FINAL BATTLE (32)
Redmond picked up his son first and then the baby girl, Lucia, who looked at him with confusion, they blinked their big eyes and stretched out their hands to touch his face. 
Sofia chuckled, she then proceeded to tell Redmond what he had missed. 
Rye and Sofia had turned one years old and they could walk and talk a few words now. She told him a few things about what the kids liked and disliked. 
Lucia was a sweet baby, but... 
"... I don’t know how to put it, but I feel like Rye will occasionally have some attitude with me when I fed him something he didn’t like." 
"I think he took after you," Redmond said without thinking and this made Sofia raised her brows. 
"Are you sure? I think you got the fact wrong." 
And the rest of their conversation went really well though they would bicker here and there, since Redmond would dump Rye’s bad habit as him following his mother’s trait. 
At the same time, Lou managed to find Nala and Sabian as well. The old man had reunited with his twins too. They stayed together in the same inn like Aliana. 
"The ships will be docked two days from now, I have prepared everything for us to leave. I am so glad you returned just in time, master," Sabian said cheerfully. Nala would go with them too, because she had no one else here and stayed behind in this continent wouldn’t give her any benefit. 
"Who said we are going to leave?" Lou asked, he laid down on the bed. It felt so heavenly to finally get his tired body rested on the soft mattrass. 
"Pardon me?" Sabian was confused. "What do you mean? Don’t you want to leave?" 
"No." Lou shook his head and stretched out his hand for a gesture for Nala to get closer to him. "Why should I go?" 
"Why don’t you want to go?" Nala asked, as she sat on his lap and he started to kiss her nape. He could be very clingy and sweet sometime and this was what Nala liked about this merchant. "There is nothing else for you here." 
"Everything that I want is here," Lou replied, he caressed her inner thigh and this was a cure for Sabian to leave his master alone with the mistress. He closed the door behind him, hoping Nala would be able to talk sense to Lou, so he would leave with them in two days. 
"All of your guild members had died, you don’t have your own business here, what else do you have?" Nala closed her eyes when Lou licked her collarbones and laid her down on the bed, as he hovered above her. 
"I have Iris, Iris and Iris," Lou replied playfully, but Nala didn’t get it, she was very sullen the moment the name left Lou’s lips. "More so, Karam continent is not friendly to a shifter like you." 
Nala didn’t care what Lou said after, she was very upset because Lou was still very much infatuated with Iris. 
But, at the same time, Lou didn’t even know that the woman he dedicated himself to, was going to go through a labor. 
Cane had asked Zephyr to look for a healer, though it wouldn’t be easy to find one in this chaotic situation. The alpha felt so stupid not to get one once they arrived in this pack. 
However, because this was her second time, Iris looked rather calm compared to her mate. Their situation and her condition were way better than before and she believed everything would go well. 
For now, Iris could feel the interval of her contraction became more and more closer, but it was not the time yet. 
"Cane, don’t make a scary face like that, you will scare the babies," she teased him, because she couldn’t help it when she saw how Cane clenched his jaw tightly. She touched his face, making a soothing motion, but he caught her hand and bit her finger gently. "Why did you bite me?" Iris frowned. 
Cane was sitting on the bed with Iris lounged against his chest. He felt time ticking very slow and he wondered where Zephyr was right now. 
"Stop worrying about me, you should focus on yourself," Cane said grimly. He felt restless. What he showed on the surface not even half of the turmoil he kept inside, even so, he couldn’t mask it well. 
Thankfully, Zephyr returned shortly and he got people that was even better than a healer. It was Aliana, Hanna and Abby. 
Aliana and Hanna were elated to see Iris again, especially when they saw how well she was, it was way better than they imagined, while Abby greeted Iris politely, telling her how glad she was that she survived. 
On the other hand, Iris felt overwhelmed with happiness to see the familiar faces that she had missed so much. She was even very happy to see Abby, as if they had been a great friend for a long time. 
However, this was not the right time for that, they could relish their longing for each other later on, because right now they had to put their focus on to welcome the twins. 
Aliana and Hanna moved quickly to prepare everything that was needed. Seeing Iris, they believed it would be a safe delivery without any major problem. 
Meanwhile, Cane stayed with Iris, he didn’t budge at all from her side, holding her hand and peppered her with kisses. He looked even more nervous than his mate. 
"Smile, will you," Iris teased him, but Cane’s expression didn’t change. 
Iris could feel the pain was getting intense and the interval became very close now, she was ready to give birth and from the corner of her eyes, she could see her two little wolves spirit became restless too, as if they could feel her pain and wanted to get out as soon as possible. 
Her babies... 
"Push, luna, you can push now," Aliana said. Hanna stayed close with her to assist her, while Abby sat beside Iris, held her other hand to make it less painful for her. "You are doing great! Once again!" 
Iris held both Cane and Abby’s hand, as she pushed her first baby. The alpha could feel his anxiety was on an extreme level, he didn’t even realize that he was holding a breath. 
Meanwhile, the sky outside was so bright, it was a beautiful day in the end of the winter, which was rather warm, when the light of the afternoon sun went through the window after the wind blew away the cloud, it was the moment they heard the cry of the first baby. 
"It’s a boy! It’s a boy!" Aliana said, she handed over the first baby to Hanna, who immediately cleaned him up, while Iris delivered her second baby. "It’s a boy again!" Aliana gave the other baby to Abby, who deemed Iris’s condition was fine enough for her to leave. 
After the placentas of the babies were out, Cane cut the umbilical cord of his son and brought them to Iris, who looked exhausted, but happiness radiated off of her. 
"They are beautiful..." Cane said softly.
###Chapter 967: THE FINAL BATTLE (33)
Chapter 967: THE FINAL BATTLE (33)
Aliana and Hanna couldn’t help to coo the baby in their arms, after they were clean and Iris breastfed the two of them, they fell asleep. 
The little ones had not yet opened their eyes, but who cared? They took after the alpha so much even when they were just born. 
If you looked closely, you would be able to tell that they had curls. They had black hair with curls. Maybe, that was the only resemblances to their mother. 
Meanwhile, Cane and Abby attended to Iris. It was also a sad moment to think Grace was not there with them, since her absent was very much felt at this joyful moment. 
It was also sad that their two sons wouldn’t know Amee when they grew up. She would be a great grandmother figure for both of them. 
There were so many bittersweet moment at this time, but it didn’t make them felt very grateful for this safe delivery and how well Iris’s condition after the great ordeal. 
"I will leave the two of you now, I will come back tomorrow to check on you, again," Abby said, she needed to check on Bielle. She still couldn’t fully trust Elder Rose with her daughter. 
Iris thanked her, while Cane nodded politely. He didn’t leave Iris’s side, he even had not yet looked at his sons properly, since his main focus was on his mate, making sure she was really comfortable and fine. 
"Do you need anything else?" Cane asked, his voice was still guarded. Abby had left the room and there was only the two of them. Night fell and the noise from the bustling street could be heard, as they lit up torches. 
"Yes," Iris said softly. 
"What is it? What do you need?" Cane tensed up. 
"I need you to relax, Cane. You have been very anxious. It’s fine now, the critical moment had passed and now I am fine," Iris said gently, she caressed his cheek and smoothened the wrinkle between his brows. 
"I am fine, you don’t need to worry about me." 
"If you kept making face like you are going to war to welcome our son, of course, I will be worried," she teased him. 
Cane didn’t need to tell her what kind of turmoil that brew inside of him during the delivery, because Iris could completely understand him, but he couldn’t keep acting like that, especially when all of them here, a little bit tired, but was enraptured by their new family members. 
The alpha lowered his head, he was sitting on the edge of the bed, next to her, while holding her hand tightly. 
"I am glad..." he whispered softly, kissing her knuckles and a tear of joy fell on her hand. Word wouldn’t be able to describe how he felt right now. 
Watching Iris to give birth to their sons and try to control his mind from going into the dark place, as it kept going back to the moment they had their daughters. It was a tumultuous of emotion. 
"Thank you, thank you for being so brave," Cane said. "Thank you for not giving up." 
Iris had tears in her eyes, she gestured to Cane that she wanted to hug him and he lowered his body, rested his head against her shoulder, he hugged her very carefully, afraid that his touch would hurt her. 
"Thank you for believing in me." Iris snuggled against his chest, she was very tired. Thankfully, she had eaten something and now with the comfort of her mate, she started dozing off. 
Only when Iris finally fell asleep, Cane slowly released her body. He tucked her in and walked out of the room to see his sons. 
Because of what happened, they didn’t have a proper conversation about what name they wanted for their sons, but it was not a big deal, they would take their time to find the names that suit them. 
Outside of the door, Cane found Joel, Finn, Zephyr and Kian, they congratulated him. 
"Don’t worry, alpha, we will stand guard here!" Joel said enthusiastically. "Dean and Pax were right outside of the balcony and a few of our warriors are around the inn too." Joel was too excited and reported everything to Cane when it supposed to be Zephyr, who did that. 
"Good work." Cane appreciated it and then walked to the room next door, where Aliana and Hanna were both mesmerized by the babies. 
Zale was with them, also Will, Ethan and Jace, they congratulated him and wished him all the good things in the world. 
"You really didn’t hold back, the babies are the exact copy of you," Ethan commented. "But, of course, they absolutely cuter than you." 
Cane didn’t heed his remark, because cute was not the word that could describe him in the first place. He left the babies with Hanna and Aliana because he knew they would be taken care of really well. 
"How is miss Iris?" Hanna asked, she handed the firstborn to Cane. The baby pursed his lips, but didn’t wake up. "Can I see her?" 
"She is sleeping, you can see her tomorrow." 
Hanna didn’t push, she didn’t want to disturb Iris’s rest too. 
"Are you sure you are going to carry them two, alpha?" Aliana asked, she looked reluctant to part with the baby in her arms. 
"I can handle it," Cane said. This was not the first time, he carried his twin at the same time. 
"Okay," Aliana said softly, she still wanted to hold onto the baby a little bit longer. The second baby looked smaller than his sibling, he had his little mouth slightly opened when he was sleeping. 
"Don’t be sad, we can make a baby on our own and you can be with the baby all the time," Ethan consoled Aliana when he saw how sad she was and got a slap on the back of his head from Jace. 
"I will stand guard for the babies too!" Zale announced, as he rushed out of the door and joined Joel and the other. 
"Thank you, I am glad all of you survived," Cane thanked them genuinely. They had not yet a proper talk, but they must be too exhausted and it was already night, there was still tomorrow for them to catch up. 
"So we are," Aliana replied politely. 
With that, Cane took back the babies to their bedroom, where there were two cribs had been prepared for his babies. He put them one by one carefully. The firstborn made a fuss when he was being put down and Cane had to comfort him until he fell asleep again, only then he returned to his mate. 
Iris was still sleeping soundly when Cane joined them. He hugged her and thanked her for everything and also the pain that she was willing to go through to give birth to their sons, also all the misery she had to endure when she chose to stay by his side. 
"I love you, Iris. My love. My solace." He cradled her carefully in his arms, feeling blissful to have her in his wretched life. 
The next day was a day before the ships from Karam continent docked and the commotion grew wildly in the harbor.
###Chapter 968: THE FINAL BATTLE (34)
Chapter 968: THE FINAL BATTLE (34)
It was a bliss. 
Cane watched Iris breastfed their firstborn, while he held their second son. The little ones only a day old, but they could tell which one that was the most active spirit that Iris had seen. 
Their firstborn woke up a few times last night, making a baby noise, which woke Cane and Iris up, while the second one would sleep through the night and only wake up when he was hungry, but after that he would fall asleep again. 
Like right now, their firstborn was breastfeeding to Iris, while making a few noises, he also had opened his eyes and it was not a surprise when they saw a pair of golden eyes that stared back at them, while the second born was content to be able to sleep with full stomach. 
Cane stared at Iris, who was cooing the baby, while the baby made noises, as if to respond to her. It felt like a dream, something that he didn’t even dare to imagine a year ago. 
He didn’t even think that one day he would feel this happiness again. The peacefulness, despite the chaotic world out there. He wanted to shield his little family with everything he had. 
However, both of them knew, sooner than later, they would need to face the calamity that awaited them out there, but for now, they wanted to enjoy their moment with their new family members. 
"Who is that?" Iris asked, she frowned when she heard a little bit commotion out there. Hanna and Aliana just returned after they visited her this morning, because there were a lot of thing they needed to take care of, after all tomorrow a few ships would dock in the harbor and the shifters attempted to flee from this continent. 
"Lou," Cane replied, he stood up and walked toward the door with the baby in his arms, only to see Lou was having a ridiculous argumentation with Zale. 
Apparently, the merchant wanted to enter the room, but Zale and the other warriors didn’t allow him. 
"I want to congratulate her, what’s the matter? It’s not like I am an enemy," Lou said incredulously. "I am her chosen protector, if there was someone, who needed to be here, it should be me." 
Lou stopped his rambling when he saw Cane with the baby. 
"Don’t make a ruckus here, there is a sleeping baby," Cane said coldly at Lou, all the warriors quieted down because they didn’t want to wake up the little one, even when they guarded the door, they would walk slowly. 
"Let me see this cute baby!" Lou said enthusiastically. 
"You don’t like little child, Lou," Cane reminded him, which made Lou’s smile vanished in an instant. 
"Well, people changed." He shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly, was not really convincing if he said that he liked a baby now. But, Lou stretched out his arms, asking to carry the baby. "Don’t you want me to check the baby? I am not a healer, but I am close to it. You must have not yet found a healer, right?" 
Cane narrowed his eyes. He trusted Lou with his judgment, but he didn’t really trust him to hand over his baby. No, he didn’t really trust anyone with his babies. 
"Oh, come on, what if something happened that you two didn’t know? Didn’t she expose to a lot of black magic when she was pregnant with the babies?" Lou frowned to see the distrust in Cane’s eyes. 
"If it is black magic, Iris will be more than capable to handle it." 
Okay, he got the point. 
"What if this related to a health issue?" 
In the end, Cane handed over the baby to Lou, but his son started to make uncomfortable face. The way Lou held him must be too stiff. It didn’t take long before the baby was crying. 
Seeing this, Cane immediately snatched his baby from Lou, but the merchant told him to wait until he finished it first. 
"Okay, he is as health as a horse!" 
Cane frowned. This was not the first time Lou made a comment to compare his son with horse and it started to get on his nerves. 
However, the little one took the matter into his own little hand, as he peed on Lou. 
The merchant didn’t realize it, but then he felt something wet and warm in front of his body and when he realized it, he freaked out. 
Cane immediately took his baby, a smirk rose on the corner of his lips. "Good job," he said softly, kissing his little nose, while Lou grumbled. 
"This is the first time, someone peed on me!" He growled, while the other warriors laughed at him, Zale was actually double down, as his stomach felt so hurt, as he laughed heartily. 
"You should be honor." Cane then turned around and entered the room, locking the door behind him. 
"What honor!?" 
Iris tilted her head, she heard the commotion, but couldn’t make what they were saying. "What happened? Did Lou cause trouble?" 
"It’s okay, our baby has handled him." 
"Hm?" Iris frowned, but when she wanted to ask further, Cane already went into the bathroom and cleaned the baby. After Cane held him again, he fell asleep. Even when he washed him, he was still sleeping, only pursed his lips and snuggled against his chest, as his father dried him. 
Meanwhile, the baby in Iris’s arms still made baby noises, opened his eyes a few times and looked his surrounded curiously. 
Later that night, the two of them would be woken up by their firstborn, because he was hungry and this one thing that Cane couldn’t help Iris with. He suggested to find someone to help her to breastfeed their babies, but Iris refused the idea. She loved her time when she breastfed the babies. She felt the connection with them, something that she couldn’t explain. 
And then the day where the ships docked at the harbor came, but before that, early this morning there was a blizzard and you could see the red smoke that came closer toward this pack. 
It was not their intention to have any contact with the elders, but they had to put aside their dispute and had an urgent meeting with them. 
Iris and Cane had to leave their babies for the first time. They appointed Aliana and Hanna to take care of them and with the two of them, Joel and Finn. 
More so, they wouldn’t be too far, the meeting was held only the room next to where the babies stayed. 
Cane was worried because Iris just gave birth, but her recovery was incredulous, she was already able to walk the next day she gave birth and now she looked almost normal. Cane stayed by her side the whole time, as they sat on their chair, facing the people from the Holy Kingdom, which consisted only the three elders. 
Abby was there too, she gave her baby to Arella, who stayed with Aliana and Hanna, but she sat down at the opposite from the three elders, showing which side she had chosen now. 
Elder Rose looked a little bit hurt and sad to see this, but she masked her emotion so well.
###Chapter 969: THE FINAL BATTLE (35)
Chapter 969: THE FINAL BATTLE (35)
Elder Rose looked at Iris. She was not sure what to feel about her because this woman was supposed to be her lost granddaughter and now, she just gave birth and was having twins. 
She wanted to confirm something, a lot of questions was in her mind and their tensed conversation during the war couldn’t yield anything. 
She had tried to think of a way of how to get closer to her, but the protection around the luna was insane. More so, she couldn’t have a talk with her without making the situation awkward. 
On the other hand, Iris didn’t seem to care about Elder Rose, even though both of them knew they were related. 
Just like usual. Iris had Cane sat next to her and her four protectors were behind her, Cedric included. Elder Xarex and Elder Dandolf stared daggers at the knight, while Cedric looked as calm as ever. 
"There is nothing you could do to stop the poisonous miasma," Elder Dandolf said. He looked calm like usual, even though Rei was still missing, which put Iris on alert. 
The elders had secured a ship to go back to Andelus continent, but their problem was with Abby, because she refused to go with them and chose to stay in this wretched continent. She must not think straight. 
"Give me the air magic stone," Iris said, she didn’t want to have a small talk with them, neither she wanted to have a discussion, because she knew it would go nowhere. "I know you have the air magic stone." 
Aliana had confirmed this, she saw a small pocket was being handed over in turn among the elders when they purified the poisonous miasma. Abby also had confirmed the same thing. 
It was already weird enough for the elders to have the ability, but with the air magic stone, it was possible. 
"The audacity!" Elder Xarex stood up, his face turned red. Iris didn’t even ask for the magic stone, but she demanded it. "How dare you demanded something that belonged to the Holy Kingdom?" 
"Can you change the name? It irked my ear to hear you kept saying holy this, holy that. There is nothing holy about you and your nefarious kingdom," Lou said, irritated. 
Iris immediately cut off Elder Xarex’s retort when she saw the old man was going to have a quarrel with Lou. "The air magic stone belonged to the Serafim. I don’t care, who you thought as the real Serafim between me and Abby, you can choose to whom you will hand the stone over between us." 
The way Iris said it was almost akin to an announcement that Abby was part of them right now. 
"This stone is not something trivial that we can hand over as we pleased!" Elder Xarex stood up, he slammed his hand on the table, fuming and this attitude was not welcomed by Cane and the other. "We have saved your people! Is this how you repaid us?!" 
"We have provided a lot of things for you and your useless knights, not to mention you brought that nefarious Rei with you, oh, have I mentioned that you and your people, your Holy Kingdom, should be the one, who dealt with Decratic? But, instead we have to bear the brunt of it, we even killed him. How will you repay us?" Lou emphasized the word ’holy kingdom’ in a mocking tone. 
Left it to the merchant to recount everything. If Elder Xarex was trying to be calculative, the merchant could teach him how to be a proper calculative person. 
"Should I count how much we have lost because of your incompetency?" Lou asked, which shut Elder Xarex immediately and Elder Dandolf tried different approach. 
"Let’s talk about this matter calmly. We don’t want to create trouble..." 
Unfortunately for the elders, Cane and his people didn’t have time for their game, they wouldn’t play in it. Just like Rei and Decratic, they used the same method every time and the shifters didn’t have the patient for that. 
"Elder Rose has it," Iris said, she wanted to see her babies, she didn’t want to prolong this futile meeting. 
Iris knew the air magic stone was with Elder Rose, because she could sense it, at first, she was slightly confused because the air magic stone sensed differently from the rest of the magic stone, she had never encountered one after all and it was the only one in the whole realm, but now she was sure it was with Elder Rose. 
Zephyr and Kian, who stood behind Elder Rose immediately held her, while Lou took the magic stones from her, there was this ruckus when Elder Xarex and Elder Dandolf wanted to retaliate, but Cane took care of them with the black wisp. 
"Pardon my impertinence," Lou said, but people would know that he didn’t mean what he said, as he got a small pouch from Elder Rose’s pocket. "So, this is the air magic stones?" 
Lou walked over and handed the pouch to Iris. 
"You have crossed the line! You weighed a war against us if you didn’t let us go now!" Elder Xarex was livid, because they were treated so poorly. He tried to get away from Cane’s black wisp, but without the magic stone, they didn’t have the power to fight back. "You are going to pay this rudeness once we went back to Holy Kingdom!" 
"Take them to the dungeon," Cane said. Dean then walked out of the room to call the other warriors to take care of the elders and dragged them to the dungeon. 
"You shouldn’t have made a threat like that when you don’t have any power, you know." Lou grinned when the elders cursed at Cane and tried to make Abby helped them, but she didn’t budge. 
"Abby, will you not do anything?! I am still your mother!" Elder Rose screamed when Dean twisted her arms, since she didn’t stop fighting back. 
Abby looked at her coldly, you could see the resolution in her eyes. "You stopped being my mother long time ago and you proved it to me again and again that you only saw me as your daughter when it’s convenient with you." 
Elder Rose looked hurt when she heard that, she shifted her attention to Iris, but what she expected from the luna? 
Once the commotion died down with the three elders had gone, Iris took the stone out of the pouch and stared at it. She felt this surge of power when she touched it. 
"Have you ever used this stone?" Iris asked Abby. The elders had used the stone countless time, but not only the air magic stone didn’t turn useless, but actually it amplified its power. 
"No. I have never touched it before," Abby admitted and this surprised Iris. 
"The air magic stone was with the pure faction before this, but I think the elders managed to get it from Rei’s hand somehow," Cedric explained the situation briefly when he saw how uncomfortable Abby was. She still felt insecure with her incompetence and how little she was matter in the Holy Kingdom. 
However, before the discussion could happen, the ground was shaking, it was a terrible earthquake and outside, people screamed in panic.
###Chapter 970: THE FINAL BATTLE (36)
Chapter 970: THE FINAL BATTLE (36)
Iris’s first thought was to get her babies to the safety, they needed to get out of the building, just in case it collapsed and harmed all of them. 
Hanna and Aliana held each baby and followed the alpha and the luna out of the building, the rest came with them too. Abby held her own baby with Cedric stayed close to her. 
In no time, they managed to go out of the building, but people were bustling on the street, they were trying to get away from this continent, as they fought to get into the ships, especially when the guard in the watch tower informed them that the red smoke was spotted. It would spread in this area within a day. 
By morning the next day, this pack would have been destroyed. They would die if they stayed, but if they moved to the south, they would die eventually too, since there was no way for them to escape this continent. 
Their only chance to survive was to board on the ship. This was the only harbor, if this harbor was covered by the poisonous miasma, it would be the end of them. 
The babies were crying because of the loud noises around them and they could feel the distressful of the situation they were currently in. 
"Iris, there is no other choice," Cane said. He didn’t need to elaborate for Iris to know what he meant. 
Letto was one of the pillars and they needed to kill him to stop the poisonous miasma from spreading further. 
"There is no point of killing him, Cane. We still have not yet figured out the last pillar," Iris retorted. She still felt so heavy if she had to kill Letto when that young man adjusted so well with the other people and the girls liked him. 
He was the only man that the girls trusted to be around them and she knew that Letto was not evil, he only joined the wrong people. 
"It will slow down the poisonous miasma," Cane stated the truth. 
The poisonous miasma didn’t spread faster than usual and the fissures on the ground didn’t appear as often because they had killed two of the pillars, if those two were still alive, this place would have been a graveyard long ago. 
Iris bit her tongue, she didn’t want to be irrational, but right now what her mind and heart said were not in synch. 
The other warriors opened the path for them, while the babies were having the the utmost protection, as they headed toward the pack house, where Will and Redmond had been waiting for them. 
The earthquake had stopped and thankfully, there was no building that collapsed. 
Behind Redmond, Iris could see Sofia with her two children, Rye and Lucia must have been more than a year old and they looked so adorable. Rye actually took after Sofia, he was a beautiful little one, while Lucia only knew Sofia as her mother and apparently Sofia had accepted her, thinking of her as her own. 
She was no longer staring at Cane with infatuation, she looked polite and lowered her head when the alpha and the luna walked in front of her. 
"We have prepared everything and moved to the south immediately," Cezi reported to Cane. 
They chose to buy some time in order to think a way out of this situation, thus they needed to avoid the poisonous miasma for the meantime. 
"There will be a long entourage if we took everyone with us," Redmond chimed in. They moved to the strategy room. There were so many people in the pack house, especially children and elderly, with their pace, they would slow them down. "Are you sure we need to bring them all?" 
"We will bring them all," Iris said firmly, leaving no room for negotiation and Redmond didn’t say anything anymore about it. 
Suddenly, they heard a loud footstep and a little bit commotion, but they knew who it could be. Lil Thing could sense Iris’s presence, it galloped toward her, but it only nudged her hand for a while, before it took interest to the babies on Hanna and Aliana’s arms. 
The white bear circled the two of them, sniffing curiously. 
"Let Lil Thing saw the babies," Iris said. Her eyes turned gentle. She remembered what she saw before. She saw her babies and Lil Thing together. This bear would love the babies too. 
More so, she saw her babies was a few years older, which meant, this couldn’t be the end of them. there was still a way to escape the situation, they just not yet figured it out. 
"Do you want to see them?" Hanna said with a smile, she lowered her body, so Lil Thing could sniff the baby. Aliana did the same too. 
With Lil Thing was around and a few warriors with them, Iris and Cane continued to walk toward the strategy room, to discuss this matter more thoroughly. 
"You look gorgeous after giving birth!" Ethan greeted her, it seemed, no matter what happened out there, it couldn’t upset him when he found Aliana was safe and sound. He became his cheerful himself and even hugged Iris tightly before Cane glared him down. 
Iris chuckled to see the interaction between Cane and Ethan. 
Aside from the gamma, Jace was also there, so did Iris’s protectors, aside from Zale. Abby joined them too after she asked Arella to look after Bielle. Redmond and Derick were there as well. 
They discussed this matter for a while, before they came to a conclusion that they had to kill Letto. If by killing him meant they could prolong their time until they could find the last pillar, it would be worth it, but Iris was hesitated. She didn’t want to kill him. 
"You only need to turn blind eyes," Redmond said. He was practical and didn’t think there was something wrong if they wanted to kill Letto for the greater good. They were talking about the safety of the remaining shifters in this continent. 
The population of shifters must have dwindled significantly now. 
"If you don’t want to do it, you don’t need to be presence," Redmond added. 
Iris and Abby were the only people, who were against it, while the men chose to be efficient with their option and time. They used their logic only while shutting down their emotions. 
"Call Letto here," Iris said, she could feel the air magic stone sang against her touch. 
While they wait for Letto to come, silent engulfed the room, they didn’t say anything, but then someone knocked on the door, not to bring Letto, but to report an urgent matter to them. 
Pax entered the room and informed them what was going on right now in the harbor.
"There is something strange happened at the harbor, the water suddenly drained away, showing the ocean floor, reefs and fish like a very low, low tide." Pax gave them a brief detail about and how panic people were because the ships couldn’t dock and people attempted to walk on the ocean floor in attempt to get to the ships. 
"The water suddenly drained away?" Lou furrowed his brows. "What now?"
###Chapter 971: THE FINAL BATTLE (37)
Chapter 971: THE FINAL BATTLE (37)
Dean and Pax monitored the situation in the harbor and they were stunned because this was the first time for them to see how the ocean drained, the vast land that suddenly appeared looked so weird. 
It had been three hours since this happened and there were many shifters had made their way to the ships, abandoned this continent, while those who stayed behind still believed that alpha Cane and luna Iris could do something to fix the situation. 
They learned that the alpha and the luna had returned and they survived the poisonous miasma, thus, they put their hope on them. 
Currently, Iris was trying to figure out what to do with this whole situation. Abby visited her mother in the dungeon and tried to dig more information, any information that could help them. 
"We need to leave, Abby," Elder Rose said, she stood behind the bar. Thankfully, Elder Dandolf and Elder Xarex occupied different cell in different part of the dungeon, so Abby and Elder Rose could have this private conversation. "Something big will happen. All of us will die." She looked genuinely scared. 
"If you don’t tell me what will happen, all of us indeed will die." Abby felt a little bit pity for Elder Rose. For her to end up in this wretched place was something she had never imagine before. "Tell me, do you know anything about why the water in ocean drained?" 
Elder Rose wrung her fingers. She clenched her jaw. She knew something, but didn’t want to tell her. Abby recognized her habit. 
"Mother," Abby called her gently. "I love you, mother. But, why you never love me back? You always put everything else above me. Now I have a baby on my own, I can’t imagine to treat my daughter the way you treated me. Can’t you make one thing right? Can you put me first this time?" 
Elder Rose broke down crying this time, it was hard to see a woman as prideful as her to cry her heart out in front of her. 
Right now, she looked nothing, but an old and pitiful woman. She was struggling with so many things in her life, but it was a rare occasion she would let anyone to know how broken she was inside. Not even Abby had seen this side of her. 
Outside, the sky had turned darker, as the sun slowly disappeared behind the horizon and when Abby looked for Iris, she was breastfeeding her babies. 
Finally, her second baby was willing to open his eyes and they could see his beautiful golden eyes, but it didn’t for long before he fell back to sleep again after his little stomach was full. 
Meanwhile, his twin was very active, he made baby noise and looked at his surroundings with curiosity. 
Cane was with Ethan and Jace to discuss the situation and Zale literally stuck like glue with the babies if Zephyr didn’t drag him away to give him some tasks to do. 
"I need to talk with you about something," Abby said, as she approached Iris. She was surrounded by people, who loved her and would do anything for her, while she only had Cedric, even so the knight didn’t belong to her. Cedric was one of Iris’s protectors too. "Alone." 
Abby envied that. She grew up with no one, even now, she had no one, but her baby. 
"Okay." Iris handed her first son to Hanna and then followed Abby outside, where she told her everything that elder Rose had disclosed. "A great waterfall? What is that?" 
Abby shook her head. "She only said that the great waterfall will kill all of us, no matter how far we went, we will not be able to escape it, it’s too late to board the ship and leave this continent too." 
They were in perilous situation. 
"What else?" Iris narrowed her eyes. She didn’t know whether Elder Rose was telling Abby the truth or not, but she knew the peculiar thing that happened with the ocean was not a good sign. 
Abby clenched her jaw. "Elder Rose said, she is willing to tell everything if you came to visit her. There is something she wanted to talk about only with you." 
Iris knew Elder Rose would find a way to have this conversation with her. It was not that she was not curios about her origin, but at this point, she felt like it didn’t matter, whether her mother was Elder Rose’s second child or not, she was still stranger to her. 
More so, she had a bad feeling. Investigating her origin would be like opening a can of worm, she didn’t have the emotional spare to deal with it now. 
"I have tried to dig deeper, but she didn’t budge. She wanted to see you." 
In the end, Elder Rose found a way to force Iris to meet with her. 
"I will see her," Iris said. This was something she had to face sooner than later. "Where is Cane?" Iris asked Kian, who followed them. "Can you call him and tell him to meet me in the dungeon?" 
Kian nodded and left her with Zephyr, as he looked for the alpha and when Iris arrived, Cane was already there. He looked as calm as ever. Under the soft light of the moon, he looked aloof and ethereal. 
"Are you sure, you are going to meet with her?" 
Iris nodded. "But, I want you to be there with me." She needed emotional support, just in case it would be too much for her. 
Thankfully, Elder Rose was not a shifter, thus she wouldn’t know if Cane was nearby and listening their conversation. 
"Okay," Cane said and together they entered the dungeon, while the alpha waited at the door and Iris walked toward the cell. It was like a corridor, where you would see empty cell on your left and right. Elder Rose was on the third cells. 
"Cut the case, what do you want to talk to me?" Iris asked, she looked callous. 
"Can you step closer? I want to look at you." Elder Rose pressed her face against the bar, though Iris didn’t do what she asked her. "I should know it’s you. I should know that’s you... how stupid I am to not recognize you. You are Nera’s daughter. No wonder you look like Abby..." 
"Can you tell me about this great waterfall?" Iris didn’t want to be distracted. This matter was way more important right now. 
Elder Rose sighed deeply and explained what Abby had told her, but she added a few more details. "You have the air magic stone with you. You can stop it." 
"How?" Iris had never had a proper training with her power and despite her remarkable advance to grasp the knowledge by figuring it out on her own, she was still having a hard time without any guidance. 
"I fought a fierce battle fifty years ago. I will teach you. I will show you. Get me out of here and I will show you how to get it done." Elder Rose looked at Iris. "Iris, you might not know about this, but your mother carried not only one birthright." 
Nera was unique, she carried bloodline of the Serafim from Elder Rose, but that was not only her birthright. 
Nera’s father was a strong magic user. He was one of Elder Rose’s protectors. The only man that she loved, but when their affair was known, he had to face the punishment. 
However, Ari was not only a mere strong magic user, he was the second prince of in the Andelus continent. 
The Andelus Kingdom was overshadowed by the Holy Kingdom, because most of the time, they looked upon the Holy Kingdom more and the latest held more great influence. Therefore, Andelus Kingdom’s existence was akin to an assistance for the Holy Kingdom. 
Even though Ari was the second prince, he couldn’t escape the punishment after the affair was revealed. They didn’t make it known to the public and outsider thought, Ari died during one of the Serafim’s battles. 
One thing about the royal family of Andelus Kingdom, the women descendent from them would inherit a strong spiritual power. It would always pass down to the women in the royal family. 
This explained how Iris could see other’s spirit albeit they were not shifters. 
Iris was mistaken to think this ability belonged to the Serafim, the power of the Serafim that she had not yet understood. As it turned out, this was her second birthright that she got from her mother. But, who was her father? 
"Iris, you are powerful enough to stop Rei, but you need someone to guide you. Your strong power will be useless if you didn’t even know how to use it." Elder Rose looked genuine for the first time, she stared at Iris, imagining how Nera was when she was alive. She had never held her in her arms at all. "Let me help you." 
"You don’t help me, Elder Rose. You are helping yourself." Iris corrected her. But then, she stretched out her hand and burned the steel, releasing her from the cell, just like how she freed the little white diamond tiger. 
Elder Rose was thrilled to see this, but Iris’s cold voice stopped her from being too happy. 
"You are still no one to me and I expect you to act accordingly." Iris walked toward the door, where Cane had been waiting for her and to her surprised, Abby had been there too, listening to the whole conversation. 
There was this sadness in her eyes.
###Chapter 972: THE FINAL BATTLE (38)
Chapter 972: THE FINAL BATTLE (38)
Abby heard everything. She heard how Elder Rose said that she only loved Ari, the second prince. You didn’t even need to use your brain to know that she cheated on her father to be with her lover. 
However, Elder Rose condemned her for being with Liam when she didn’t even cheat with anyone. The hypocrisy here was very appalling. 
Did she condemn her because she was born from the man that she didn’t love? But, what about her first daughter? Gabriel? Why she treated her way better? 
Elder Rose was surprised to see Abby and the way she looked at her, but his main focus right now was Iris and there was an urgent matter they needed to handle. 
Meanwhile, Cane didn’t seem surprised to see Elder Rose with Iris and when she asked for some time with her, he agreed. 
At this point, Iris was too powerful for Elder to harm her. 
"I will be with the babies," Cane said. 
"Kiss them for me." Iris tiptoed and kissed both Cane’s cheeks. 
"I will." Cane tilted his head. "Where is my kiss then?" 
Iris blushed and it had been a while for Cane to see her blush like this, thus he took the initiative to retrieve his kiss instead. 
After Cane left, there were only Iris, Abby and Elder Rose in the empty space near the dungeon. All the warriors stood on guard around them, but they were not too close to listen to their conversation, but not too far, just in case they were needed right away. 
"Despite everything, the alpha is a good man. Someone that you can rely on." The tone that Elder Rose used didn’t sit well with Iris, since she had told her not to act like that. 
"It’s not your place to judge. I don’t care what you think of him, I don’t want to hear any of it." Iris fished out the air magic stone. This magic stone was the only one in this realm, it was made by the first Serafim’s last breath. "You can start now." 
Abby stared at the air magic stone. She had never touched it before, let alone learned about it. Elder Rose and the other elders had never given her the chance to even take a glimpse of it, but right now, her mother would teach Iris. 
Abby felt like this was not her place to stay, thus she chose to walk away. If this would be the end of them, she wanted to be with her baby. 
However, Iris caught her hand. "Where are you going?" She frowned. "Stay here. I don’t know if she will deceive me or not, I need you to help me." 
There was this silence before a smile bloomed on her lips. "Sure." 
On the other hand, Cane gave the kisses that Iris entrusted to him to their babies. His firstborn giggled and made baby noise, while his second born only spared him a glance before he fell asleep again. 
It was easy to distinguish them, because their second born was smaller than the other and he was a quiet baby, almost never made any sound, unless he was hungry. 
"All of you can leave," Cane said. He put down her babies on the bed, side by side, while his firstborn was making noises. 
Hanna and Aliana then left the room, but Zale and Lil Thing were still there. 
"I said all of you," Cane repeated it again. 
"Why? I am the babies’ guardian." Zale protested, he hugged Lil Thing. "Lil Thing is here, I will be here too." He showed his stubborn side. "Oh, more so, I have learned your trick with the stone, you need to see this." He tried to buy some time so he could stay a little bit longer. 
Cane narrowed his eyes when Zale enthusiastically took out his stone from his pocket, but all of sudden he stopped, his gaze was empty and his eyes shifted into blue color. 
"Zale?" Cane frowned. He was alerted when his eyes changed color. It was the same blue like Iris’s. He immediately stood up and was about to approach him, but the young boy had shifted into his beast and dashed away from the room without saying anything. 
However, it didn’t only happen to Zale, because Cedric, Cezi and Lou experienced the same thing. They felt this urge to go, as if there was something that called them, someone... as if this was a duty that they had to fulfill. 
"Where are you going?" Ethan frowned at Lou when he suddenly rushed away. They were discussing about the matter in this pack with Jace, but the merchant just left without any explanation. 
And miles away from the harbor, amidst the poisonous miasma, someone was staring into the distance, he closed his eyes and breathed deeply. 
"It’s happening..." Rei sighed. He then shifted his attention back to the man beside him. "Should we go now, Liam?" 
Liam didn’t answer him, he looked like a person, who was lost in thought. He was not even aware of his surroundings. 
At the same time, at the harbor, the chaos had started. The peculiarity of the ocean made all the people felt restless, they tried to figure out what was going on and was panicking because of the uncertainty. They fight started, just like what Cane had predicted. 
The shifters and the merchant and also many other people fought to get into the ships, but after two hours of that and the sky had started to turn brighter, it was happening... 
It started with an earthquake, but it was stronger than the rest and suddenly there weas this huge wave that lifted all the docked ships, this huge wave was akin to waterfall, covered the sky and the shadow of it fell beyond the harbor. 
The fight stopped and all the people were shocked, they didn’t even know what to do or where to go, it would be too late for them even if they started running away from here. That was it. This was the end of it... 
"We are going to die..." It just registered to their mind that they were not be able to escape this. 
"The water! The water!" One of the merchant pointed his finger to a wall of water before their eyes, it was very high, as if it touched the sky, a large ocean wave. 
All of them fell to their knees, accepted their fate. It happened so fast when these immense waves traveled so fast from the opened ocean toward the harbor and then reached the pack. 
Shifters and merchant alike, who gathered around the harbor couldn’t escape the great impact of it. 
However, when these deadly waves close to the pack house, suddenly it hit something, an invisible wall that was strong enough to hold the impact. People rushed closer to the pack house when they watched a wall of water. It almost felt like they were surrounded by the water. It was even higher than the fortress. 
People scrambled to get away from it. They were panicking. 
But, upon closer look, you would be able to see that the air spirit, Sylph was the reason behind why they were not being washed away by this great wave already. 
And of course, behind the Sylph, there was the strong Serafim, who protected them. 
"What is going on...?" Abby breathed shakily, as she took a step closer toward Iris, but Elder Rose stopped her. 
"Don’t bother her! She needed to concentrate! Or else, all of us will die!" Elder Rose took Abby’s hand to back away. 
There was not enough time for Elder Rose to explain everything to Iris when the earthquake occurred and they realized what was going to happen next. Elder Rose only touched the basic of it and now, Iris had to figure it out on her own. 
This was not the first time for Iris to figure things out on her own, she had been doing this, ever since she learned about her ability. 
Now with the air magic stone in her hand, she could feel everything clearer. The spirit of the people that died, during this huge wave, the spirit of people and shifters around her. She could feel everyone’s spirit. She knew where Cane and their babies were... Aliana, Hanna, Will, Redmond... she could feel them all and knew where they were. 
Cedric, Lou, Cezi and Zale went to four different directions, as per Iris’s instruction. No, it was not even an instruction, it was the utmost devotion from them. It almost felt like she could control them as she pleased. 
The four protectors created a wall of barrier with Iris as the center, it protected them from the giant wave that reached the pack house. They could see how the morning sky was covered by the water from the ocean. It almost like they were living under the water. 
Abby could feel how powerful Iris was. She had never felt this immense power from someone else before, not even from Elder Rose when she used the power of the air magic stone. 
However, Iris was not only able to feel the spirit from people around her, her power was beyond that. She felt the spirit of the white diamond tiger, Kaz, Maria and people in the Howling Wolf pack and Blue Moon pack. 
She could feel Rei and Liam... 
Iris opened her eyes and those bright blue eyes looked very lucid. She lifted her hand and flicked her wrist. Slowly, but surely the ocean water was receding, it calmed down.
###Chapter 973: THE FINAL BATTLE (39)
Chapter 973: THE FINAL BATTLE (39)
"Don’t you think your mother is so awesome?" Cane said to his babies, as he carried the two of them, staring through the window of their room. 
The two babies opened their eyes and stared at the sky covered ocean water, it was dazzling. The firstborn made noises and writhed his body with his little arms stretched out. Cane was not sure what he was trying to say, but he looked excited. 
"I know, my mate is very powerful," Cane said, he kissed both of his sons, while his second born, looked so calm and only blinked his eyes a few times before he fell asleep again, didn’t seem to care. 
Cane watched how the ocean water finally receded and what was left must be a gut wrenching destruction, but to know they managed to save this calamity was already something that he should be grateful for. Thing could be worse for them. 
One problem was handled and now their next problem was the poisonous miasma. 
"Stay with them." Cane handed over the babies to Hanna and Aliana. Joel and Finn were there too. It was not official yet, but the two young warriors would be the babies’ personal warriors from now on. 
"Yes, alpha." Hanna and Aliana were happy enough to get the babies back. Joel and Finn talked about how great the luna was and how she had saved their lives countless times. 
"I think the luna is the greatest magic user!" Finn said, he watched the sky was clear again. 
"No, the luna is the Serafim," Joel retorted. "No, I think she is more powerful than a Serafim. It’s so awesome we have her as our luna!" 
Lil Thing woke up from its nap and curled around Aliana’s legs to take a nap again, while the alpha left to meet with his mate. 
When Cane left Iris, he didn’t think it would happen this fast, he thought, she would have time a day or two to learn a few things from Elder Rose, but even in such short period of time, she managed to make the best of it. 
Cane hastened his steps when he saw Iris staggered, he caught her body and steadied her before she could fall, while Elder Rose and Abby were still dumbfounded of the power that Iris displayed. 
"Are you, okay?" Cane asked Iris. "Let’s go back to the pack house." Cane carried Iris in his arms, as she rested her head against his shoulder. 
"I know where Rei is and also... Liam," Iris said. She glanced at Abby. She didn’t hear what she said because she and Cane had walked a little bit further from them, leaving Abby with only Elder Rose and a few warriors around, to make sure this Elder wouldn’t try to do anything funny. 
"Let’s talk about it later when you get some rest. You have done a really great job." Cane’s eyes softened when he stared at his mate. "I am so proud of you." 
Iris felt so good to hear that. It was even better than to see all the people were astonished by what she could do. 
"Where is my reward?" Iris asked playfully and she got a sweet kiss on her lips. She was also glad that she was still able to kiss her mate, to be together with her babies and the people that matter the most in her life. 
Even though they lost a lot of their loved ones, but she was thankful, they were were still thriving. 
Meanwhile, her four protectors were drained too. They laid down on the ground, breathing heavily, trying to discern what just happened. 
"What are you doing, sleeping there?" Redmond frowned at Lou. His figure towered above the merchant. 
"Go away..." Lou said irritatedly, he only wanted to sleep for a while. "I am just saving the world. You should worship the ground that I walked." 
"Nonsense." Redmond kicked his leg and left him alone there. 
However, all the people, who survived overjoyed once they learned they were safe. It was over and they wouldn’t die. They hugged their family and started to ask around what happened. 
Words spread so fast and it was unsure, who started it, but they learned it was luna Iris, who had saved them with her power. All of them knew that the luna from the Howling Wolf pack was not someone simple, she had this ability like a magic user. More than a magic user if they could say. 
At the same time, Iris was breastfeeding her babies with Cane helped to hold them and Hanna fed her. The luna that those people were talking about was starving now she had used all of her strength. 
"Slowly," Cane reminded her, because Iris ate too fast, while Hanna giggled to see her missy. 
From the look of it, Iris was no longer care about her appearance. She had one baby in her arms and the other was being held by Cane, her hair was a little bit messy and her babies latched onto her breasts, while she ate anything Hanna gave to her. 
"I am starving," Iris grumbled, chewing on a piece of meat. "Cane, I think Rei and Liam are around the Lucentsand desert in Moon Dew pack," Iris said. 
Lucentsand desert was a desert that you had to cross when you wanted to go to the black market, you couldn’t cross it during the day, because it was too hot for you and it would literally burn you. 
"Eat first, we will talk about this with the other. Just focus on yourself." Cane wanted Iris to replenish her energy first. She had created a miracle and saved them all, it was only right if she got some rest before they jumped onto another problem. 
================================== 
"Abby, are you sure you are going to stay in this continent?" Elder Rose asked her daughter the moment it was only the two of them. "Think about this carefully. This continent is not stable, even after we defeated Decratic, this place is not a safe place for you to stay." 
"We? You are not the one, who had defeated Decratic, neither did I." Abby suppressed her bitterness. "Luna Iris, who had done it and shifters in this continent. Don’t take credit for their achievement, that’s very embarrassing." 
Elder Rose clamped her mouth. She looked at his daughter and for the first time, she realized how further away Abby was from her. She was always within her palms, doing everything that she told her to do, never once she talked back to her, but right now, she was out of her reach. 
"Do you hate me so much?" 
"I am past that. Now, I don’t feel anything toward you, not even respect. Just like what luna Iris told you. Despite knowing the truth, she didn’t want to have anything with you. I have the same feeling." Abby looked at her mother sadly. She looked so old and tired. If there was the remaining feeling for her, it must be a pity. 
"She is your sister’s daughter, we are family." 
"You have never treated me like one and you can’t claim someone as your family and expect them to share the same sentiment." Abby sighed deeply. "I am done with you. Goodbye, Elder Rose." 
Even until the end, Abby refused to call her as a mother. 
After saying that, Abby turned around and was about to leave the elder there when she spoke something that halted her step. 
"Don’t you want to know where is Liam?" Elder Rose asked. She knew this was the only thing that would make Abby reconsidered her decision. "I can tell you where he is." 
Abby clenched her jaw. "Where is he?" She glared at Elder Rose, she knew really well what kind of game she was playing right now. 
Later that night, after Iris breastfed her babies and filled her stomach, she felt very tired and sleepy, therefore, the meeting with the other protectors had to be postponed, until the next day. 
Meanwhile, Cane took care the aftermath, he distributed the task to his warriors, you would see Jace and Ethan came and gone very often. Cane didn’t allow them to enter the room, because Iris and the babies were sleeping, so it would be him, who walked out of the room, since he didn’t want to leave his mate and their babies alone. 
But, in the middle of the night, one of the babies was awake and from the sound of it, Cane knew it must be his firstborn. 
The alpha immediately came to tend to his son before he woke up his sibling and Iris, but unfortunately for him the baby was hungry and he needed his mother. 
Thankfully, Iris was also awake when she heard her baby was crying, thus Cane didn’t need to feel guilty to wake her up. 
"A mother is extraordinary. You are amazing," Cane said, as he stared at Iris, who breastfed their baby, he rearranged the pillow behind her back. 
Iris chuckled. She stared at her other baby, who was sleeping soundly on his crib. "Thank you. You are amazing too." 
Cane caressed his baby’s ruddy cheek, but he made a grumbling noise, as if telling him not to touch him when he was eating. 
"You went into a labor, giving birth to two beautiful babies, saving us from the tragedy and after that, I can’t even help you to feed the babies and give you the rest that you needed." 
Iris giggled, she leaned over and kissed the tip of his nose. "Don’t be silly. That’s what we do for the people we love."
###Chapter 974: THE FINAL BATTLE (40)
Chapter 974: THE FINAL BATTLE (40)
’The last pillar is Liam.’ 
That was what Elder Rose told Abby and she knew what it meant. 
Letto was the pillar, he needed to be killed in order to close the hell of gates and stop the poisonous miasma from spreading around, but they had not done it yet, because Iris insisted not to kill him and find another way to actually save the young man. 
More so, they had not yet found the last pillar, in this case, there was no point of killing Letto. 
But, if Liam was the last pillar and they knew about it, it would be a different story completely. 
Abby was trembling when she learned about that, she felt so sick and vomiting a few times, she couldn’t bring herself to believe that piece of information. 
Elder Rose didn’t want to tell her about it, because she wanted to spare her feeling, but how could it help her? Either she knew about it or not, it didn’t make her feel better. 
Elder Rose told her that there was a high chance Liam was with Rei, but she didn’t know what he had done to him and said not to have a high hope to be able to see ’Liam’ that she used to know. 
Her last word was very devastating. 
Elder Rose didn’t know where they were, but Iris knew... 
"Lucentsand desert," Iris said, informing them about Rei’s whereabout. "He is there with Liam." Iris’s eyes found Abby and she frowned, because she didn’t look as surprise as she expected. 
She knew she had been looking for Liam and pressing down this matter with Elder Rose, but she didn’t seem to be surprised enough with the mention of his name. 
Instead, it was Cedric, who was dumbfounded with this new information. "How do you know Liam is with Rei?" 
Iris brushed off the matter with Abby’s lack of emotion, as she continued to explain how she knew about it and how she could see all the people’s spirit, whether they were dead or alive. 
Lou made a ruckus about this, as he was very excited for her to learn new ability. Zale bickered with him, while Cezi looked respectful and Cedric was still shocked. 
For now, Elder Rose was under a close watch, they didn’t put her back into the dungeon for her help, but it didn’t mean she was free to roam around the area. 
"What are you going to do?" Cedric asked, anxiety was written all over his face. "Are you going to kill Rei and... Liam?" 
"You are going to get trouble if you trying to kill Rei. The Holy Kingdom will not remain silent if you killed him, especially when you locked up the remaining three elders," Abby finally spoke. 
"His crime alone is enough for him to be burned alive. He is a black magic user for crying out loud and Holy Kingdom makes it very clear to kill all the black magic users." Lou frowned at Abby, he was unhappy. "Why I feel like you start switching side again?" Lou blurted out. 
Abby glared at him, but she didn’t say anything. 
Not only Iris and Cane, but Lou also seemingly picked up the lack of emotion from Abby when she heard about Liam. 
"We are going to kill him," Cane said. His voice made it sound final, there was no room for negotiation. All of them agreed with him. Why would they want to spare the life of the person, who had caused so much trouble for them? 
"So, when are we going to go?" Zale asked, he was thrilled because he was involved in this meeting. Since, he was part of Iris’s protectors and he showed them that he was capable to hold his ground earlier. 
"Lou, when do you think you can create the portal to Lucentsand desert?" Using Lou’s portal was the easiest and the fastest way to get there. 
The problem with poisonous miasma could be temporarily resolved because Iris had purified it, it was enough for them to feel safe for a few days before the red smoke could reach this area again. 
People were busy to find their family and build the pack again, many funerals were held and cries filled the air after the initial joy for surviving the calamity, now they had to face the reality and accept the fact some of them lost their family member, some of them lost their property and some of them lost both. 
"In three days," Lou said. "I think I will be fine in three days." 
"We will leave on the third day, at night." Cane nodded. Because it was Lucentsand, they needed to reach there within three days, because it would be impossible for them during the day. 
"Three days, do you think Rei will still be there after three days?" Cezi asked. Rei could be anywhere after three days. 
"Even if he moved somewhere else, Iris will know his whereabouts," Cane reminded them about this and Cezi felt stupid because he forgot this part, because Iris’s ability was unusual, he was still trying to grasp what the luna could do. 
After that, they left to get some rest, while Iris spent her time with her babies and Cane took care of this pack. Because of the damage, there were a lot of things to be done. 
They have to move on with their lives even though they were still grieving, because there was no time for that, when there was so much they had to do. 
Iris really wanted to have Amee and Grace there with her, she wanted to tell them that she survived and introduced them to her babies. 
On the seventh day they were born, their golden eyes faded and they could see, whose eyes they took after. 
"Blue! It’s blue!" Iris said with giggle. She showed Cane their babies’ eyes. "They took after me!" Finally there was something that resembled her, aside their curls. 
Both babies had blue eyes, as clear as the deep sea. 
"They are even more beautiful with your blue eyes," Cane said, happy because they took her eyes instead of his boring one. 
"You have not yet named them, Alpha, Luna." Aliana reminded them. 
Their children could be said as easy babies, because they didn’t usually to make a fuss unless they were hungry and needed to be cleaned, especially the younger one, who used to sleep the whole day. 
Cane and Iris put their babies on the bed, right now, they were awake and made baby noises. Iris pulled away her younger son because the eldest was nipping on his ear. 
"Hm... I am thinking of Zander for the eldest..." Iris said, she had thought about this name with Cane for a while. 
"And Zenith for the youngest," Cane finished her sentence. 
"What do you think?" Iris asked. She chuckled when her eldest son tried to get to his twin again, stretching out his short arms 
"Zander and Zenith, those are beautiful name," Hanna said with a bright smile. "Is there a meaning behind it?" 
"Zander meant defender, while Zenith meant powerful." Iris stared at her sons with love in her eyes. "I hope they will get along well throughout this life."
###Chapter 975: THE FINAL BATTLE (41)
Chapter 975: THE FINAL BATTLE (41)
The heavy part of taking this journey was when she had to leave her babies. Iris had to let someone else to feed the babies, because it was impossible for them to go so long without eating. 
Thankfully, Aliana found two women, who just gave birth to their children and were more than willing to help. 
Of course, Cane had done a background check on them and they were clear, but still, everything about them would be monitored. They were not allowed to go out of the pack house and Aliana and Hanna would always be there to accompany them. 
Joel and Finn would stay as well. They were the babies’ personal warriors, unless the time when they were being breastfed, the two young warriors were not allowed to leave the babies alone. 
It was too much, but this precaution was more than necessary. 
Bielle would be under Arella’s care and she was more than happy to have the baby with her. They also had found a woman, who would breastfeed her. 
Aside from Iris four’s protectors, Abby, the beta, the gamma, Redmond and Will would go with them, while the rest would stay behind. They were needed here, more so, bringing so many people wouldn’t help in their case. 
Rei could use them for his own advantage. 
However, before they left, Abby went to the dungeon again to meet with Elder Rose. She didn’t know what to say, but she felt like she needed this moment. 
"I know what you are thinking about," Elder Rose finally said after Abby refused to speak a word and only stand there. "I don’t think Iris can help you. She doesn’t like Liam to begin with. But, if Liam is with Rei right now, he’s gone." 
Abby gritted her teeth. "You know that he is an evil creature, but you are still loyal to him." Her voice was shaking when she spoke. "You know what he had done to your baby, but you still stood by him." 
Abby felt this rage within her that she couldn’t explain. In a way, Elder Rose had let this happened and now Liam’s life was in danger because of her. No, he was gone already. 
But even with that knowledge, how could Abby stand still and watch he was being killed right before her eyes? She even helped them to kill him. 
This was too cruel... 
"Abby, you didn’t know what Rei could do," Elder Rose said in small voice. 
"He is going to die, just like Decratic." Iris managed to kill that devil, she was going to succeed too this time, though, initially this was her duty to destroy Decratic and his followers. 
"Have you forgotten? One important thing about Decratic?" Elder Rose raised her head, she stared at Abby with this sadness in her eyes. "You need to kill the real one. You need to kill the real Decratic." 
Abby frowned when she heard that. "What do you mean?" 
============================= 
The preparation was done and they were ready to go. This morning, the entourage from Howling Wolf pack came, as they brought magic stone for Lou as many as they could find. 
The merchant needed this just in case, Iris was not nearby and she couldn’t provide him with the power of the Sylph. 
Once Lou had the magic stone, they were going to Lucentsand desert this night. 
However, to their surprised, Kaz, Maria, Grilla, the white diamond tiger and Carla came as well. They heard about the birth of the twin and they insisted to come and see the baby. 
Kaz and Maria looked a little bit awkward when they greeted Iris. They didn’t even dare to look at her in the eyes and spoke a word. They wanted to see the babies, but they couldn’t bring themselves to ask for permission. 
In that case, Iris feigned ignorant too. 
Called her petty, but she didn’t want anyone that she didn’t trust to be close to her babies, especially when she was away. It didn’t mean Kaz and Maria would harm her babies, as she knew how much they wanted them. 
But, after what they had done in the past and how they acted, there was this thing that you called as consequences. 
However, Iris let Carla, Grilla and Ezra to see the baby, actually she was grateful the two of them were here, because even though she was not so close with Grilla like she did with Amee, but this woman would be a tremendous help for her during this period of time. 
Ezra was a little bigger now and he looked healthy, his wounds had faded away and he talked a little bit more. Iris was happy to see him again. 
"They are so tiny," Ezra said, as he held Zander’s little fingers. The baby looked at him curiously, while Zenith was sleeping. 
"You were also tiny when you were around this age," Grilla said. She held Zenith in her arms and was grateful that the luna allowed her to be with the babies. 
Even though they missed the first seven days of when they were born to see their golden eyes, but there was no mistaken that the babies were the alpha, aside from their curls and their blue eyes, they looked exactly like baby Cane. 
Grilla was there when the former luna of the Howling Wolf pack gave birth to him and his twins. 
Zander looked around him and when his eyes caught Iris’s sight, the baby made a fuss, stretching out his short arms toward his mother, wanting his comfort. 
Iris’s heart melted when she saw this and immediately came to pick him up. The baby snuggled against her. His mother’s scent must be very comforting. 
"He is sleepy," Iris explained to Ezra when the Diamond White Tiger looked confused by the baby suddenly made a fuss. He didn’t hurt him. "You can play with him again when he woke up." 
Ezra was more than happy to hear that. 
"I don’t think I want to leave," Iris said softly, as she stared at her baby, watching him falling asleep in her arms. 
However, when the night came and they were ready to leave, Kaz and Maria finally gathered the courage to approach Iris when Cane was not around, but unfortunately for them, Redmond was with Iris. 
"Luna, can you spare some time?" Kaz said in small voice, he had dropped all the arrogancy and hatred. At this point, he looked very remorseful for what he had done, so did Maria. 
They had learned about Sofia and what the alpha was up to. They felt even more stupid not to believe their alpha and even thought that Cane would be able to be fooled so easily, as it turned out, it was them, who was being fooled. 
"No, she is busy, go away," Redmond said, he grabbed Iris’s elbow and took her away from Kaz and Maria, but he was also surprised because Iris didn’t retaliate, giving her kind nature, usually she would give them a chance to speak. 
Redmond asked about that and her answer satisfied him. 
"I have given them a lot of chance. They are old enough to be preached about the consequences of their action." Iris shrugged her shoulders. "Like you said, I am busy. I don’t have time for that." 
Redmond laughed when he heard that, he was completely pleased with how much Iris had grown from that timid girl, who could stand up for herself to the perfect luna, the powerful one, to say the least. 
Redmond still remembered that little girl, who opened her arms, asking to be hugged. The kindness in her blue eyes. 
That helpless little girl, who desperately wanted people to want her back was a far memory... 
"I don’t know if you would appreciate this, but I am so proud of you," Redmond said. He didn’t mean to say something cheesy, but he felt like Iris needed to know this. 
Iris smiled brightly. "I am really appreciated that." She patted his back. "I am not ready to forgive Kaz and Maria, but I am ready to forgive Sofia." 
Iris noticed that Sofia had been trying to get close to her, but every time she was about to try, she would back off in the end and mind her own business, as if she was not aware of Iris’s existence. 
Redmond grinned. "Well, she has been hounding me down to make an opportunity to talk with you." 
Iris raised her brows. "But you have never told me about this." 
Redmond looked nonchalant when he replied. "Well, let her wait a little bit more." 
Hearing that, Iris narrowed her eyes and scrutinized his expression. "You like it when she hounded you down." 
"She can be cute if she was flustered," Redmond said with a sigh. He missed his little family. Now, he could have people, who waited for his return and... that was not a bad feeling. That was great to say the least. 
"I don’t know you have this side of you," Iris chuckled. 
"But, don’t tell her," Redmond said, his tone became serious. "She is going to beat me up." 
Iris laughed now. "I am not promised, I think it will be entertaining to see she beat you up." 
"Hey! Come here, quick!" Lou waved his hands from the distance. 
"What are you laughing about?" Ethan jogged toward them. "Tell me what are you laughing about? I need a good laugh too. Lou has been stressing me out." 
"Go away!" Redmond pushed the gamma away from him when he was getting too close. 
Meanwhile, before they could bicker, Iris had rushed toward Cane.
###Chapter 976: THE FINAL BATTLE (42)
Chapter 976: THE FINAL BATTLE (42)
Lou created a portal for them to leave this pack, to reach Lucentsand desert and got to Rei and Liam. Iris could sense them were still there. 
Thus, once the night fell all of them left immediately, because they only had a really short time to take care of Rei. Once the sun rose, they needed to get out of there. 
Aliana came to see them leaving, she hugged Ethan and Jace. This mission was especially heavy for her, because her brother and her lover were part of it. She really wanted to go, but she had another important task to be done here. 
She failed to protect the alpha and the luna’s babies before, she was not going to let that happened again. Anything could happen at this point and they had to prepare for the worst. 
"Please, come back," Aliana whispered to Ethan and Jace, hugged the two of them tightly. 
Both men smiled at her and reassured her that everything would be alright that they would return with victory. 
"We are with Iris, you know. The most powerful magic user," Ethan grinned. "There is nothing to be worried about." 
On the other hand, Abby tried not to hear that comment and focused on Bielle, she left her baby with Arella and her wet nurse. 
"Are you, okay?" Cedric checked on her and Abby nodded. 
"I am fine." 
"Let’s go." 
There were total of ten people, who would leave with the alpha and the luna. Currently, Lou was with Sabian and Nala, as the woman told him to return. He had created the portal and told them all to leave now. 
"Let them to have their moment," Nala said. She didn’t want to admit it, but she was nervous to let Lou leave. She was afraid if something bad happened to him. 
"They can have their moment once we returned. Time is essential," Lou said, unhappy. 
However, Nala did something that caught the merchant out of guard, she tiptoed and kissed his lips, it was not an innocent kiss, as she pulled him down, forced him to bend his body to accommodate her height. 
After that, she hugged him tightly. "Don’t die."
Lou blinked his eyes. He was shocked with Nala’s initiative. But, well... a kiss and a hug were always welcomed. 
Not long after that, they departed. All of them went through the portal and the first thing they could feel was this soft sand they landed. The smell of it brought back memory for Lou, who used to spend his time in the black market. 
Unfortunately, the black market had gone for good. 
"Nostalgic," Lou commented, the moment they were there. The night was rather cold, because the winter just ended. 
Cane tightened the cloak around Iris’s body. "Do you know where his exact location?" 
"Yes." Iris started to walk toward where she could sense Rei and Liam’s spirit. She remembered what Abby said about Rei that people in the Holy Kingdom saw him as the Holy spirit. 
Iris really wanted to scoff at that statement, because she had never sensed someone as malice as him, even his spirit was rotten. 
Suddenly Cane stopped walking. He stared at the distance. 
"What is it?" Jace asked. 
"I know where they are," Cane said. He could sense Liam, because he was the last pillar and they were getting close to them. 
Abby looked pale, she wrung her fingers and tried to focus on the right thing to do, but she couldn’t hide her anxiety. This would be the first time she met with Liam again after so many months. She wanted to tell him that she had given birth to a beautiful daughter that looked like him. 
She wanted to tell him that she missed him and she hoped, they could go back together now. She didn’t care where they lived, she only wanted him and their baby to be together. 
"Are you, okay?" Cedric asked, he could sense her uneasiness and Abby just nodded. He grabbed her hand and held it when Abby started picking on her nails again. 
They walked in this desert under the moonlight that guided them, this vast area looked the same, you would be lose easily here. 
And after a few minutes of walking, they saw them. Rei and Liam, they stood there as if they were waiting for them. 
Rei looked fine, as if the turmoil that happened had never reached him. 
The poisonous miasma in this area had been cleared beforehand by Iris, thus it was not a problem for them. 
"We meet again," Rei said. He smiled softly at Iris. He didn’t even put his attention to the other people, because his main focus was on her. "You are here for me." 
"Liam is the last pillar," Cane said and all of them paid their attention to the knight. They knew what it meant. 
This news especially shocked Cedric, because he was not prepared for this. 
It meant, they had to kill him? 
On the other hand, Abby could feel her heart lurched to the ground. What Cane said sounded like a final verdict for her. 
She stared at Liam’s face, but he didn’t even look at her. His eyes were empty. What Rei had done to him? Why he didn’t recognize her? 
Elder Rose was right. If Liam was with Rei, it was almost the same if he had gone. 
"You are the true Decratic, right?" Iris blurted it out. It was not coming out of nowhere, but she had this discussion with Cane and came with this conclusion. "You are the real Decratic. You are not protectors." 
Rei didn’t seem surprised with the accusation. He looked as calm as ever. 
However, suddenly his figure flickered and he appeared in front of Iris and Cane, his movement was so fast, no one predicted this. 
"I don’t know how I can explain this to you, Na. But, I have told you that I will give you the world and do anything for you and I meant it." 
Cane immediately pulled Iris behind his back and black wisp emerged from his body, but the sand suddenly became less stable, as if it melted under them, swallowing them slowly. 
"I love you, Na. If you still couldn’t see that. I don’t know what else should I do to prove it to you." Rei moved very quick, as he snatched Iris from Cane, while the alpha and the rest of them were being sucked into the sand. 
However, the moment Rei touched her, Iris grabbed his hand instead and didn’t let go. She was still close enough with Cane to draw the sixth sword from him. 
Iris did it swiftly and stabbed Rei in his chest, but he dipped his nails on her neck, leaving scar there. 
"If I have to die, you are going with me too," Rei said. His eyes filled with sadness. "I am not going to let you leave me alone anymore. Let the existence of the Serafim and Decratic ended with us." 
Rei didn’t have any intention to escape this time, but because Iris didn’t want to be with him and determined to kill him, he was not going to give her happily ever after.
###Chapter 977: THE FINAL BATTLE (43)
Chapter 977: THE FINAL BATTLE (43)
There was this bond between the Serafim and Decratic. As long as one lived, the other would exist too. If the circle of the Serafim continued, it meant Decratic still existed as well. 
And Iris determined that she would be the last Serafim, which meant, she was going to destroy Rei. She was not sure how Rei could tangle himself with Decratic, because from what she remembered from Na’s memory, Rei was loyal to her, there was no way he crossed the bridge and asked for Decratic’s help. 
There was only one reason if Na didn’t have any recollection of that, it meant, Rei crossed to the other side after her death. 
As if to answer that, the moment Rei tainted Iris with his dark magic and Iris absorbed it, all the memories of Rei’s life burst in her mind. She could see what happened. She saw what Rei had done to her mother and many more... 
She saw her mother as a baby, Rei put her in the middle of a rune that was drawn on the floor by something like blood. It was not only her mother, but also all the baby girls that the Serafim gave birth to. 
This was the reason why all the baby girl from the Serafim would stay within the pure faction for a year before they were returned to their mother. 
Rei wanted to look for Na. He knew one day Na would born again, since Decratic still existed, but after decades and centuries, he couldn’t find it. 
Iris didn’t know what exactly Rei did to the babies, but every time those poor babies were put in the middle of the rune, they would cry until their faces turned red. 
There were so many babies throughout the five hundred years Rei lived, but he couldn’t find the right one, until Iris’s mother... 
Only then Iris realized what Rei was trying to do. 
He forced the babies to their limit, where they were being hurt to the point, they had to protect themselves and the divine power would appear, because that was what happened to baby Nera. 
It could be said, when the babies were within the rune, they were being ’tortured’, so they would retaliate. The pain wouldn’t kill them, Rei didn’t intend to kill them, because his main goal was to find Na. 
But, sure enough, the babies had to go through so much pain for his ambition. 
Because they were too young to remember that, no one could tell what Rei actually did to the babies that he took from the Serafim. 
For a whole year, Rei would bring only pain to the baby, which rendered them weak, most of the pain came from black magic, which could weaken their divine power. 
Therefore, most of the Serafim had to go to purify themselves in the Great Shrine, where the five swords that contain Na’s power were. 
But, unfortunately for Abby, the map to the Great Shrine disappeared, therefore, she was born so weak, since her divine power was ruined by Rei and she couldn’t have the help she needed to salvage it. 
That was why, Rei could summon the Sylph, he found a way to do it. Therefore, despite he was a creature with dark magic, he was rather resistance with divine power. 
And even though some of the baby had the divine power, but this was not the same divine power that Na had, until Nera. 
Nera was exactly what Rei waited for. She had it. She was different from the rest of the baby and Rei was too happy to finally find her. 
Rei kept Nera. He raised her, taught her everything that she needed as the proper Serafim, all the knowledge, he saw her as Na. 
She was Na in his eyes. 
Until one day, Nera disappeared. She was gone. 
She went away from Rei’s clutch after she tricked him, after he trusted her that they would be together, after he believed he finally found his Na. 
Nera left with a merchant, who came to visit Andel continent, she boarded the ship with the merchant and left her life behind. 
Ever since then, merchant from Karam continent would have a hard time to grow a business there. Rei despised them. 
These memories came to Iris’s mind like a broken dam, everything happened too fast, she couldn’t concentrate what she was seeing, she caught a glimpse of one thing and the next thing had already appeared before her eyes. 
It was overwhelming and his memories were not delightful at all. She wanted this to stop, but that was still not the end of it. 
Years passed and Rei looked for Nera, if she went with the merchant, Rei’s best bet was black market. From there, he got a lead about Nera’s whereabout, but she was dead, leaving her baby girl. 
There was no mistaken, Rei recognized Na’s divine power within Iris. 
Drove her to the most crucial pain in her life and hurt her was a way for Rei to prove him right about it. 
The darkness and the light tangled together. 
With Decratic brought the worse out of her, Iris was forced to bring the best from her to get out of the situation. The pain would make her stronger and the misery would hone her divine power. 
"You worked for Decratic," Iris hissed when she gained her conscience back, the sword that drove to Rei’s heart was tainted by the black magic. Rei resisted. "No. You offered your soul to Decratic. You offered yourself as the sacrifice." 
Rei looked at her sadly. "As long as Decratic lived, Na will live too. I don’t care about anything else." Rei deepened his clutch on Iris’s neck. "I only want to be with her. I have waited so long. I am her protector and forever we should be together." 
That was how the Serafim and Decratic’s fate tangled with one another. 
"But, even if I can’t be with her, I want to vanish with her..." Rei smiled at Iris gently. "Na, you don’t know the pain I have to go through just to be with you... and how much..." 
Rei didn’t finish his word when dark wisp emerged from his body and as if on cue, Rei let out an earth shattering scream that you could make you feel the chill that ran down your spine. 
Cane pulled Iris with him and grabbed the sixth sword in her hand, as he slashed Rei’s body into two. The body was cut into half and dropped to the sands, as it stopped swallowing them and turned solid again. 
Lou and the other had been buried half of their body when it finally stopped and Cane pulled them out by using his black wisp. 
"Damn it! That’s scary!" Lou grumbled, as he dusted his cloak. "That’s it? Only like that?" Lou approached Rei’s bodies. There was no blood and his expression didn’t show any pain at all. "Is he dead?"
Iris approached Rei, she frowned and suddenly her eyes widened, she shook her head. "He is not. The spirit..." 
The moment she mentioned it, there was this red smoke that shot toward Lou and vanished into his body, as the merchant knelt down and roared in pain.
###Chapter 978: THE FINAL BATTLE (44)
Chapter 978: THE FINAL BATTLE (44)
"Hold him down!" Iris roared, while Lou thrashed his body on the sand. He felt his guts were being ripped apart. 
The pain was unbelievable! 
Cezi and Cedric immediately came to help, they held Lou down, while Iris tried to get Rei’s spirit out of his body. 
This was why, Rei was called as spirit and why had this ritual where he needed sacrifice, just like Decratic, he didn’t have real body. The only thing that was left of them after five centuries was only their spirit. 
Because of Rei’s entanglement with Decratic, he preserved Decratic’s existence within his own. Just like what he said, he wanted the existence of Decratic, so the circle of Serafim would never end. 
Rei selfishly retained Decratic’s existence, keeping the devil not strong enough to cause trouble, but it was enough to not cut the circle of the Serafim, so he could meet with Na again one day. 
This was another level of insanity and now the spirit possessed the closer being and it was Lou. Yet, the merchant fought back. 
"We need to destroy the spirit!" Iris said in panic. "But, I can’t do it if the spirit is still inside Lou’s body, I am going to destroy his spirit as well!" 
They needed to get Rei’s spirit out of Lou first, or else, Iris could accidentally kill Lou as well. 
However, the pain that Lou had to endure was unbearable. "Do it! Do it now!" Lou roared. He wanted to be done with it! This was too painful! 
Cezi and Cedric were having a hard time to hold Lou back and Ethan joined in to hold him too. 
"Damn it! Since when he become so strong?! He had never exercise in his entire life!" Ethan cursed, as he held both of his legs. 
"Can you do it?" Cane asked. 
Iris shook her head. "We need to get the spirit out of Lou first!" She was going to kill Lou if she did it wrongly. 
More so, it was Rei’s spirit that they needed to be destroyed, killing Lou wouldn’t solve the problem, since Rei’s spirit could latch onto someone else, just like before. 
However, when Iris tried to find a solution to get Rei’s spirit out of Lou’s body, before it merged completely with the merchant, Liam started to take an action. 
He walked toward them calmly, as if he approached his old friend, which alerted them, but didn’t make them attacked him immediately. 
"Liam?" Abby walked toward him. 
"No! Abby! Back off!" Cedric shouted at her. He couldn’t physically stop her because he had to hold Lou down and it was actually Redmond, who caught her arm. 
"Are you crazy? Can’t you see the sword in his hand?" Redmond was not nice with his words. "Do you want to be cut into two like that?" He nodded at Rei’s cut body. 
"But, he is..." Abby couldn’t find her word, especially when Liam unsheathed his sword and pointed it against them. He was going to get Rei, who currently tried to get Lou’s body. "No... please..." Abby whispered. 
She had prepared herself for the worse, but still she couldn’t go through with it. 
It had been months and the last time they met, she didn’t even think it would be the last time she would see him. There was no goodbye, there was no meaningful conversation, there was nothing. 
And now, Abby was presented with this. Liam looked aloof, he didn’t even recognize her. What Rei had done to him?! 
"Please, don’t..." Abby wanted to cry when she watched Jace and Redmond shifted into their beasts and fought Liam. 
There was something weird about him. He moved so fast, initially, a knight wouldn’t stand a chance to fight two against one with the shifter, but Liam fought really well, his speed was unusual and this was because the black magic that instilled in him. 
Another proof and reason why he had to be killed, since he was also the last pillar. 
"No... stop," Abby said in trembling voice. This was so cruel. Liam had not yet met their baby. He didn’t know that he was a father now. 
Never in million time Abby would imagine their next encounter would be like this. It was way better if Liam died. It would be a mercy if Rei just killed Liam, instead of using him like this. 
In her frustration, Abby snapped out of her misery when she heard Iris shouted. 
"Zale! Get here!" 
Cane already grabbed Iris’s waist and pulled her back, as Cezi, Cedric and Zale created a barrier around Lou to restrain him. Rei was persistent and you could tell that he was going to get a complete control over Lou’s body soon. 
However, the barrier that the three protectors created were not strong enough to hold him back. 
Lou was the protector too and it clicked in their mind how Rei managed to get that birthmark, there must be some point, where he encountered the real protector and got it from them, just like what he was doing to Lou right now. 
This time, Cane used the black wisp to restrain Lou, but once he made a contact with him, he could feel it. 
There was a way to do it. 
The only way for them to kill Rei’s spirit was to pull him out of Lou’s body and before it could latch onto someone else, they needed to destroy it, or else, they would only hurt the host. 
"Can you do it right away if I can pull Rei’s spirit out of Lou?" Cane asked Iris. 
"Yes." She only needed to get a hold of the spirit and purified it. After all, the spirit was made by black magic. 
"Let me handle this and stay back." 
"What are you going to do?" Iris held Cane’s hand before he could approach Lou. 
"See the cue and once you saw the opportunity, don’t hesitate and destroy the spirit right away, understood?" 
Iris frowned, she didn’t like the sound of it. "You are not going to do something reckless, right? You are not going to hurt yourself, right?" 
"You don’t need to worry, I know what I am doing," Cane reassured her and then went ahead to face Lou head on. 
The alpha gave an instruction to Cedric, Cezi and Zale to back off and kill Liam. 
However, the thing with Liam didn’t look easy. Abby decided to protect him and now, Jace and Redmond were having a hard time to get to the knight without harming her. 
"No! Wait!" Cedric stood in front of Redmond when he saw the warrior didn’t have enough patient for this and would attack Liam anyway. 
Hell, Redmond didn’t care if he hurt Abby, it was her fault for standing on his way, but Cedric actually used barrier to protect Abby and Liam. 
"There must be a way!" Cedric said hastily. "Stop for a while!" 
"How can you ask to stop when he literally wanted to kill us?!" Ethan roared angrily at Cedric. "What is this? Are we going back to the part where the shifters fighting against the people from Holy Kingdom again?! This is ridiculous!" 
But this time, Iris was the one, who made a move.
###Chapter 979: THE FINAL BATTLE (45)
Chapter 979: THE FINAL BATTLE (45)
Iris had enough, she knew where Abby and Cedric came from, because she would stand against the world for Cane if she were on her shoes. 
But unfortunately, Iris was not Abby and she had her own situation and responsibility, she had people that she needed to protect too. 
Iris could understand what Abby felt, but they walked in different path. 
"Move!" Iris snapped at Cedric. Even though the warrior tried to protect Abby and Liam, he was still her protector and just like when she called for them to prevent calamity from happening, they needed to answer to her. 
Only her. 
Therefore, when Iris ordered him to move away, Cedric couldn’t deny the direct order, he moved aside and Abby was ready to take Iris, even though she knew her power was not on par with the luna. 
However, Iris’s aim was not her. Her aim was obvious. It was Liam, who stood behind Abby. 
Iris canceled Abby’s magic, even before she could use it and knocked her to the side to deal with Liam directly, her eyes filled with aloofness. 
"No! Please! Don’t!" Abby begged Iris not to kill Liam. She knew Iris would be able to do so. "No! Please! Please!" 
Liam had not yet met their baby. He had not yet met their first child. They had not yet said goodbye. Abby didn’t even remember what the last thing she said to him. 
She was in so much pain at that time and Liam went away to look for Grace, to find someone to help her, but he had never returned. 
Liam had never returned. 
Even now, the man in front of her was not him. 
Abby had lost him forever, but she still couldn’t bring herself to see him being killed right before her eyes. How she could muster the courage to watch the father of her child being killed and vanished? 
Abby jumped in front of Iris and this forced her to stop her attack. 
"Move away, Abby," Iris said coldly, unfortunately, she couldn’t order her like she did to her protectors. 
"No..." Abby whimpered. 
However, she gasped in shock when Liam’s blade pierced through her left shoulder. Iris immediately used her black wisp to separate Abby from Liam’s blade and caught her body, while her three protectors immediately got to Liam. 
Jace and Ethan stood by her side. 
Thankfully, Liam stabbed her on the shoulder and despite the injury looked a little bit scary, but actually it was not life threatening. Iris could heal it just fine, but there was one thing that she couldn’t heal. 
Probably there was nothing that could heal Abby from the sight that she was seeing right now. 
Abby watched how Zale took the lead with Cedric and Cezi pinned down Liam, his sword had been thrown away, being cut off along with his right arm. 
The three of them killed Liam by using divine power. His undying body was being purged. 
Under the moonlight, the lifeless expression on his face disappeared, blown away by the wind in this Lucentsand desert. His body turned into ashes and faded away. 
Liam was gone. He was really gone now. There was no saving him. His soul had been destroyed by Rei, tainted and there was nothing they could do to get him back.
But his spirit... 
For a moment, the silence was deafening, as if the time stopped. No. It was Abby’s world that had stopped. She felt like she wanted to disappear too. 
However, Iris’s voice interrupted the quietness in her mind. 
"Don’t cry, Abby. I am glad you kept the baby. Bielle is a beautiful name. Don’t wait for me this time." Iris shifted her attention to Abby now. "That’s what Liam said." 
Iris saw Liam’s spirit for the last moment. The spirit was very weak, he could only say that much before he disappeared. Completely disappeared. 
The only proof or Liam’s existence was Bielle and the people, who would remember him. 
Abby cried so hard when she heard that. She felt her heart was being ripped apart. She wept the lost of the man she loved the most. 
The only future she could see was so dark, cold and dreary. She was defeated. 
Cedric sat on the sand, he stared at the empty space, where Liam’s body supposed to be laying down, but all he could see was the sand. 
He couldn’t bring himself to comfort Abby, because there was no amount of word that could get through to her. 
He couldn’t bring himself to stand up, because it was too heavy, the weight of the knowledge of killing your best friend weighed him down. 
No matter how eloquent you put it and how you justified his action, the fact was there. He killed Liam. He helped Cezi and Zale to kill Liam. He would live with that. 
Iris couldn’t offer anything to Abby and she had someone to protect too. She stood up and approached Cane, who engulfed Lou’s body with the black wisp, neutralized the magic from him. 
The alpha was trying to pull out Rei’s spirit from Lou, just like how they tried to extract Lu from inside him. 
It happened more than once and Cane learned fast about it, now he was the one, who did that. 
Their position was the same now, Lou had Rei’s spirit inside him, while Cane had Lu. It almost like the fight between Rei and Lu instead. The lycan was really brutal, but Rei was not someone that you could underestimate. 
It had gone for too long and Lou was close to reach his limit, he was going to give in soon, if Lu didn’t get Rei’s spirit immediately. 
"Iris, be ready," Cane said when Iris stood next to him. The black wisp that emerged from his body was massive. 
Iris remembered how Cane explained that the black wisp was actually part of Lu’s spirit. She remembered how ridiculous it was when they learned the black wisp that suddenly emanated from Cane was because Lu wanted Iris to be close, that was why it was only her, who could make it disappear. 
It was so silly, but one day... Iris would remember this story as a fond memory... 
The black wisp was very thick, it almost looked like smoke, while slowly, you could see the red light that oozed out Lou’s body, as the merchant let out the shrill scream that could make you stopped breathing, as if you could feel his pain. 
The black wisp tangled against the red light, it engulfed it, so it wouldn’t escape. The black wisp looked like it sucked the red light out of Lou’s body and wrapped it tightly. 
"IRIS! NOW!" Cane said. 
"Oh, no..." Iris looked at Cane with horror in her eyes. "No..." she shook her head. 
"NOW, IRIS!" 
This was her only chance to destroy Rei, Decratic forever... but, it also meant, she had to destroy Lu as well... 
It was the black wisp that restrained Rei’s spirit. This was the lycan’s final task... 
"IRIS!" Cane snapped. 
Tears streamed down Iris’s cheeks when she closed her eyes, her divine power thrummed in her veins and now she had to do the right thing...
###Chapter 980: IT’S OVER
Chapter 980: IT’S OVER
Because Rei was a spirit, the only thing that could fight against it was the same entity. The entity that held the same power and strength like him and it was Lu. 
This very moment was the very reason why Lu was there with them. 
Cane knew that the lycan was their only way out to win against Rei and he knew what the sacrifice that was required for that to happen. 
Right now, Lu’s spirit handled Rei’s and the lycan had completely out of Cane’s body, as the alpha dropped to his knees. 
He didn’t feel any pain, but he felt like there was something missing, as if he lost an arm or leg. This was not a comfortable feeling. 
Right now, above them, the black wisp hovered above them, covered the night sky. There was this streak of red light, occasionally that you could see. 
But then, there was this white light that came from Iris. She closed her eyes and concentrated deeply. She had only one chance and she couldn’t waver. 
In order to destroy Rei, she was going to destroy Lu as well. 
The thought of it made her heart gripped with sadness. She liked the lycan. She knew how much the lycan loved Na and this was what he had been waiting for. 
Lu had been waiting for the moment, where he could come to his Na and by ending this, she would do him a favor. 
However, it couldn’t compensate the sadness that Iris felt. 
Iris remembered the moment that she had with the lycan and all of his antics. She was sad that she didn’t treat him well, thinking he was part of Cane and he would be there forever with them. 
Was it a goodbye? 
She hoped, she would have a chance to treat him better. Telling him the story about the little girl and the monster. Telling him how much she appreciated his help and presence. 
Iris didn’t think she had treated the lycan nicely, thanking him for everything he had done for them, for her... 
And now, when Iris opened her eyes, she watched as her bright light swallowed the black wisp, in extent was the red light. Iris purified the spirit of the lycan and Rei. 
The power that she let out was astounding, all the people had to cover their eyes because the light was too blinding and it felt like they were in the middle of summer afternoon. The light was warm and gentle and it calmed them down. 
The blazing light lasted for around five minutes before finally it dimmed and they could open their eyes to see this quiet desert again. 
The black wisp, the blinding light and the red light had dispersed, it had disappeared, left them in the dark again. 
The night was long, but it would end soon and the only that was left was the ten people in the desert of Lucentsand... 
Everything was over. 
Iris was spent, she felt her body ached, but her heart hurt even more. She didn’t even know how to mourn the lycan. 
Lu was gone... 
He had gone. 
Iris looked around, she hoped she could see Lu again just like how she saw Cedric’s spirit, even if it was only for a few second. She wanted to thank the lycan... 
However, she couldn’t see anything. There was only sand and the horizon looked so far, while this quietness was deafening. 
Iris bit her lip, she immediately stood up and approached Cane. The alpha looked a little bit pale, he was breathing raggedly. 
His condition was understandable because the lycan just left him. This feeling was not as worse as when they tried to extract the lycan out of him forcefully, but still, there was this void that he couldn’t explain. 
"Are you, okay?" Iris asked worriedly. 
Meanwhile, Cezi and Zale checked on Lou, while Cedric approached Abby. Jace and Ethan went to see the alpha and the luna. 
They couldn’t believe it was finally over. After so many deaths, it was finally over. 
"Abby..." Cedric called her name, he looked concern. "You need to stand up," he said. 
They needed to check on Lou. It was only the merchant, who could create the portal and bring them back to Crystal Moon pack, without him, it would take more than a week for them to return. 
However, Lou was in a very critical state. Iris and Abby took care of him. There was no one talking for hours, they didn’t even talk what just happened. 
"We need to move now." Cane finally broke the silence. "The sun almost up." 
This desert would be dangerous. 
Ethan shifted into his beast and Redmond helped Jace to put Lou on the beast’s back. His condition was still not stable, but it was not life threatening. He would be fine. 
"He is really stubborn," Redmond mumbled to himself. "He refused death countless times." 
Rei and Decratic were no more and it left them with unthinkable damage that one had never imagined. 
But, more importantly, the poisonous miasma was still a problem. Letto was the last pillar now. Unless they could find a way to help him, they had to kill him to put end to this madness. Letto would be the last. 
Cane wrapped his arm around Iris’s waist and she leaned her head against him, as they walked away from this desert. Tears kept flowing down Iris’s cheeks, as she asked Cane in small voice. 
"Cane... the lycan..." Her voice was trembling. "Haco said..." 
Iris remembered what Haco said. Never let go of the lycan. It would be dangerous for Cane if the lycan was extracted from his body. 
What would happen to Cane now? 
Iris felt like she wanted to curl herself into a ball and cry. She was tired. She wanted all this bad thing to stop hunting them down. 
"The lycan only with me for a few years. The effect will not as severe as Haco’s." Cane reassured her. The lycan was with Haco for fifty years, which made Haco’s life force intertwined with one another. 
Iris flinched when she heard that. She remembered Haco’s last moment and how his condition was. Her grip on Cane’s arm tightened. 
Would he forget about her? Would he forget about their sons too? How long it would take for Cane to reach that point? 
It took Haco a year, what about Cane? How long he had? 
When all of them were deep in thought, as they walked away from Lucentsand Desert and reached Moon Dew pack, suddenly in front of them a portal appeared and from inside, it was Aliana, Will, Aderan and Elder Dandolf. 
However, behind them was Letto. The young man looked terrified, but there was this determination in his eyes. 
"I will explain about this later, but you need to listen to me first," Aliana said hastily, as she explained the situation in Crystal Moon pack. 
Apparently, a few hours after they left, there was this crack that appeared close to the pack, which let out poisonous miasma. 
"I- I am ready..." Letto said. He walked forward. "I am ready." He had been explained about what had been done to him and he understood.
###Chapter 981: I CAN SAVE HIM
Chapter 981: I CAN SAVE HIM
The moment Aliana saw the poisonous miasma that appeared close to the pack, she knew immediately there was only one way to stop it. She was well aware of the existence of the pillars and that Letto was one of it. 
She felt bad for the young man, because not like the other evil people around him, he was actually very nice with the girls that they saved from Kellan’s hand and the only man that the girls trusted was him. 
Aliana came to Letto and tell him about the appearance of poisonous miasma, he knew what his fate was and when it was hard for Aliana to ask for his sacrifice, Letto took the first initiative. 
’W- we need to get to luna Iris quickly, right?’ 
That was what he said. 
Knowing Elder Dandolf could create a portal, Aliana got him to agree to take them to see Iris and the other. 
Therefore, here they were. They had walked out of the Lucentsand desert area, above them the sky was already so bright and the wind was rather warm. 
"I- I am ready," Letto said, his voice was trembling a little bit when he spoke, but the determination in his eyes was not wavering. 
Iris felt her heart ached to see this. There were so many deaths already... 
"Let’s go back to the pack first," Iris said, There must be another way. The last thing she wanted was to have another life taken by her own hands. 
However, Cane could see through her and he knew what she intended to do, thus he reminded her gently. "There is no other way out of this." 
From the last knowledge Cane got from Lu, the poisonous miasma would disappear once all the pillar had been destroyed and now, Letto was the last pillar. 
"No. There must be another way out," Iris said, she was being stubborn. "Let’s go back first." 
Elder Dandolf didn’t talk much, as he created a portal to bring them back. He realized that Rei had gone. These people managed to kill him. His immortality couldn’t save him from the true Serafim’s power. 
It was very ironic to think Rei was the one, who had this undying faith that he was going to find the true Serafim. To find his Na, but in the end, he was killed by her. 
Elder Dandolf had been following Rei ever since he was little. He looked up to him, but now he was gone, the pure faction lost their foundation. More so, he didn’t think they would give him an easy way out, if there was any at all. 
Once they arrived at the pack, Iris could see the red smoke in the distance. 
"Can I be saved, luna?" Letto asked, he had this blank expression on his face to see the red smoke. He was scared. Who didn’t scare to their impending death? This young man was not an exception either. "Can you save me, luna?" 
Iris’s heart was bleeding when she heard that. 
Was there a way to save him? If there was, how? How she could save him? There was no time. Iris was too spent to purify the massive red smoke, so did her other protectors. 
"No," Cane said curtly. "There is no way to save you." He could see it in Iris’s eyes. She was thorn and devastated. She couldn’t bring herself to tell him about this, thus Cane took the matter into his own hand and shattered Letto’s hope before it would hurt him even more. 
The alpha had tasted the first hand of how hope could destroy you more than the destruction itself. 
Letto opened his mouth, but there was no voice that came out of him. He looked at Iris and then Cane and then the rest of them. In the end, he nodded. Surrendered to his fate... 
"I- I understand..." 
Iris bit her lips, she felt very helpless. She was tired and wanted all of this to end. She wanted all of this suffering to end completely, so all of them could rest and grief properly... 
"I – I am sorry, I am really sorry..." Iris tried to hold back her tears, but she couldn’t. Thankfully, her mate was there to keep her from falling apart. 
Abby didn’t know Letto, but her heart ached for him. She wanted to help, but she didn’t even know what to do. 
And now, there was only Iris’s cry and apology that filled the air. It was so heavy, their hearts were very heavy with a lot of emotions that they had to unpack. 
Iris was very emotional right now, she kept apologizing to Letto because she couldn’t save him and even though Letto said that he forgave her and asked her to stop crying, she couldn’t... 
It took Iris some time to calm down and when she did, there was this deep guilty in her eyes. 
"I am sorry, Letto. I am sorry." 
"It’s okay, luna. I know that you have tried your best." Letto smiled. 
Hearing that, Iris’s felt her broken heart fell into pieces again. This guilty feeling coursed through her veins when she reached to him to hug him and apologize again. 
"Will it be painful?" Letto asked, he was only slightly taller than Iris, his skinny body made him looked like a few years younger than his actual age. "Can you make it less painful?" 
Iris nodded, she closed her eyes, as tears streamed down her face. She hugged him tightly when this light exuded from her body. 
"Oh, this is warm..." Letto said before his body engulfed within this light and his existence vanished into thin air. 
And now, Iris was hugging an empty space. She fell down and broke down crying so hard. Her emotions were all over the place. She witnessed so many deaths already and Letto’s death gave her the final blow, shattered her. 
Iris must have fainted at some point, as she cried because when she opened her eyes, she was on the bed, while Cane was staring at her with worried in his eyes. 
"Iris?" Cane stretched out his hand to caress her cheek. "I will call the healer." They managed to find one among the people. 
But, Iris held Cane’s hand tightly and started crying again. "I kill him, Cane..." she said between her whimper. 
"No, you didn’t." Cane kissed her forehead. He didn’t want her to blame herself for something that was out of her hand. "You are not the one, who killed him. Rei and Decratic did it." 
Iris pressed his hand against her face, as she cried again. She couldn’t hold it any longer. She needed to confess. 
"No, Cane... you don’t understand..." Iris’s voice was very coarse, every time she spoke, she felt like she was eating sand, but the pain made her felt a little bit better, because it felt like a punishment for her, which she thought, she deserved it. "I can save him, Cane... I can save him, but I chose not to." 
Cane furrowed his brows. "You can’t save him. Lu said..." 
Iris shook her head. "I can save him. There is a way to save him, but I didn’t do it." 
"But, why?"
###Chapter 982: TRYING TO HEAL
Chapter 982: TRYING TO HEAL
Knowing Iris, Cane was sure, she would do anything, everything to save Letto but the fact that she didn’t do it made the alpha was even more concern at her. 
There must be a more important reason about why she didn’t do it and seeing her feeling so much guilt pained Cane. He lifted her body and cradled her. He didn’t question his mate again, because right now Iris was too devastated to answer any question. 
Like usual, Cane waited until she calmed down, he let her to take her own time to understand her feeling, but he also made sure that she knew he was there with her. 
After an hour had passed, finally Iris was calm down enough to stop crying, but it didn’t mean she would immediately speak. 
Aliana came to deliver her meal and she saw Iris’s current condition, but knowing the alpha was there with her, she didn’t say anything and immediately left the room. 
Iris only asked once about their babies and after Cane reassured her that the two of them were well taken care of and surrounded by their people, Iris simply nodded and rested her head against his chest again. She clutched onto him, as if she was afraid Cane would vanish all of sudden. 
"I can save him, Cane. I could have saved him..." Iris finally spoke after they stayed in this silence for hours. "I can use the air magic stone to save him, but I couldn’t use it." 
"Why?" 
"Because I need to use it on you." 
Not like the other magic stone, air magic stone was only one in this entire realm, once it’s gone, it would be forever gone. 
Therefore, if Iris used it to save Letto, she had to sacrifice Cane. No. Called her cruel and every bad name on the book, but she would rather to have someone else’s died rather than Cane. 
Iris would rather kill a hundred people than to see Cane suffered. 
Called her insane and selfish, but she was not going to lose Cane no matter what. 
"For what?" Cane still couldn’t understand. His lack of knowledge about magic started to annoy him now. 
"Lu was extracted from you," Iris said. "...Haco, in his last days..." She felt her throat tightened, she couldn’t continue. She didn’t want to imagine if Cane had to go through the same thing like Haco. She didn’t even want to think of it. 
And Iris didn’t need to explain her point, because Cane completely understood what she was going to say. 
"You are not going to lose me, Iris. Haco and I were different." 
Iris shook her head. "I am not taking the risk, Cane." She was not going to take the risk, she was going to do everything in her power to prevent that from happening, not even a tiny bit chance was allowed for that to happen. 
Yes, Haco and Cane were different. 
Haco was a magic user and Lu had been with him for more than five decades, but while Cane was a shifter and Lu had only been with him for three years, Haco had never integrated with Lu in the deeper level like Cane did. 
Cane literally used his power and every knowledge and memories the lycan had. Cane and Lu was only a step away from being fused together like what happened between Iris and Na. 
Iris wouldn’t believe if there was completely no side effect from that. She was really not going to take the risk of losing her mate. 
After all they had gone through together, it was not fair if she had to lose him in this way. 
However, the fact that she had to do what she had done to Letto, racked her with guilt and her conscience couldn’t take it. 
"That’s not your fault, Iris." Cane hugged her tightly, squeezed her body when she started to cry again. "That’s not your fault." 
Cane didn’t want Iris to feel guilty, but he knew, in the long run, if something really happened to him and Iris could have done something to prevent it, she wouldn’t be able to live with the guilt and he wouldn’t be there to reassure her that she didn’t do anything wrong. 
"Thank you." Cane kissed the top of her head and squeezed her body gently. "I am sorry." 
He thanked her for all the sacrifice she had done for him and apologized for all the pain he caused her. He wished, he could help to alleviate some of her pain. 
Only after a week, Iris could finally feel a little bit better and got out of the bedroom. 
All this time, Iris would spend her time sleeping. She didn’t see her babies often and because of her current state, she couldn’t continue to breastfeed her babies, because she couldn’t produce enough milk for the twin. 
This fact, devastated Iris and she spiraled one day. She was crying non stop when Zander cried when Iris carried him, the baby might feel his mother’s whirlwind emotions and this made him uncomfortable. 
Iris was depressed and Cane was there to be with him. 
But thankfully, it didn’t last for long, a week later Iris walked out of her bedroom and looked for her sons after two days straight she didn’t see them. 
The babies were with their wet nurses, they were being breastfed when Iris walked in and as if they could sense her scent, Zander and Zenith wriggled their bodies and stopped eating, as they stretched out their little arms toward Iris. They wanted to touch their mother. 
This sight warmed Iris’s heart. She approached her babies and hugged them both, apologized for neglecting them. 
Aside from Cane, Hanna and Aliana played a big role for her recovery. Physically, Iris was fine, but it was her mental that took a toll on her. 
Only after two weeks later Iris could breastfeed her sons again, which meant, she didn’t need the wet nurses for her babies, this made her really happy. She looked much calm and slowly became herself again. 
"Cane, you can tell me what is going on..." Iris said softly one night after she put her babies to bed. They were only less than two months and Iris loved them so much. She could see their wolf spirit curled their bodies near their cribs. "I am sorry, I left you alone again when I said we will face everything together." 
"There is nothing to be sorry," Cane said. He pulled Iris to sit on his lap and hand her a few important reports and explained a few things to her, to keep her on the loop again about what was going on. "Don’t move so much," Cane groaned. 
"Hm?" Iris turned her head and looked at her mate, but then she realized that she accidentally turned him on. She could feel how hard he was and this made her chuckled, she intentionally grinded against him. 
"Iris," Cane called her name dangerously, while his mate nibbled on his chin, as a payback, Cane squeezed her breast and kissed her roughly. 
However, before the situation could get further, they heard their baby cried. Iris and Cane immediately stopped. 
"That must be Zander." He recognized his
###Chapter 983: A SOLEMN NIGHT
Chapter 983: A SOLEMN NIGHT
The aftermath of everything was very devastated. It could be said that they lost seventy percent of the population of the shifters. It was a massive lost for them and dangerous period of time if another continent tried to invade their land. 
Even more when they didn’t have a king, a leader to guide them through this whole ordeal, therefore a new reign had to be built immediately. 
And at time like this, it went without question that Cane and Iris were the only people that suit the role. There was no discussion or debate about it. They acknowledged them naturally. 
Cane was a royal family to begin with, he had royal bloodline that one couldn’t dispute. During all this time, he had proved himself that the role as the sovereign was something that he was born with. 
Meanwhile, Iris was a perfect mate for him, a queen with a strong magic ability, someone that you couldn’t take lightly. 
There was no one couldn’t deny the two of them to take the throne. In the people’s hearts, Cane and Iris were their true leaders, their king and queen. 
Not to mention the birth of twins, there was no need to doubt the continuity of the royal bloodline. 
However, Cane and Iris agreed to hold back the ceremony for a while, until everything was settled, but not too long, because it was not a good idea too to let the throne vacant for that long. They had to move quickly before there was an invasion from another kingdom and caused them more trouble than necessary. 
Because their population dwindled drastically, the safety of their continent was at risk. This was a critical moment, where they had to tread their steps carefully. 
"A month for now will be a perfect time for the ceremony," Cane said to Jace. 
They planned to move the capital city to Howling Wolf pack, so the capital city would be in the south now, since Howling Wolf pack and Blue Moon pack were the packs that had less impact from the war, they would merge the two packs and called it the capital city. 
They wouldn’t build the black market anymore and instead made Crystal Moon pack as the central of business, they had the harbor that would make transportation easier for the people from different continent. 
Black market was synonymous with something illegal and Cane didn’t want to give a platform for the dirty deal. 
Lou didn’t agree with that though. 
"You will not build the black market anymore?!" Lou wailed. "Where the fun of it!?" He looked very healthy now, too healthy for Cane liking, since this merchant tended to be very noisy. 
Sometime, the alpha tempted to put him into a bedrest again. 
However, when Iris said she didn’t like the black market and told him that she met Rei for the first time in the black market and that gave her a bad memory, the merchant changed his tune completely. 
"Yes, you shouldn’t start your reign with something bad. You have to lead with your conscience." Said someone, who two minutes ago wailed his disagreement. 
"I should have left you in Lucentsand desert so the sun will burn your brain," Ethan commented. 
Iris chuckled, there was the familiarity in the way they bickered with each other and somehow, this brought comfort to her. 
Yes, they lost so many people. There were so many tears and blood that they had shed, so many heartbreaks that they had to endure, pain and agony that accompanied their journey. 
But at the same time, you had to appreciate the people, who stayed with you, who was still with you until now, the people that saw the light in the end of their dark tunnel, and be grateful for that. 
There was still hope for a better future... 
"The preparation is ready, we need to leave now." Aliana entered the room and informed them. Her voice was somber and carried the heaviness of how sorrowful this matter was. 
In an instant, the room fell quiet. Lou and Ethan stopped bickering. Their faces turned solemn. 
Tonight, they would hold a funeral and a memorial for those who lost their lives during the war and the catastrophe that followed. 
There were so many lives lost, they couldn’t count it. They couldn’t even find the body of their love one, almost all of them. 
Their graves would be empty with only their name on its gravestone. 
Grace, Amee, Eron, Dyne, Otis and many more, the list could go on for days. 
Tonight, they would allow themselves to grieve, mourning the people that should be here with them and watched the new era of the shifters under the new sovereign, unfortunately, they didn’t make it to the end of the tunnel and had to be left behind. 
Iris was holding Zenith, while Cane held Zander, together they led the people to the shore, drifting small rafts filled with luminous pearls into the sea, this symbolized the souls who had left this realm and hopefully the light from the luminous pearls would take them to a better place. 
Zander looked around him curiously, while Zenith was sleeping peacefully in his mother’s arms. 
The night was very quiet and it coincided with new moon, as the light shone brightly in the night sky. 
This would be the first new moon for Cane to be in his human form and was not forced into the lycan form. 
However, it would be a lie, if they said they didn’t miss the cursed creature. The lycan was not a pure joy to be around, but they had gotten used to his antics every now and then and didn’t mind it. 
With him gone, it left an irreplaceable void in Cane and Iris’ heart. 
Iris missed him already. She didn’t even have a chance to say anything or even thank him for what he had done for them. 
Iris leaned her head against Cane’s arms, as they watched the rafts drifted away to the sea, while the gentle moonlight brightened their gloomy night. 
So long my friends... 
============================= 
The preparation was done and tomorrow, they would head to Howling Wolf pack. The news about the coronation had spread and there was only positive reaction from all the people. 
At time like this, they needed something for them to look forward and the coronation ceremony was a huge and an important event, a history for their kind. 
Especially when their future king and queen of this kingdom were the two people that they held dear in their hearts. 
Everyone was excited and this could give them a little bit solace for their grief. 
"Luna Iris, the Serafim wants to see you," Zephyr informed Iris from behind the door. 
Abby felt a little bit off with the title, but she didn’t correct it. In people’s eyes, she was still the Serafim, but the name had less value now. 
Iris let Abby to enter the room. She just finished breastfed Zenith and now Zander woke up and wanted her attention. She was currently alone with the babies. 
After some pleasantries, Abby finally told Iris her intention for this visit. 
"I decided to go back to Andelus continent," Abby said.
###Chapter 984: RETURN TO HOWLING WOLF PACK
Chapter 984: RETURN TO HOWLING WOLF PACK
Regarding the problem with the Elders, the three of them would be sent back to Andelus continent after two years, during that time, they would be their ’guests’ here. 
This timeline would prevent them to mass their power and followers, it would weaken their influence too, but they couldn’t outright kill them, since it would incur the wrath of the Holy Kingdom people and they were at the position, where they couldn’t afford another battle. 
This was the safest way to move forward, at least for now. 
As for Abby, originally she decided not to go back to Andel Continent, but if she changed her mind, she would return along with the elders after two years. 
But, now she said she was going to go back. This made Iris frowned. Her mind started to think what she was up to, but Abby smiled to see her guarded expression. 
"I don’t have any hidden agenda, luna," Abby said. "I think about this carefully until I come to this decision." 
Iris held Zander close to her, while the baby made noises and played with her curls. He would laugh if her hair tickled his small face and kicked his legs happily. 
"He is a happy baby," Abby stated. Her eyes softened when she saw Zander glanced at her and laughed. They were supposed to be a family, as they were blood related, but they didn’t feel like one, yet it was fine. 
"Yes, he is," Iris replied, she caressed Zander’s ruddy cheek and couldn’t be more grateful that after everything, her babies were very healthy. Them being shifter was a great factor for that. "And what the reason behind it?" 
Abby explained to Iris that she was going back to take care of the Holy Kingdom, now without the influence of the Elders and Rei, as the Serafim, she should be able to get a sense of control on everything. 
"I can assure you that Holy Kingdom under my control will never turn its back against you. It will be a great help for you too." Abby stretched out her hand and let Zander wrapped his little fingers around her forefinger, as a smile curved on her lips. "I know it will be hard for you to trust me, especially with the way I acted since the first time we met, but if you wanted to think about this carefully, you will see that it will be the best option." 
Two years was a long time for a kingdom as big as the Holy Kingdom to go without any leader in charge, at some point, there would be someone, who took the charge and inserted themselves in the role of the leader. 
It would be dangerous, since they didn’t know who that person would be, thus Abby took this chance to establish her own power within the kingdom, after all, this was what she was born for. She lived her life as the Serafim, she was taught for this. 
Because Iris didn’t want the position, Abby was still the Serafim, since her annulment had never happened. 
"I didn’t mean I will go right away, I still want to see your coronation," Abby said softly. Probably she would leave a month or two after the coronation, unless Iris could give her a better solution about how to handle the power struggle within the Holy Kingdom. 
"Let me think about this." 
Of course, Iris wouldn’t take any decision without talking to Cane first and Abby knew about that. More so, there was a problem regarding Cedric too. He was Abby’s personal knight, but he was also Iris’s true protector. 
There would be a discussion about that as well. 
The next day there was this large entourage toward the Howling Wolf pack. A big, spacious carriage had been made for Iris and the babies, so they would be comfortable during this journey. 
It was sad that the carriage with Haco’s spell had been destroyed, since it held valuable memories for Iris and Cane. 
During this journey, Aliana and Hanna used to stay with Iris inside the carriage to help with the babies, while Cane would be outside with the warriors and the people that helped him with his plan. 
Iris didn’t get involved too much with the affair, but Cane would update her about what he was going to do and occasionally, Iris would give him her input. 
This was a nice journey. 
Aside from the spacious carriage that Iris had, Abby and her baby, also the Sofia and her babies stayed in their respective carriages. 
"What with long face?" Redmond was playing with Rye, while Lucia crawled on his lap. The two of them started talking and it made him happy when they started to call him with ’Dada’. 
"I preferred to stay in Crystal Moon pack," Sofia said. Howling Wolf pack brought a lot of bad memories. She felt fidgeting and anxious the closer they got to the pack. 
She remembered how she acted and how the people looked at her after it revealed that Rye was not the alpha’s son. She was afraid her son wouldn’t be welcomed and they would be mean to him. 
Sofia could endure it if it was her, who was being badmouthed, but what about her son? She didn’t want her son to know what she had done and people talked bad about him. 
He was going to grow up, at some point, he would know about what happened during the time he was born. 
"There is no one will do anything like that," Redmond said, he tickled Rye, as he laughed merrily and Lucia bit him. "You don’t need to worry about such thing. Tell me if there is someone pulled that crap." 
Hearing that, there was this small smile on the corner of Sofia’s lips. Redmond might not realize it, but his words warmed her heart and she felt protected. 
"What are you going to do if someone talked bad about me and our babies?" Sofia approached Redmond and picked Lucia up, stopped the little one from biting off Redmond’s arm. 
"I am going to cut their tongue and give it to the dog." 
"Redmond! You can’t say something like that in front of the children!" Sofia chided. 
"... Cut tangue! Cut their tangue!" Rye and Lucia chanted. 
"Ssh!" Redmond tried to stop their chant before Sofia killed him. 
It took them a week to reach Howling Wolf pack with this entourage and when they arrived, Carla had prepared a welcoming party for them. There would be a feast latter that night and right now, all the people were on the street, greeting their alpha and their luna, also the rest of the people, who came with them. 
People chanted their name and was in uproar to hear that Cane and Iris would be the king and queen of this continent. 
But, of course there was still someone, who was not happy with how thing progressed. Laluna held baby Vemion in her arms, as she stared at the commotion to welcome Cane and Iris. 
"This is not right. This is not what he promised." Laluna gritted her teeth, she didn’t have anyone, but she still had her baby and he was the rightful heir.
###Chapter 985: THE HEIR TO THE THRONE
Chapter 985: THE HEIR TO THE THRONE
Cane and Iris settled in the alpha’s bedroom, while the babies were in the luna’s bedroom. Carla remembered this setting when the two of them had their first twins and knew that this was how the alpha and the luna wanted it. 
Kaz and Maria had been forbidden from entering the pack house and they could only stare at the entourage along with the other pack member, while Carla, Grilla, Ezra and all the pack member, who lived in the pack house waited for them at the entrance of the house. 
Ezra immediately approached Iris, excited to see the babies, so did Lil Thing, because the lazy bear couldn’t see the little ones during their journey, as the babies stayed inside the carriage all the time. 
Cane helped Iris to get down of the carriage, while Hanna and Aliana held each of the babies, which made Ezra and Lil Thing pestered them. 
"Welcome back, alpha, luna..." Carla greeted them, she was beaming to see their return. Especially when she saw Ethan, who was having yet another argumentation with Redmond and Lou. 
After a long journey, all of them were in extreme need to take a rest, thus the festivity would be held later at night after they were fully rested. 
Carla reported a few things to Cane about the pack house and the preparation for their coronation, which would be held in two weeks from now. 
It was hasty, but within this time, Carla believed she would be able to pull something decent if they moved quick enough. 
Cane had said that the coronation didn’t need too lavish, because it would hurt the people, who were still grieving, instead of that, he wanted it to be more intimate and all the people could enjoy it. 
He left the detail to Carla and Grilla, since he had a lot of things to take care of. 
"In a few years later, when everything has stabled, I will give you the coronation that you wanted," Cane said to Iris, as he helped her to get undressed. 
They were alone in their bedroom and Iris looked exhausted, she couldn’t sleep last night because Zander was being fussy. 
"No. I don’t want another coronation. I will love to have this one and it is enough. I don’t want something lavish." Iris turned around and she helped Cane to undress as well. "You know that I don’t really like to be the center of attention." 
"What a pity," Cane said, kissing her lips. "You are always be the center of attention." 
Iris giggled. She knew the main focus for this coronation was to enforce the strength of the kingdom, to announce that this kingdom didn’t fall after the war and the throne was not vacant. So, those greedy eyes out there, who would love to devour them would think twice before they made a move. 
After all, you could only find magic stone in this continent and some of these stones was more expensive than diamond. It could cause unnecessary trouble for them if they didn’t immediately assert their dominance and sensed of control over the kingdom. 
Later that night, the festivity was very lively, Lou and Redmond drunk their mind, while Ethan kept pulling a prank on them, Cane didn’t drink much, but he had a discussion with Cezi, Jace and Derick. 
"I will get some rest, I will return to our room first." Iris couldn’t drink, because she was breastfeeding, more so she excused herself rather early. "It’s okay, stay here and enjoy the night." Iris stopped Cane when he was about to follow her back to their bedroom. 
However, before Iris could reach her bedroom, she saw a figure that she almost forgot. 
Laluna. 
She had this cold gaze when she walked toward her. At first, Iris wanted to ignore her, but there was no way she could do that when her eyes were dead focus on her. 
"Luna Iris, there is something I want to discuss with you, can I have a moment?" Her voice sounded polite, but Iris knew better not to believe their conversation would be civil. 
"You can stay here," Iris said to Zephyr and Kian, who attempted to follow her. 
The two warriors kept their distance. They were not too close to listen the conversation, but also not too far, just in case they were needed. They still could see the luna and Laluna walked toward the garden. 
"What do you want to talk about?" Iris asked straight to the main problem. She wanted to check on her children. 
"This is not what you promised me." Laluna was still holding onto her status as the princess, or to be precise the future queen mother of this kingdom. 
"What did I promise you?" 
Laluna still tried to keep her dignity intact, as she spoke with voice that trembled with anger. "How can you be so shameless to declare yourself as the queen of this kingdom when it is very clear that my son should be the next in line to the throne!?" 
Iris raised her brows. She said nothing and let her to finish her monologue. 
"My son has been named as the heir for the kingdom! Just because I have lost all of my family and support, you can bully me and my son!" Laluna was also upset because alpha Cane didn’t even come to give her an explanation about the coming coronation. "You and the alpha promised to help Vemion to get to the throne! Don’t you feel ashamed of yourself to snatch the birthright of my baby?" 
"Feeling ashamed of myself?" Iris’s expression didn’t change, but there was this callousness in her blue eyes. "Are you done with your nonsense?" 
"Are you going back at your words?" Laluna hissed. She couldn’t accept how they started the preparation for the coronation when it was not her son, who would sit on the throne. 
And then what? The capital city would be moved here? The south would be the new capital city? 
Laluna rambled about the whole thing that she had been holding back ever since she stayed in this pack. She couldn’t have the two main bedrooms and settled at the guest bedroom, no one really paid attention to her and what she and her baby got was only the bare minimum. 
"The bare minimum?" Iris was actually smiling with this question. "What actually did you expect during the war?" 
"I am the..." 
"...Queen Mother because your son was named heir by the previous king?" Iris finished her sentence, she felt oddly familiar with this antic. 
Oh, right. The people from the Holy Kingdom used to talk in this manner before. No wonder she felt this familiarity. 
"Are you mocking me?" Laluna narrowed her eyes. 
"Yes, I am." 
Iris’s answer caught Laluna off guard, she didn’t think the luna would be this petty. "My son has the royal blood!" 
"Do you think Cane doesn’t have it? Her mother is the true legitimate princess, the next in line for the throne." Iris reminded Laluna, she took a step closer toward her. She was not as tall as her, but somehow Laluna was on guard. She felt intimidated. "Stop this nagging, while I am being nice."
###Chapter 986: WAKE UP, YOU ARE DREAMING
Chapter 986: WAKE UP, YOU ARE DREAMING
"What is the basis of your claim?" Iris narrowed her eyes dangerously at her. She would be able to squeeze her wolf spirit, but she didn’t need to do that. "Because the previous king named him as an heir? That reason is very shallow, don’t you think?" 
Laluna didn’t answer that, she knew it was very shallow. 
"Do you really think you can make your baby as the king without any merit? Do you want to be the queen mother? Do you even know how to rule a kingdom?" 
Iris smiled at Laluna harmlessly. 
"Do you want to take the throne? Good luck with that. Let’s see whether the people will follow your lead." 
Iris was about to leave, but Laluna had not yet done. 
"Don’t you think that you are being too greedy? You wanted to get what is the birthright of my son." Laluna grabbed Iris’s hand to prevent her from leaving, but the luna swatted her hand, but she stayed to listen to her gibberish. 
"You better live silently and don’t make any noise, if you knew better for yourself and your baby," Iris finally spoke in the end of her rambling. 
"You showed your true self. How could this kingdom be led by greedy people like you two?!" Laluna felt like she was going to lose it. Without her son, she was nothing and even more when her son didn’t hold any title, then she was a mere member of the pack. 
She was glad that Koda died, but without any man to back her, she couldn’t do much and her son didn’t hold any real power. 
"Greedy?" Iris scoffed. "We lost thousand, no, hundred thousand of people during the war, more than half of this continent was being wiped out because of it." 
Iris gritted her teeth when she recalled all the name of the people that she lost. What kind of brutality that she and all the people had to endure. 
"While we were fighting out there with our lives on the line, you were here, complaining about what? Bedroom? While we were out there, thinking this would be the end of us, here you were, trying to find a way to put your baby on the throne to rule the kingdom that is on the verge of collapse. Do you even know how to feed the people, protect our land, make a plan and what is actually happening right now?" 
Iris clapped her hand sarcastically. 
"Wake up. You are dreaming, come back to reality. You don’t even qualify to be the head servant to take care a pack house. You don’t have any quality aside from complaining." Iris took a step closer toward Laluna, which made her to step back. 
Laluna had never seen Iris like this before. She was completely different from that timid woman she met the first time in the palace. She was not this harsh when they met the last time too. 
"You call me greedy to be the queen of this kingdom?" Iris took a step forward again, which made Laluna took another step back, she felt intimidated. "After all I have done and all the pain I have gone through, after all the people that I lost in order to kill the enemy... I deserve it. I deserve the title." 
Laluna swallowed so hard, she felt like she was a prey in front of the predator. 
"Call me greedy, but even you have to admit that I am a better leader than you." Iris was so angry because of how ignorant this woman was. The dead people during the war didn’t hold any significant value in her eyes. "If you were the one, who ruled this kingdom. Give it two months and there wouldn’t be a kingdom to be ruled." 
At this point, Laluna didn’t even want to have this argumentation with Iris anymore, she wanted her to stay away from her because she scared her. 
"Go out there, fight those monsters and protect the people, after that, you can call me greedy for wanting to be the queen. At the very least, if you didn’t have any common sense, you have a merit or two to claim the title." 
After saying that Iris left Laluna there. This time, she didn’t even dare to stop her because she wanted her to leave. She couldn’t breathe properly with her presence. 
"I don’t know what you were talking about with her, luna, but you looked so cool!" Joel said when Iris entered the luna’s bedroom. Apparently, he and Finn could see her and Laluna from where they were standing. 
Iris flashed him a smile before she entered the bedroom and found her babies were sleeping. Hanna was there, while Aliana had to take care of something. 
Finn and Joel were Zander and Zenith’s personal protectors, their status would be made it official in her and Cane’s coronation. 
"How are they?" Iris asked, she caressed Zander’s little hand. 
"As sweet as angels," Hanna said. 
"My sweet angels..." 
Over the next two weeks, Iris was busy with all the preparation for the ceremony, while Cane busy with the plan with what to do with this kingdom and how to ensure their safety. Cane and Iris distributed their responsibility really well. 
While Cane looked for their safety from the invasion of the other continent and the equitable development in all area, also overlooked all the rules and created new law, Iris would make sure all the people’s needs were fulfilled, at the very least, no one would go to bed hungry. The distribution of logistic between the last three packs ran smoothly thanked to Iris. 
Meanwhile, Joyce finally met with Annie, the girl was so happy to see her sister again, she introduced her to all her friend in the orphanage. 
Joyce did not know what happened to Annie during her time in the palace, but Annie didn’t seem like she was going to tell her, which was fine. 
But, Annie and the other children under Kellan’s abuse still had a hard time to clean up themselves, it still etched in their mind the belief that they shouldn’t look clean, or else they would attract unwanted attention. 
But with time, they would slowly heal from that trauma...
On the tenth night, four days before the coronation, Iris and Cane were having light conversation about their day on their bed, while Zander and Zenith were laying down between them too. 
Zander kept interrupting their conversation, while making baby noise, while Zenith was happy enough to play with Iris’s curls. 
"Yes, I think it’s a good idea what Lou said," Iris voiced out her opinion. 
"Ah- goo...." Zander made noises. 
"That’s not bad." Cane nodded. 
"Haa- fuuu... Hamh- ma... hma..." 
And when they stared at him, it surprised them both when Zander moved his little body, trying to roll over, but got stuck and then cried. 
Cane helped him and put him on his stomach, as he kicked his legs and swatted his arms excitedly. He lifted his head for a while and babbling. 
It was so fascinating of how little thing like this could warm your heart and made all the pain and tired day became worth it.
###Chapter 987: THE CEREMONY
Chapter 987: THE CEREMONY
Because the actual crowns for the king and the queen had been destroyed during the war and there was nothing left from that period of time, the era of the previous king had been wiped out completely. 
In this case, it meant, Cane would make a new history with his own legacy. 
"In a way, I think it’s great that the whole palace has been wiped out," Lou said, he stared at the babies on their cribs, as they were sleeping. "You can build everything from the beginning." 
"Yes, I think there is something that you can be grateful for even in the worse time," Iris replied. "But, why are you here?" 
"You need to go out!" Aliana growled at Lou, but the merchant put a barrier around him, so no one would be able to chase him out. The peak of being a magic user. 
"I will tell the alpha if you didn’t go out right away," Hanna threatened him. 
"Sir Lou, you shouldn’t be here," Della chimed in. 
Currently, Iris was in the middle of her preparation for the coronation that would happen in three hours from now. 
Iris was wearing a beautiful golden dress that made the color of her hair stood up, this dress was made in hurry with the material that they could find, but it turned out this was very beautiful and it fit her perfectly. 
The dress fell beautifully on her body, its long sleeves covered her arms with little detail and intricacy. The crown was made of gold as well, it was simple, but it served its purposed. Iris and Cane had seen the crown, which they agreed that it was the best, they could modify it later on. 
"Can you stop chasing me away? All of you are being so mean," Lou said with a frown. He picked one baby up when he saw he was awake. 
"Put him down, Lou, you don’t know how to carry a baby," Aliana said sternly. She literally glared at the merchant from behind the barrier. 
"Oh, please. I know how to carry a baby, I have done it before." The baby that he held was Zenith, he was awake when he heard his voice and pursed his lips when Lou hugged him in his arms. This unfamiliar scent made him wriggled his little body. 
"No, you don’t. Can’t you see, you make Zenith uncomfortable." Aliana pointed at the baby. 
"I am her protector, it’s only right for me to be here." Lou nudged Zenith’s chubby cheek. 
"Why are you here?" Iris finally asked, she turned around to face him, while still sitting in front of her dressing table, while Hanna and Della took a good care of her hair, so they would be able to put the crown easily on her. 
"I came to give my blessing to you." Lou grinned. "I have a gift for you." 
"What is it?" Iris furrowed her brows. He could give the gift later. 
The merchant just randomly appeared in this bedroom with the portal, it seemed, Cane needed to limit the magic stone that was given on him, so he wouldn’t pull this trick again. 
"Put this on your crown, so it will look more pretty," Lou said, he threw something toward Aliana and when she saw, it was a big blue diamond, as big as your thumb. "Where is your crown? I will put it on it." 
Aliana almost felt like she was going to have a heart attack when Lou held the baby with only one arm. 
"Give me back the baby!" Aliana was frustrated, she couldn’t do anything to this merchant because he was holding Zenith. 
"Don’t be too noisy, he is having fun with me." 
Thankfully, it was Zenith, because if it was Zander that Lou picked, the baby must have cried out loud and made a fuss, while Zenith kept silence, but his expression showed how uncomfortable he was. 
"Give me back my baby," Iris finally said. She knew Lou wouldn’t do any harm on her little one, but Aliana looked like she was going to kill this merchant. 
Well, suffice to say, Iris didn’t want bloodshed in her coronation day. 
"Nah, let me bond with him." Lou waved his hand at Iris and took the diamond back from Aliana’s hand before he headed toward the crown and put it on it by using magic. "See? This is better. How could you wear something so plain like that and call it a crown?"
"Thank you, Lou," Iris said. "But, give me back my baby." 
Lou looked satisfied with his worked, but then his face fell. "No! Not again! You little..." Lou glanced at Iris and held his tongue in time to change his choice of word. "...Muffin!" 
This time, Lou didn’t when Aliana came to the rescue and take Zenith away from him. He handed the baby hurriedly, just in case he would take it too far and poop on him. 
Aliana and the rest of them laughed to see how Lou created a portal and disappeared from there. 
"You handled him well, Zenith!" Aliana praised Zenith, who wriggled in her arms, feeling uncomfortable because he soiled himself. 
After that, during the ceremony Cane could smell something was off from Lou, because he was sitting in the front seat with Redmond and Ethan, while Jace became the official, who stayed with Cane to ensure the ceremony went smoothly. 
When the time came for the crowns, it was Abby, who put the crown on them both. She was still holding a status as the Serafim, thus it would be a peaceful gesture between the werewolf kingdom and the Holy Kingdom. 
More so, her status was a symbol of peace, which should represent it well. 
Both Iris and Cane knelt down when Abby put the crown on their heads and cited a few prays for them both. 
There were a few royal traditions during the coronation ceremony that Cane erased, one of them was the part where the woman should kneel down in front of the king and declared their vow to obey the king as her mate and as the sovereign. 
Instead, both of them said their vows to one another, with no one knelt down, it symbolized how the king and the queen were on equal. They stood together, hand in hand, shoulder to shoulder. 
This was the start of the equality between the king and the queen. 
Not only that, Cane abolished slavery, the lowest rank in their continent was the omega, which was the pack member of the pack, there would be no more slave in this continent. 
Cane also didn’t allow to take mistresses, they had to be with their destined mate or their chosen mate, there would be a severe punishment for the man, who forced a woman to be with them. 
This was only the foundation of Cane’s new rules, the rest would follow in his reign. 
A few men didn’t happy with this, but the rest of them were fine, while the women were happy with these new rules! 
After the ceremony, there was a huge festivity to celebrate their new king and queen, everyone cheered for them and the night was lively. 
All of them looked forward to their reign.
###Chapter 988: HE IS MINE
Chapter 988: HE IS MINE
Iris and Abby would be the last Serafim, since Decratic had gone, the circle of the Serafim would stop at them. 
They were discussing about this topic and currently, Iris and Cane were sitting together with Abby and Cedric under pergola. They stared at how the weather changed. 
It had been a month, since their coronation and Cane did well to navigate this almost collapsed kingdom. It helped since he had a handful capable people that he could trust. 
Weirdly enough, Cane and Lou got along really well in a sense, as they handled the matter with the merchant and approached them with a business opportunity. 
They lost more than half of the population and there were only three packs that left. There would be not enough member if they wanted to build the seven packs again, thus Cane wouldn’t do that. 
Right now, Howling Wolf pack and Blue Moon pack merged into one area, which they called the capital city, while Crystal Moon pack would be the central of their business because they had the advantage of the harbor. 
And the second pack would be Celestial Moon pack, but now they would call it as North pack. Cezi would lead a few warriors there and some family to build a new pack. 
Just like before, they needed a strong defense against monster attack from the Untouched Land. 
Meanwhile, the land between the south and the north would welcome the merchant from Karam continent, people from Andelus Continent and many more. 
To increase their revenue, Cane and Lou played with the price of the magic stones and made a deal with the merchant, since the only source of magic stone was this continent. The king and the merchant worked well together, showing their cunning side without any scrupulous. 
Lou was Cane’s advisor now, though the former said he did this for Iris, but he rather enjoyed his new position, feeling great when he managed to close deals and fooled the merchant from Karam continent. 
"The earliest ship to Andelus continent is next week and we will take it," Abby informed Iris and Cane. They had discussed this matter before and they agreed Cedric would come with Abby. She needed his support more in the Holy Kingdom to control the people and put real power into her status. 
Without the elders and Rei, it would be a little bit easier. 
More so, Iris had a lot of people, who helped her here, three of her protectors were here with her, thus Cedric was not really needed to stay. 
"I see," Iris mumbled. She felt a little bit sad, because she grew fond of her. Only if they didn’t start their relationship on a bad note, they could be best friend. Well, Abby was her aunt actually. "I hope everything went well for you." 
"Thank you." Abby stood up and she hugged Iris. 
Iris was surprised, but she hugged her back. She liked this end. There was no animosity between them and she really hoped, Abby would make a great Serafim. She knew she would be able to achieve that. She was born for that. 
She might be frail, but she was stubborn and had this strong determination. 
Later that night Iris and Cane put their babies to sleep, Lil Thing was also sleeping on its warm carpet, curling itself close to the cribs, after that the two of them took this time to stroll in the garden when Iris’s stomach growled. 
"Hungry?" Cane kissed her cheek, smiling at her red face. He always loved this side of her. 
"You could hear that?" She was sure the sound was not that loud. 
"As loud as a dragon’s roar." 
Iris hit his arm playfully for that comment. "I will ask someone to make something for me," she said, but before she could leave, Cane stopped her. 
"What do you want? I will make it for you." 
Iris pressed her lips to stop herself from smiling. "It will be my honor if the king wanted to cook something for me. I would love to eat anything that your highness made." 
Cane pulled her and tasted those sweet words that came from her lips. "It will be my honor to take care my mate, the mother of my children." 
Cane ordered all the guards to step back, while the two of them headed to the kitchen, having their own late night dinner. 
"I will get the drink!" Iris said when she saw Cane almost finished with their meals. 
"Hm." 
Iris left the kitchen, but not long after someone entered and her scent made Cane growled dangerously. There, Laluna was standing, looking so pitiful. 
"You shouldn’t have done this. You tricked me. You shouldn’t have the coronation." Laluna started to cry. "If you really wanted to be the king, you can be with me and we can rule together." 
Laluna must have gone insane from all of her own expectation to think it was right for her to say something like that. 
"Vemion deserved a father, he is the heir to the throne, but you snatched it away!" Laluna rushed toward Cane, she attempted to hug him, to show how much he had hurt her. 
However, all of sudden she felt this pain in her chest and dropped to the ground, panting heavily, she felt like someone just squeezed her heart ruthlessly and when she lifted her head, she saw Iris walked into the room. 
The queen spared a disdainful glance at her and walked toward her king. 
"Don’t you dare to touch him," Iris growled dangerously. "He is mine." 
The queen’s voice was very possessive, as she grabbed Cane’s collar and pulled him down, so she could kiss him. Iris bit his lip, annoyed because he didn’t say anything to this insane woman, while her mate enjoyed her aggressiveness. 
"You are so adorable when you were jealous," Cane said against her lips. 
"You will find me fabulous if I accidentally killed her." 
"Please do." 
******** 
Hi, author here. Firstly, I want to thank you for supporting this story. I truly appreciate all the comment (I read them all even when I didn’t reply) and all of your support in any form you can show me. 
And just like every beginning, we come to the end of the story. (what a wonderful journey that I have with you all!) 
Secondly, I want to apologize for all the inconvenient throughout the story. (Personally, I am not that cruel. Lil Thing is my animal spirit.) 
The story after this will be Bonus Chapters and Side Stories of each character. There is nothing major will happen, since the main story has come to end. I will reduce it to one Chapter a day. 
In the bonus Chapter, I will focus on Iris and Cane little family, while the Side Stories will focus on each side character (their back story before the main story or their story after this war. Since, I can’t write them and squeeze their stories into the main plot.) 
I hope you enjoy these Chapters. (Treat this as a therapy and my apology for the trauma. ^^) 
Last but not least, please support my new story if you like my imagination of werewolf story: Replacement Bride of the Alpha From the North. 
Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart.
###Chapter 989: BONUS - : FIRST STEP
Chapter 989: BONUS Chapter: FIRST STEP
The weather was nice, the sky was clear and the wind was not too harsh. It was a perfect time for a picnic and this little family planned to do so. 
But, before that, they would use this time to visit an important place first. 
They had visited this time a few months ago when the reconstruction on this site started, but they had not yet seen the result. 
There were so many things that happened during the past few months and they were busy with a lot of things that piled up in order to preserve this new reign of theirs. 
Therefore, today was an exceptional day where they could enjoy their time together. 
Cane, Iris and their babies rode a carriage to go to Goffa mountain, where they had done with the construction of the burial place. 
At first, they placed flowers on Amee, Grace, Zephyr, Eron and many more graves there before they went to the family burial place. 
Iris felt so sad to think these people, whom they lost in the battle, should have been here with her and watched their coronation. These people, who had supported them without failed. 
Iris introduced them to her babies, especially to Amee and Grace, they were the people, who she felt so bad about when she thought her babies would grow up without knowing them. 
These were only tombstone, without actual bodies there, because they couldn’t retrieve most of their bodies. The war was so cruel, it didn’t spare them anything from those who fallen. 
After that, they went to the burial place. 
"Ready?" Cane placed his arm around Iris’s shoulder, as Zander looked around him curiously. His bright blue eyes shone beautifully, while his twin in Iris’s arms was sleeping. 
The king could feel the sadness from his mate and he knew what the reason of it, because he felt the same way. This was so hard for both of them. 
Not just anyone could go through with it and remain intact. 
They were not. 
There was this big hole in their heart, the void that was created when they lost their babies. No matter how many years had passed. They would never forget what happened, every detail of it. 
There was no expiration date for grieving parents, who lost their babies in such horrendous way. They still carried the guilt for not being able to protect them. 
Their first babies didn’t even manage to reach Zander and Zenith’s age right now and it was so heartbreaking to know how little their time together. 
"Yes..." Iris nodded. Tears welled up in her eyes, she hugged Zenith a little bit tighter, as they walked into this cave. 
This place was not the same like the last time they were here. Because of what happened, it took a great manpower to be able to dig into the main area. 
And there, aside from Cane’s families, the tombstone of his destined mate and his son, also his twin siblings, there are two little tombstones for their babies. 
Chrystal and Rora Nortern. 
Iris was filled with this mixed of emotions to see how tiny their tombstones were. She remembered the day she gave birth to them. The time when she held them for the first time in her arms. The first time she heard Rora’s cry. 
Their time was even shorter with Chrystal. They didn’t have a chance to see hear her cry. Her funeral was one of the most devastating nights she had to endure. 
"This is Rora and Chrystal, your sister," Iris said, introduced Zander and Zenith to their sisters. At this time, Zenith finally decided to wake up and stay awake for a little bit longer. His clear blue eyes stared at Iris curiously, as if asking why she made that sad expression. 
Iris touched his cheek and nuzzled him. 
The twins were ten months old now and they started to talk more, though Zenith was not as active and talkative like his twin. 
They stayed there for an hour, there was no word that exchanged, but the quietness was peaceful. They were reminiscing their hard time and how they were thriving to survive. Their hope to see a better day, their wish to give a better place for their children... 
And then when they left Iris promised to visit them often. 
"Rest well my babies..." 
Zander rested his head against Cane’s shoulder, as he hugged his neck and stretched out his little arms when they walked out of the cave, he kept staring behind them and then giggled. 
"Bba... Bbye... Bbah... Bayy..." he wiggled his arms excitedly. 
Meanwhile, Lil Thing was waiting outside. On its back was a small box that he carried as they went here. It was their lunch box, they were going to have a picnic today. 
It would be the first picnic day for Zander and Zenith. 
"Ah! Lil! Lil!" Zenith stretched out his arms to touch Lil Thing and the bear moved closer to him and let him to pull its ear and caressed its head. 
Ever since the two of them were born, Lil Thing was used to be seen with them. The bear was very gentle with the babies and would be very protective if there was a stranger came closer to them. 
"Li Ing!" Zander wanted to touch Lil Thing too and both babies were giggled when Lil Thing licked their fingers. 
With that, they headed to the other side of the Goffa mountain. 
Joel, Finn, Dean, Pax, Zephyr and Kian followed them, but they kept their distance so they wouldn’t bother the king and the queen’s precious time with their little family. 
They headed to their favorite place, where the grass was white and the color of the flowers were not usual, as the waterfall looked majestic. 
Zander and Zenith touched the grass and they grimaced because they didn’t like it, but Zander immediately got used to it and started to crawl around. 
Meanwhile, Zenith chose to stay with Lil Thing, the baby didn’t want to touch the grass at all, frowning when Cane encouraged him. 
"Come on, it’s not that bad," Cane said to his baby, who kept making a face, as if telling him to stop with his attempt and he was not interested. "You really have an attitude," Cane said helplessly and let go of him. 
Zenith immediately crawled back to Lil Thing. 
A picnic blanket was set and food was taken out from its container, as they stayed under the shadow of a big, lush tree, watching Zander crawled around happily and Zenith took his nth nap this afternoon. 
This was a picture that Iris saw once upon a time when she was at the lowest point in her life and was thinking there was no hope anymore for them to survive. 
The only different was; the babies were a little bit older. 
It was fine. They still had a lot of times to create more and more memories together. 
"This is a peaceful day," Cane said, as he rested his head on Iris’s lap. He didn’t get this chance very often nowadays because their boys were very demanding, but for a while, the king wanted to get his queen’s attention. 
"Indee. I hope everyday will be like this," Iris replied, as she played with his hair. Feeling the softness of the strands of his hair. "You need to cut your hair, it’s getting long." 
"Hm." Cane caught her hand and nibbled on her fingers. "I have been busy." 
"I will do it tonight." 
Cane raised his brows. "Tonight? And then what else you are going to do to me?" 
Iris chuckled with his insinuation, but then something caught her attention and her expression changed into surprised, which made Cane followed her line of sight, as he was ready to jump into defense, thinking something horrendous might happen. 
However, what they watched right now was completely far from his worse imagination. 
They watched how Zander stood up and took his first step!
He took two steps and then fell, but he got up and then took four steps before he fell again. 
Meanwhile, Iris and Cane were too surprised to watch this milestone of their baby and forgot to cheer him up. 
Yet, Zander simply giggled, as if he enjoyed the look on his parent’s face, as he walked closer toward them with his arms opened wide. 
"Da... da... Dada!" Zander walked toward Cane and when he was about to fall, he caught his son and gave him a kiss on the tip of his tiny nose. "Dadada... dadadada..." 
"He walked, he just walked, right?" Iris was still thrilled with the sight, she gave her baby a kiss too. 
"Yes, he did." 
This was very amazing to see how a mundane thing like this could give you an abundance of happiness. They watched Zander’s first step, they heard their first word when they called them and the joy in their laughter was something that you couldn’t compare with anything in this world. 
But then, Zenith crawled back to them. He wanted a kiss too. 
"You will also be able to walk, if you didn’t take a nap every chance you got," Iris said, chided her second born playfully. 
You could tell that Zenith was a very chill baby. He reserved his energy, but the problem was; he did it very often. 
"Thank you for giving me this family, Iris," Cane said, he leaned over and kissed her cheek. "Thank you for giving me this happiness. Thank you. I love you." 
Zenith grumbled and pushed Cane’s face away and Zander crawled to his mother.
###Chapter 990: BONUS - : MISSING
Chapter 990: BONUS Chapter: MISSING
There was nothing unusual for today, as the baby was sleeping peacefully on their cribs and the white bear slept on the carpets close to their cribs. 
However, Zander woke up and started to play on his own, which made the bear woke up too and attend to the baby. 
Lil Thing nuzzled Zander’s hand that stretched out through the gap between his crib and licked his fingers, which made the baby giggled. 
His noise caught Joel’s attention, as he was standing right in front of the door and immediately went into the room to see that Zander was already awake. 
Seeing Joel, Zander stood up and raised both of his arms, asking Joel to pick him up. 
"Up! Up!" 
The twins just celebrated their one year old birthday three months ago and because of everything that was going on around them, the king and the queen didn’t throw a feast for their birthday, instead they celebrated it with a few people that were close to them. 
It was an intimate celebration and the twins might not remember that, but all of them, who gathered that day could feel the closeness. 
These two were their bundle of joy and happiness. The mark of how everything started to go well for them. 
"You are awake, Zan." Joel picked him up and he placed both of his hands on his face, while giggling. 
"Joe... out, out," he said repeatedly, pushing Joel’s face toward the door. He wanted him to take him out. The baby didn’t like to stay in one place for too long. "Out... out, go go..." 
"Okay, okay." Joel laughed. He really enjoyed his new status as the twin’s personal warrior. They were so adorable. "But only for a while, okay?" 
"’Kay." But, Zander turned his body when Lil Thing didn’t come with them. "Lil Thing, Lil Thing out too... go go. Zen too. Zen go out." 
However, Lil Thing didn’t budge, it curled its body next to Zenith’s crib. The baby was doing his usual favorite thing, taking a nap. 
"Lil Thing will be with Zen. Zen is still sleeping, let’s go out with me, okay?" 
Zander furrowed his brows, but then he rested his head on Joel’s shoulder. He didn’t bother the bear and was excited to go out. 
Joel told Finn that he would go out with Zander for a while and Zenith was still sleeping with Lil Thing. Currently, Hanna was pregnant and she got a very bad morning sickness, while Aliana had to do something and Grilla just left for a while, because she needed to check on something, she would return in less than an hour. 
With how peaceful nowadays, it was fine to lower their guard, especially when Lil Thing was inside. 
"Check on Zenith later," Joel said again. 
"Okay." 
"’Kay!" Zander parroted what Finn said. "Bye Finns... Bye bye..." Zander waved his hands, as he was being carried by Joel to walk in the garden. 
"Bye Zan." Finn waved back to the baby. 
Ten minutes later, Finn entered the room, he checked on Zenith, but the baby was still sleeping, so he walked out of the room and left him with Lil Thing. 
However, not long after he left, Zenith actually woke up and he rolled his body on his cribs, causing him to hit the woods and startled Lil Thing. The bear immediately got up and saw the little one was trying so hard not to cry, but he pursed his lips and grumbled. 
After that, Zenith crawled around his cribs, while Lil Thing watched the baby. Crawling and rolling around. 
The baby was rather active today, but suddenly, Zenith stood up. He pushed the crib, but it didn’t budge, he pushed it again, wanting to go out, but still it didn’t budge. 
Lil Thing tilted its head and stood up on its hindlegs, as it stretched out to Zenith. 
The baby giggled and climbed on Lil Thing’s arm, to its shoulder and slid down on its back. Just like that, Zenith could go out of his crib. 
"Up, up," Zenith said, as he tugged Lil Thing’s hindleg. He was very familiar with Lil thing and this was not the first time he climbed on its back, but this would be the first time he did it without any surveillance. 
Iris would have a heart attack if she watched what Zenith was actually doing right now. 
Her baby actually stood up, walked and climbed the bear’s back. He did it with ease and giggled when Lil Thing pushed his bumped so he could sit between its shoulder and held onto its head. The baby’s grip was so strong when he gripped its fur. 
"Go, go... there." Zenith pulled Lil Thing’s head, but he didn’t want to go out, he wanted to go to the bathroom and play with water. 
Lil Thing obliged. It took the little one to the bathroom, but there was no water on the tub. 
Seeing this, Zenith grumbled something incoherently and then took Lil Thing to his parent’s bedroom at the other side. 
At this point, there was no baby in the nursery room and when Grilla returned, she was informed that Joel took Zander to stroll in the garden because the baby was awake, but Zenith and Lil Thing were inside. The baby was sleeping. 
"Finn! Finn!" Grilla was hysteric and Finn immediately went inside. "Where is Zenith? Where is the baby?!" 
"What? The baby is there..." Finn rushed into the room and saw the crib was empty. His heart sank to his knees when he saw this, he was trembling as horror filled his eyes, which reflected well on Grilla’s eyes. "Wh- where... where is the baby? Where is Zenith?" 
Finn felt his blood dropped from his face. Both of them immediately scoured the entire room. They couldn’t even find Lil Thing. 
"Tell Joel and the king about this," Finn said, he was dreading the king’s reaction, but he was even more afraid if something happened to baby Zenith. "I will try to track them down." 
"Yes, yes!" 
Finn shifted into his beast and started to follow the scent that was left behind by Lil Thing and baby Zenith. 
It took him to the bathroom, to the king’s bedroom and then went out of the window! Finn was terrified. He was scared something happened to the baby, after all, this was the second floor! Why Lil Thing didn’t make noises? 
Was there someone else that took the baby? But, Finn couldn’t find strange scent aside from the two of them, was the enemy did something so they were scentless? 
He couldn’t think straight, as he followed the scent and it vanished when he walked across a muddy ground. It had been raining recently and it seemed, they crossed this path. 
On the other hand, Grilla was crying when she frantically informed Joel and together they went to see the king to tell him about this. 
Grilla apologized profusely, she was crying so hard, while kneeling down. 
Meanwhile, Cane’s face darkened, he approached them and took Zander from Joel’s arms, the baby looked at his father with furrowed brows. He had never seen his father angry face before. 
"Send out all the warrior to scour the whole area," Cane said, he tried to keep his voice down and press his anger, but Zander could tell that his father was angry. "Where is Lou? I want him to see me now." 
"Lou is with a merchant from Karam, he is in a meeting," Jace replied, while Ethan had rushed out of the room to carry the order. 
He dragged Joel with him and chided at the young warrior how he could be so reckless. Sure enough the gamma would chew Finn as well for losing the baby. 
"Angey..." Zander tilted his head. "Dada angey... why?" 
Cane could feel his anger subsided a little when Zander touched his face. He stared at him with his innocent eyes. 
"Why angey?" Zander pursed his lips. 
"I am not angry with you," Cane said, he kissed his forehead. "Go with Grilla, okay?" 
"No." Zander wrapped his arms around his father’s neck. The little one nuzzled his neck and Cane couldn’t get him off of him. "No, no, San wants with you..." 
Cane waved at Grilla, telling her to go, as he carried Zander to investigate where his sibling was and how could Lil Thing not do anything when it happened. What actually was happening?! 
Cane was agitated, but this made Zander restless too. 
"Has anyone informed the queen?" Cane asked Dean, who followed behind him. 
"Not yet. The queen is in the orphanage with Zephyr and Penny," Dean replied. Penny was the new healer for the pack and today Iris was scheduled to visit the orphan. 
"I will go there to inform her myself," Cane said. He caressed Zander’s back, trying to tell him that he was alright, because he could pick up the negative emotions around him and this made him uncomfortable. 
Cane didn’t waste his time and took his baby to see Iris, who was with the other children, while kept in tab about the searching of Zenith and Lil Thing. 
If it happened only a while ago, they shouldn’t have been too far from the pack house. 
Cane approached her and interrupted her conversation with one of the children. This visit was surprised Iris, but even more with the news that Cane told her. 
"What happened?" Iris asked, she took Zander from Cane’s arms, frowning to see her mate’s expression.
"Zenith and Lil Thing went missing," Cane said bluntly. 
Iris’s face went pale.
###Chapter 991: BONUS - : FOUND HIM!
Chapter 991: BONUS Chapter: FOUND HIM!
"Mamamaama...." Zander nuzzled Iris’s neck happily, but Iris felt her blood drained from her face when she heard what happened with her other baby. 
"What do you mean they went missing?!" Iris screeched, she scared Zander, as the baby stopped his rambling. 
Cane immediately told her about what happened based on what Grilla and Joel told them. Currently, Finn was tracking down their baby and Lil Thing. 
Before this, Lil Thing had never wandered around and if someone told Iris her one of the babies would go missing one day, her mind would think the baby must Zander, since Zenith was too passive to roam around on his own. 
"I will go with the other warriors," Cane said. "I will find our baby, just go back with Zander." 
Their only comfort was Lil Thing went with Zenith, but then how could that bear exert an effort to take their baby away when both of them were pretty similar on taking seriously on their napping time? 
"No." Iris grabbed Cane’s hand, her expression looked very serious, which made Cane didn’t argue with her. "I will find him." 
Cane furrowed his brows when he heard that. He was about to persuade her to go back when he remembered one thing. This was very important thing. 
If there was someone, who could find their baby right away, it must be Iris. 
============================= 
Lil Thing nudged the baby to get on its back again, but the baby kept crawling on the velvety grass. Its body was covered with mud, as he stood up and started walking, but after a few steps he would continue crawling. 
Zenith repeated the same process until he arrived at the forest. 
"No. No. No..." Zenith said clearly, as he pushed Lil Thing’s muzzle away, because the bear blocked his way, but this time Lil Thing didn’t budge. They were so far from the pack house already and the bear needed to get this little one back to his crib. 
Lil Thing let out frustrated growl, but it didn’t bother Zenith, the little boy pursed his lips. 
"Baad, baad Ihl ..." Zenith was not scared at all. "Move... go..." 
Lil Thing circled him, it didn’t mean to bring the baby too far, but he told it to keep going, thus it followed the order. 
However, it would get scolded if it didn’t bring him back. 
Zenith saw something that piqued his interest, this thing had woken him up from his sleep and kept telling him to come. 
"Move! Move! Ihl bad!" Zenith tried to push Lil Thing. The baby became frustrated when the bear didn’t budge, it blocked his way from the subject that interested him and kept nudging him toward the opposite direction. "Move, pweese... move pweesee... Ihl goohd." Zenith tried different approach, but it didn’t work. 
He was about to cry when he saw something else, something more interesting. These new subjects piqued his interest more and he stopped to push Lil Thing away. 
In the end, Zenith sat there, rambling incoherently and laughed, as if someone played with him, while Lil Thing curled next to him. 
This was the forest in Goffa mountain, Lil Thing was familiar with this area. 
"Ishh... Ish..." Zenith babbled. "Ohaa... Taa, Ta..." 
Lil Thing couldn’t bring him back, but at the very least, the baby didn’t walk further to the mountain and after half an hour, Zenith started to get tired, he yawned and curled himself next to Lil Thing. 
The bear let the baby laid down on its stomach, whimpered because it didn’t know what to do now. 
Thankfully, soon after, Lil Thing’s ear perked up. It smelled familiar scent and a second later the forest was surrounded by shifters. The king’s black beast was the first one that reached them, the queen was sitting on its back. 
The sight reminded Lil Thing of how the queen used to sit on its back too. 
If there was someone, who could tell the other person’s exact location within a few second, it must be Iris. She uncovered her new ability during the war. 
"Zenith! Lil Thing!" Iris immediately got down from the beast’s back and scooped her baby. The king shifted back into his human form as well and followed his mate. He didn’t smell blood, which was a good sign. 
Iris was freaking out when she saw her little one was covered in mud. 
Relief only came to her when she checked on him and didn’t find anything that she needed to be worried about. Aside from being very dirty and got a few scratches on his knees, since he was too little and his healing ability had not yet developed really well, Zenith was perfectly fine. 
Iris cried so hard when she got her baby back, while Cane hugged her from behind. On the other hand, Lil Thing pretended that it was dead. It didn’t move, closed its eyes. 
However, Iris got down and scratched Lil Thing’s back. "Thank you for taking care of him." 
=============================== 
It was still mystery about how Zenith could go out of his crib and how he could end up in the forest. What actually happened? 
They didn’t believe Lil Thing tried to harm their babies. Something must be at play here. 
"What do you think had happened?" Iris asked, she was being paranoid and asked someone to put the crib in their bedroom. 
Joel, Finn and Grilla apologized profusely to them. They felt extremely dreadful for what happened to Zenith and admitted their wrongdoings for not protecting him well. 
Finn couldn’t find Zenith, because of the mud that covered his and Lil Thing’s scent, but he met with the king and the queen on his way in the forest, where they found Zenith. 
As the punishment, Joel and Finn would go into a deep training with Ethan, but Grilla only got a warning. She was supposed not to leave the room, but then at that time, the babies were sleeping and Lil Thing also the warriors were presence. She didn’t leave the baby alone and was thinking they were well protected. 
And for Lil Thing, the bear was not allowed to enter the nursery room for a week. It didn’t allow to play with the babies, which made the bear let out this pitiful whimpered when they blocked its way to the nursery room, shaking their head. 
"I am not sure." Cane tried various scenarios in his head, but none of them that made any sense. 
Lil Thing couldn’t tell them what happened, while they couldn’t ask Zenith too. What happened today would remain as a mystery. 
========================== 
"Don’t you think he is too chubby for a fifteen months old baby?" Lou asked, nudging Zander’s chubby cheeks, as he was eating his food. The baby swatted the merchant’s finger from his face. "He needs to be on diet to get some muscles." 
"Stop it," Aliana growled at him. "Don’t you feel any shame to bully a baby?" he swatted Lou’s hand away, when he kept touching Zander. 
Lou just returned from one of his meetings with those boring merchant from Karam continent and found Aliana, Hanna and the babies, having this little picnic under the shadow of the tree. 
He had seen these twins often and was surprised to see how they grew up. From that wrinkles things to this chubby creatures. 
"I am only saying the fact." Lou shrugged his shoulders. 
"They are healthy. It is very rich coming from you, who doesn’t even spend a minute to exercise," Hanna chimed in and this time, Lou raised both of his arms. He was not going to continue this silly argumentation. 
"What is he doing there?" Lou frowned at Zenith, who was playing alone, talking to invisible friends. 
"Haven’t you seen a baby playing?" 
Lou furrowed his brows, he glanced at Lil Thing, who was curling itself next to Zenith, he was deep in thought when this crazy idea actually flitted his mind. "Ah!" He got this theory and immediately rushed to talk about this with Cane. 
What happened to Zenith two weeks ago really shook the entire pack, since the king put guards around the forest and patrolled around the mountain too, just in case they caught something unusual. 
He was not going to let the same thing happened for the second time. 
However, when he arrived at Cane’s study room, it was even better because Iris was also there. 
"Iris, I missed you!" Lou was still with his antics, even after everything that changed, he didn’t. 
Yet, before he could approach Iris, Redmond slapped him with a bunch of parchment. "There, the report and the deal with the merchant from Karam." 
Lou glared at Redmond and put down the stack of parchment on the table, as he declared. "I think I know what happened to your baby." 
"What?" Cane narrowed his eyes, waiting for what nonsense this merchant was going to say. This merchant was useful, despite how annoying he could be. Therefore, he didn’t outright kill him whenever he was being an ass. 
Cane was contemplating to send him out of the capital city. 
Lou then explained that there was a chance that the baby inherited Iris’s ability to see spirit, or whatever it was. After all, Iris had two birthrights. 
"After all, the twin was conceived when the two of you had those strange souls within you." He came to this conclusion after he watched how Zenith played by himself. "You said it that your grandfather had unique bloodline, something about spirit if I recalled." 
"It only passed down to girl," Iris reminded him, but Lou just shrugged. 
"Only a theory."
###Chapter 992: BONUS - : I LOVE YOU
Chapter 992: BONUS Chapter: I LOVE YOU
It had been four years since the war and for these past four years, they really needed to focus on rebuilding the shifter kingdom, there were a lot of things that they had to take care of and with that came the sacrifice. 
As the new king and queen, who carried the responsibility for the new reign, Cane and Iris had to sacrifice their time with their babies. 
They tried their best to always be there for them, but of course, their time was limited and they couldn’t be with them as much as they wanted. 
Therefore, after four years of so many sleepless nights and sacrifices, the kingdom flourished, they could start to see the significant change to a better future and their workload reduced as well. 
In that case, Iris and Cane decided to celebrate their twins’ birthday lavishly. 
Before, they would only celebrate Zander and Zenith’s birthday by gathering people that close to them, but this time, they went all out for their boys. 
"Zen! Get up!" Zander climbed his bed and shook his brother’s body, so he could wake up. "Stop sleeping, wake up!" 
"Go away..." Zenith pushed Zander off him, but his twin was persistence. 
Meanwhile, Lil Thing perked his ear and saw this common commotion, but it chose to fall asleep again. There was nothing new. This was the routine in the morning. 
Zander and Zenith were still sleeping in the same room, in different bed, but next year, they would be given their own room. 
Iris wanted to keep them close with her for a little bit longer, but the boys were very excited to have their own room for them to décor. In Zander’s case, it was because he liked the idea of being able to have a big space for his own, but for Zenith, it meant he could sleep without his brother jumped on him every morning. 
"Wake up! Wake up!" Zander bit his arm lightly, so his brother could wake up. "Today is our birthday!" 
"No..." Zenith said grumpily, but when Zander bit him, he woke up and growled at him, yet the latter immediately dragged him out of the bed. 
Poor Zenith had to keep up with his brother’s high spirit when all he wanted was some peace and quiet and a lot of nap. 
When they went out of the room, Joel and Finn greeted them, congratulated them for turning four today. Zander thanked them, but Zenith pursed his lips, he looked grumpy. 
"Mamaa... Mamaa...!" Zander knocked on the door, while Dean crouched down to talk to him to calm him down. 
Dean chuckled to see how Zenith yawned, the little boy didn’t even have the energy to stand, as he squatted down, but Zander was still holding onto his right hand. 
"Happy birthday to the two of you," Dean said cheerfully, so did Zephyr, who guarded the night with him. 
"The king and the queen must be still sleeping. Do you need something?" Zephyr squatted down as well. 
"Mama said she will take me to see the preparation for tonight banquet," Zander replied. 
"But, this is still too early." Dean pointed out the sun that just appeared in the horizon. The sky was still bleak, because it was almost the end of the winter and the weather was still rather cold. 
"But, I already wake up." Zander pointed at his twin brother. "Zenith already wakes up too." 
Dean, Zephyr, Joel and Finn didn’t agree with Zander’s last statement, because Zenith obviously needed a few more hours to sleep. The four of them chuckled to see Zenith rested his head on his knees, using his left hand as pillow, while his right hand was still being held by Zander. 
"I don’t think he is awake," Dean said.
"Why don’t you go with me and Finn?" Joel suggested. "We will see the preparation." 
Zander frowned. "But, I want to go with mama..." 
"But the queen is still sleeping," Zephyr coaxed him as well. 
"I will wake her up," Zander insisted. He was beaming with excitement, thus it was hard to turn him down. 
"I don’t think that’s a good idea..." Dean mumbled. He saw the queen was a little bit drunk last night when she returned with the king. Heaven only knew what happened afterward, since they knew how bold the queen could be when she had too much alcohol in her system. 
Right at that time, probably because the commotion that he heard, Cane stepped outside. He was wearing thin clothes, seemingly didn’t get enough time to dress properly. 
"Daddy!" Zander let go of Zenith’s hand and raised both of his arms up, asking to be picked up. Thankfully, Joel caught Zenith’s body first before he fell. 
Cane picked up Zander, but he squatted down and picked up Zenith too, who opened his eyes and mumbled ’daddy’ before he snuggled against his neck and closed his eyes again. 
"Mama said she will take us to see the preparation for tonight!" Zander was in high spirit, Cane wondered, who he took after. "Is there really a firework?" 
"Yes." Cane took his boys for walk, before they made more commotion and woke Iris up. She was still too tired, since she slept so late. 
"Yes." 
"There are a lot?" 
"How many do you want?" Cane hugged his boys a little bit tighter as he asked Finn to get their cloak. The weather was still cold and Iris would scold him if she found out they were going out with not enough clothes during this season. 
"I want a lot!" Zander opened his arms widely. 
"You will get a lot of it." 
Zander beamed, his blue eyes lit up. It reminded him of how Iris’s eyes shone brightly whenever she was happy. 
Because of how noisy Zander was, Zenith couldn’t continue to sleep, he opened his eyes and looked confused because they were outside, but when he saw his father’s face he nuzzled his neck again, in which Cane gave him a kiss on top of his head. 
Joel returned with cloak for the boys and helped them to wear it. Zander protested, but when Cane said that their mother would get mad if they didn’t wear warm clothes, he relented. Iris could be scary when it came to their safety and wellbeing. 
Zenith didn’t fall asleep again and paid attention to his surroundings, as the pale light of the winter sun illuminated the sky. 
"Daddy, why do you smell different?" Zander sniffed at his father and scrunched his nose. He sniffed him again. "You don’t smell like you." 
Cane chuckled, while Zenith followed his twin, he sniffed his father too and noticed his scent indeed different. 
"You smell funny, dad," Zenith said. 
"Why do you smell like this?" Zander kept sniffing Cane and the king didn’t know what to say. 
"Mommy also smell funny when she met you," Zenith recalled a few days ago when her mother came out of their father’s study room. Zenith didn’t want to play with Zander, thus he sneaked out and went to his father’s study room to take a nap, because he learned that no one would bother him there. 
"Why do you smell funny?" Zander tilted his head. 
And Cane found himself lost for word. He was speechless to have two pairs of blue eyes looked at him curiously. 
Later that night, they had a festivity and a lot of fireworks just like how Cane promised Zander. The two boys were in awe to see how the night sky turned so bright with the beautiful fireworks. 
Not to mention Lou added some theatrical magic to live up the night. The boys liked this merchant, though Lou always told them that they were annoying, but they used to pester him. Zenith also took interest more with him. 
And when Cane and Iris tucked their boys, Zander was giggling in his sleep. 
"I wonder what he is dreaming of." Iris kissed Zander’s cheeks and then Zenith’s. Cane did the same too. "I really hope they have a good dream and they will remember tonight even when they grew up." 
"They will." Cane and Iris sat down on the edge of Zander’s bed, as the boy kept smiling and mumbling something about firework in his sleep. 
But, Zenith woke up and approached them. Cane immediately picked him up and sat him down on his lap. "Why are you awake?" 
Zenith yawned again before he spoke. "I forgot to tell you something..." he said sleepily, it seemed he made a great effort to stay awake. 
"What is it?" Iris caressed his cheek and fixed his clothes, she was a little bit obsessed to keep them warm. 
"I love you," Zenith said, he rubbed his eyes sleepily. 
Hearing this, Iris grinned widely. "I love you too, my baby." 
Cane kissed the tip of Zenith’s nose. "I love you too." He loved this peaceful night, this unexpected affection and a lot of ’I love you’ with his little family. 
Cane had never felt so complete. He loved every second that he spent with his family. Everything that he worked for, all the sacrifices were all worth it when he returned to them. They were his home. Something that he thought he would never have during the hellish days of his life. 
However, Zenith shook his head. "Not me." He yawned again, snuggled against Cane’s chest. "They told me to say ’I love you’ to the two of you." 
Iris frowned. "Who?" 
Zenith blinked his eyes and looked at Cane. "Two little girls that looked like daddy... but have blue eyes like me and Zan..."
###Chapter 993: BONUS - : LITTLE GIRL
Chapter 993: BONUS Chapter: LITTLE GIRL
Just like how Iris promised them, once they turned five, they could have their own bedrooms. They celebrated their fifth birthday three months ago, Cane took them with Lou to go on a journey to Andelus continent by ship. 
Iris couldn’t come because she hated being on the ship, she didn’t enjoy it at all. The last time they went to Andelus continent was when Zenith and Zander were only a year old and Iris didn’t want to do it anymore. 
Zander and Zenith begged her to allow them to go and Cane reassured her that he would take care of them. 
After hesitating for a long time and Cane agreed with a long list that he had to do and not to do with the boys, Iris let them go. 
And the two little ones were very happy to have this journey with their father and their favorite uncle. Zander didn’t stop talking about it for weeks. 
Ezgar would produce a bunch of diamond if Zale didn’t stop Zander to bother the diamond white tiger with his story. 
Ezgar and Zale were like an older brother for them, but if they were being mischievous, it must be Zale’s idea. 
And because Zenith and Ezgar used not to talk much, they would follow what Zale’s said and in extent Zander. 
The most they did was sneaking out at night, thankfully Lil Thing came to Joel to alert the warrior, thus the four of them were brought back before they went to Goffa mountain. 
It happened only a few weeks ago. 
"I like my room!" Zander screamed happily, as he went into his new room and rolled on the soft bed. He was five years old now. 
Iris felt they grew up very fast. She remembered how she used to hug them and check on them every few hours at night, but now they would sleep in different room, a little bit away from Cane and her room. 
"I am big already!" Zander said happily. "I have my own room! I am already big! I can join the training with Zale!" 
Zander then rushed toward Cane, he raised his arms, asking to be picked up. 
"Didn’t you say that you are already big? Why do you ask to be picked up?" Redmond spoke. He was here because Cane forgot about something and he needed to remind him. 
Zander pursed his lips. "I am still little too." He then shifted his attention toward Cane. "I will join training, right? When can I train?" 
Cane picked up his son. "Later, when you are six, you can go to a training." 
However, Zenith didn’t like the idea, he turned toward their mother and hugged her legs. "I don’t want to go training." He scrunched his little nose, as if the idea annoyed him so much. Probably because he needed to be up so early and the idea of that was not so appealing. 
Iris picked Zenith up and he hugged her tightly. "You will like it, there is Joel and Finn, who will train you. Rye and Lucia also will go training." 
Zenith sulked and Iris cheered him up by taking him to his bedroom. 
This room was not as colorful as Zander’s since Zenith liked soft color more and had a bigger bed than Zander. 
Also, there was this soft carpet, where Lil Thing could sleep, because the bear was closer to Zenith than Zander, as the two of them were very similar. 
"Let’s go play outside!" Zander said happily after they checked Zenith’s room. "Lil Thing too! Let’s go!" He took his brother’s hand and they went out. 
"They are very different." Redmond shook his head, but then frowned. "Don’t you think Zenith always looks lethargic? Is that normal?" 
"Yeah, I noticed that too," Iris mumbled. 
At beginning, she thought it’s because they simply had different personality, where Zander was the active one, but to see how Zenith always looked tired, she didn’t think it was normal. 
Cane didn’t join in this conversation, but he fell into a deep thought. Later that night, he called Lou to discuss something and give him a task, in which made the merchant grumbled and cursed at him. 
Later that night, Cane and Iris came to their son’s bedroom, since this was the first time they would sleep separated from each other and stayed in room that was not next to them. 
Though the situation in this kingdom was relative peaceful and the protection around the palace was top notch, but the king and queen still had their own concern, especially when it came to their babies. 
Cane came to Zenith’s room first, while Iris went to Zander, but after they said their ’goodnight’ and gave a few kisses, they switched to the other room. 
"I love you, daddy..." Zander said sleepily, yawning. The same thing that he told Iris earlier, he was very affectionate and bright child. 
"I love you too, Zan," Cane said, he kissed the tip of his nose and he giggled. "Sleep now." 
The king watched as his little one fell asleep, so did Iris with Zenith. 
However, Zenith slept too much during the day, thus he was still awake when Iris finished the story about the little girl and the monster. 
"Why don’t you sleep?" Iris asked, she laid down with Zenith and saw his bright blue eyes stared at her. 
"I don’t feel sleepy." Zenith played with her hair. 
"That’s why, you can’t sleep too much during the day." 
Zenith pursed his lips and looked around him before he looked his mother again and said something that made Iris’s heart skipped a beat. "There is little girl." 
"What little girl?" 
"There is little girl with you." 
"Hm? You mean little girl in the story?" 
Zenith shook his head and then pointed her stomach. "Little girl," he said. 
Iris didn’t know what to feel about this. Was this only a coincidence, or Zenith only said something randomly? But then, it already came to her attention that Zenith might not only be a shifter. Just like how she had more than one birthright. 
At first, Iris didn’t want to bother or even entertain the idea, but she couldn’t shake this feeling, thus after a week since what Zenith said to her, even though he had never said anything about it anymore, Iris came to see Penny, she was the royal healer now. 
"Heaven!" Penny was shocked, her eyes lit up and this made Iris became more nervous. She felt her ears were ringing with the anticipation. 
"What is it?" Iris asked, narrowing her eyes. 
"Luna! You are pregnant!" Penny then congratulated her. "You must be around four to five weeks now!" 
"Really? Are you sure about that?" 
Iris didn’t think she would get pregnant again, not because they didn’t want to have another child, but the topic had never come up and they were already content with their boys. She didn’t even expect this. 
If it was not for what Zenith said the other night, Iris wouldn’t be aware of her pregnancy, because she didn’t feel any change on her body. But, one thing that she was sure about was; the baby was not a shifter, since she didn’t see her wolf spirit and she didn’t think her ability to see spirit aside from shifters included the one that was still unborn. 
Yet, Zenith actually could. 
At night, when Cane just returned from his long day and visited their boys to kiss them goodnight, though they were already sleeping, Iris was still awake to wait for him. She couldn’t wait to tell him about this news. 
However, she was a little bit nervous. She didn’t know how he would react. In the past, when she told him about her pregnancy with the boys, he didn’t take it well, but then the situation was very different now. 
"Why don’t you sleep?" Cane approached Iris and kissed her lips. 
"I am waiting for you," Iris replied, she clung onto him. 
"I am dirty, I will clean myself first." Cane didn’t hug her back, because he didn’t want to dirty her nightgown. 
"I will help you." Iris grinned when Cane raised his brows. 
In the end, they ended up taking a bath together. Iris was resting her body against Cane’s chest, while the alpha put his hand against her breast, he pinched her nipple and bit her ear, which made Iris giggled. 
"I thought you are going to help me," Cane teased her. 
"I helped you, didn’t I?" 
"Hm." Cane’s hand went down to caress her stomach, which made Iris gasped, but the king didn’t think of anything with her reaction. "You helped me with something else." 
Iris enjoyed this moment together. They cherished a moment like this, especially when they couldn’t have it all the time. They had to divide their time for the matter in this kingdom, their babies and other things. 
"What do you think we have another baby?" Iris asked casually, but her heart was beating so fast, waiting for Cane’s reaction. 
The king didn’t give respond immediately, he gave some thought about this, but was not against the idea. "The situation is different now. It will be lovely," he said. "Do you want to try for a baby?" 
Cane was aroused even more when Iris shifted her body and looked at him. She literally straddled him, he groaned when his mate nibbled on his lip. 
"We have one on the way," Iris said against his lips, which made Cane pulled back. 
"What did you say?" 
"I am pregnant," Iris said sheepishly. She waited nervously and then giggled when Cane started smiling.
###Chapter 994: BONUS - : A BUNDLE OF JOY
Chapter 994: BONUS Chapter: A BUNDLE OF JOY
"Mamma... you have a baby there?" Zander asked when Iris and Cane informed the boys about her pregnancy. 
Zander looked amazed, he pointed Iris’s belly and stared at it with his round eyes, while Zenith was sitting on Cane’s lap, he already knew about that, thus he didn’t have the same reaction like his sibling. 
Currently they went to have this nice little picnic in their favorite place in the Goffa mountain, where the grass was as white as the cloud in the bright sky. 
This almost like the image that Iris was dreamed of years ago during the battle. 
"Yes." Iris nodded, she kissed his forehead. "Are you happy to have a new sibling?" 
"But, I love Zen." Zander pointed Zenith, who snuggled against Cane’s chest. 
"You can love Zen too." Iris put him on her lap. 
"Owh, okay." Zander tilted his head and talked to Zenith. "I will play with you too, don’t worry." 
From the look of it, Zenith didn’t have any slightest of worry, in fact, he would be grateful his brother had someone else to be dragged around. 
"Do you want to feel the baby?" Iris asked and Zander’s eyes widened in surprised. 
"The baby moved inside of you?" 
Zenith looked interest too, he moved closer toward Iris and she helped her two sons to feel their sibling’s movement. She pressed their tiny palms against her belly and felt the baby’s movement. 
The two of them were in awed, as they looked at each other, their expressions were very funny. 
"But, mama... how can a baby be in your stomach? Someone put it inside?" Zander asked curiously. 
"Well, you can say so." Iris blushed. She didn’t mean to have an idea about it, but she couldn’t help it. She wanted to drop the subject, but her son was still curious and didn’t want to let her off, while Cane was not a help at all. 
"Mama, who put the baby inside your stomach?" Zander turned his body, he looked at his mother seriously. "Was that daddy? Did daddy put the baby? How he did that?" 
Iris’s face turned even redder when she heard that, while Cane suppressed his laughter, until they heard Zenith spoke. 
"Of course, daddy did put the baby inside of mommy." 
"But, how?" Zander turned his attention to his twin sibling. 
"You don’t know how?" 
"You know?" 
"Of course." 
Iris and Cane asked at the same time, which made them tensed up. "You do?" Zenith nodded as a respond and then started to explain. 
"They created the baby at night," Zenith said, which made blood drained from Iris and Cane’s face. They were sure no one was inside the room, let alone their son. The thought their son knew, mortified them. "They molded the baby like how Grilla made a cake and mama ate it." 
Only when Zenith said the last statement that Cane and Iris visibly breathed in relief. He meant different from what they thought. 
"Oh..." Zander tilted his head, it didn’t seem he understood, but he dropped the question, satisfied enough with his sibling’s explanation. He saw Grilla made a cake before. "My stomach also got big when I ate Grilla’s cake. Did I have a baby too?" 
Cane and Iris could see a lot of questions started to form in Zenith’s mind and before he could ask more, Cane immediately stood up. 
"Come, I will teach you how to swim." 
In an instant, the question was forgotten and the two of them immediately took off their clothes, while Cane approached Iris and kissed her cheeks. 
"That’s a close call," he said playfully and Iris laughed. 
She watched as Cane joined his sons into the water, while she was sitting close by. She was currently four months pregnant and they only told their sons now. 
Iris thought, she already knew what happiness was when she had Zander and Zenith, but what she felt right now was more than that. She loved her mate and her son, but with their additional family member, she knew that her love would only grow. 
Within a few months from now, they would have a bundle of joy. A little girl. That was what Zenith said. A little girl to complete their family. 
Later that day after they were done with their picnic, they went to go the burial place, visiting their girls and greeted their loved one, who had gone ahead of them. 
After that, they had a nice dinner together, once the night came and the boys had fallen asleep, Cane and Iris finally had some alone time. 
"So, what do you think how I put the baby inside you?" Cane teased Iris, as he kissed her neck and slowly undressed her. 
"I am not sure how," Iris played along with him, she moaned when Cane kneaded her breast gently. "I don’t remember." 
"Should I remind you how?" 
"Yes, please..." Iris said breathlessly. 
She loved the way he touched her and how he made love with her, but even more when he showed his care after the pleasurable moment. She felt loved and happy... 
Her pregnancy this time was easier than her previous ones, she didn’t feel morning sickness or any drastic change on her body, aside from feeling sleepy rather often. 
One afternoon, when Iris was seven months pregnant, she went to Zenith’s bedroom and saw her son took a nap and this made her wanted to lay down too. 
"Mommy...?" Zenith was woken up when Iris cuddled him, but when he saw it was his mother, he fell asleep again. 
An hour later when the two of them had fallen asleep peacefully, Zander came inside after he played with Rye and Ezgar and found his mother and his twin on the bed. 
He approached them. "I want a cuddle too." Zander climbed the bed and inserted himself between Iris and Zenith carefully, because there was his baby girl in his mother tummy. 
In the end, the three of them slept throughout afternoon and when the evening came and Cane couldn’t find his mate and his sons, he started to ask about their whereabouts, because usually, Zander would come to visit his study room and Zenith would sneak in to sleep there, Iris would often come as well. 
Yet, neither of them came to see him. 
"They are currently sleeping in Zenith’s bedroom," Redmond said. Once again, he was here to remind Cane about something that he forgot. This was not the first time. "I think they have been sleeping for hours now." 
Cane went to Zenith’s bedroom and found the three people that he loved the most sleeping peacefully. Zander had his legs on Zenith’s body and Cane came to rearrange his sleeping position. 
In the end, he slept with them, as Zenith snuggled against him and Zander went to hug his mother. This was enough to shed off all of the tiredness from his day. 
Days passed and then months, as the baby inside Iris grew bigger and stronger and was ready to meet with her brother that had been waiting to see her. 
It was the afternoon autumn where the leaves had turned orange and the world looked like it covered in golden hues when Iris felt the first contraction. 
Cane was immediately informed about it and Zander and Zenith came to see their mother too. 
"Mommy, is the baby hurt you?" Zenith asked. 
"No, the baby is only being impatient to see you two," Iris reassured him.
Zander then caressed her belly. "Don’t hurt mama, okay? Be good... be good..." 
Cane kissed Iris’s forehead. "Are you, okay?" 
"This is better than before," Iris said. This could be said the easiest pregnancy and she was sure they wouldn’t meet any problem during the process. 
Iris was right, with the help of Penny, Hanna, Aliana and Grilla, they welcomed their new family member. 
Cane was there to accompany Iris, while Joel and Finn calmed Zander and Zenith down when the two of them wanted to be in the room with their father and mother during the childbirth. Instead, they took them both for a walk until they were informed that Iris had given birth to a baby girl. 
"She is beautiful," Cane said, as he held his baby girl for the first time. The baby was very clean, she cried so loud, as if she wanted to announce her existence to the world. 
Cane was mesmerized to see this bundle of joy in his arms. The baby had red hair just like Iris, also her curls, you could tell that Iris had a little version of herself this time and Cane couldn’t stop smiling. 
"Woah! She is so little!" Zander was surprised to see his little sister and Zenith pushed him aside to see the baby too. 
"Mommy, she has your hair." Zenith pointed it out. 
"Yes," Iris said with joy. 
"She has golden eyes!" Zander widened his eyes when he saw the golden color. "It’s so beautiful." 
"The two of you also have golden eyes when you were baby." Cane then told them about the golden eyes theory to them and they were fascinated. 
"Will she have the color of eyes like us?" Zander asked Cane curiously. 
"We will see in a few days," Cane replied. 
Zenith touched the baby’s little hand and she grabbed it, as she brought his finger to her mouth. "No, my finger doesn’t have milk." He released his finger gently from her grip, but it was too tight. "Daddy... she doesn’t want to let me go." 
"What should we call her? What is her name?" Zander asked excitedly.
###Chapter 995: BONUS - : THE CHILDREN
Chapter 995: BONUS Chapter: THE CHILDREN
"Zaya... Zaya..." 
"Stop calling her name. How can she sleep if you kept calling her?" 
"But, she has been sleeping all day." 
"Shouldn’t you two be in bed now?" Cane crossed his arms, as the two little boys in front of him startled with the presence of their father. They were too engrossed with their little baby sister, thus they didn’t notice their father’s presence. 
Cane almost smiled to see how his boys’ expression when they were being caught red handed to sneak around in the middle of the night. 
Their blue eyes shone brightly in this dimly lit room, while behind them, inside her crib, their baby sister was giggling, as if she knew that her brother got into a trouble. 
Iris just gave birth to their daughter five months ago and this bundle of joy was truly a blessing in their life and her two older brothers adored her so much. 
This was not the first time for Zander and Zenith sneaked around and came to Zaya’s nursery room, which was the room next to Cane and Iris’s room, the same nursery room that they used for Zander and Zenith. 
"So, what is your excuse now?" Cane walked toward the crib and checked on Zaya, she babbled and moved her little arms and legs when she saw him, the sight would be able to melt the hardest rock. 
"Zan dragged me to go with him," Zenith said. 
"You used that excuse before." Cane ruffled Zenith’s hair. "Moreover, you can refuse him if you didn’t want."
"Dad, you know how persistence Zan is." 
Meanwhile, Zander put on an innocent face, he blinked his big blue eyes at Cane like a puppy. "Daddy, I missed Zaya. I know she is awake, so I came to play with her until she fell asleep again." 
"You are aware that you have training tomorrow morning, right?" Cane showed them stern expression which made them avoided his eyes. "I heard from Joel and Finn both of you didn’t pay attention to the training at all." 
"I paid attention to the training. I won a fight against Zen!" Zander complained. 
"Only because your brother is too sleepy to fight you." 
Zenith was about to yawn, but he pressed his lips when he heard what his father said. Cane could only shake his head. Joel and Finn couldn’t stop them and weirdly enough, the two of them went out of their bedrooms at the same time, which was amazing. 
If it happened one time, it must be a coincidence, but it happened all the time. 
"How can you do that?" Cane asked an explanation from them. 
"Zan called me," Zenith replied. He crept to the crib and nudged Zaya’s cheek, as the baby giggled. "Zan kept calling me, until I couldn’t sleep." 
"He knocked on your door?" Cane frowned. Joel or Finn must have stopped them to make such noise. 
"No. He called me in here." Zenith tapped his forehead. "His voice is in my head." 
Cane was surprised to hear that. It was well known that most of the Howling Wolf pack lost their ability to mindlink, but from Zenith and Zander’s explanation, Cane could tell, without doubt that what happened between them was indeed mind link. 
"Was that bad thing?" Zander asked, after he told his father how he discovered this ability for the first time, but he could only use it on Zenith. Probably, because they were twin? 
Cane would talk about this to Iris the next day, but unfortunately he forgot, until the discovery dragged to another week and then months. 
Zaya was eight months old now and she was a happy baby, but you would be able to notice one thing about her, that she didn’t like someone touched her hair, she would become fussy if they tried to tie her hair or put an accessory on her head. She would take it off. 
"Anneer..." Zaya babbled. 
"Hear that! Hear that! She said my name!" Zander was bouncing up and down when he heard that, he went to Joel and Finn to let them know about it, also to Ezgar, Rye and Zale. 
Zenith frowned. "Say Zenith." 
Iris giggled and bent her body slightly, while Zaya in her arms stretched out her arms toward Zenith, laughed happily to see her brother. The little one even twisted her body, she wanted to be carried by him. 
Zenith kissed her cheek. "I am dirty. I will play with you after my training, okay?" 
Just like usual, Iris came to see her sons training with Zaya, she also brought food for them to eat together and currently, Cane was the one, who trained the twins and the two boys had been complaining nonstop whenever it was their father, because Cane could be harsh in his training, since Joel and Finn would often slack off with them. 
"Ufhh... no... no..." Zaya stretched out her arms, wanted Zenith to pick her up and this time, he relented and carried her for a while before he went back to the training with Cane. 
Once the training was done, Zander and Zenith went to see their baby sister after they cleaned up themselves, who was now with Grilla, while Cane and Iris had some discussion inside the strategy room. 
"I have been wanting to tell you about this, but I kept forgetting to bring up the topic." Cane took off his clothes, because of how dirty it was. 
"What is it?" Iris came with a new set of clothes and helped Cane to wipe his body, there was no one there with them. 
"I think Zander and Zenith can do mindlink." 
Iris raised her brows. "What made you think that way?" 
Cane started to recall what the twin told him that night around three months ago and he was sure that they were mindlinking each other and they still did it until now. 
"What happened back then must only affect the people, who came in contact with the hazard, but it didn’t affect their children." That was Cane’s theory. 
"I think you are right about that." Iris thought about that. She had not yet touched the subject about mindlink and probably completely forgot about it, because there was no different for them and currently the situation was very peaceful. "I will look into it." 
Cane turned around and kissed the tip of her nose. "You don’t need to stress yourself about it. The warriors have lived this way and they have come into term with it. It’s good that the next generation could have this ability back. 
"Hm." Iris nodded. However, she had another concern. "How long have you learned about this?" 
"Three months or so." 
Worriedness flitted Iris’s eyes. She also heard from Ethan and Jace, also Redmond that Cane would forget a few things here and there. Lou was the one, who pointed it out first, but Iris brushed it off as something normal, since they had a lot of things to handle. 
"It’s nothing like that," Cane said, he hugged his mate. He knew what was in her mind and he didn’t like to see her being worried. "I am only being reckless because it has been very peaceful and joyful in the last few years, so I slacked off." Hence, he became a little bit forgetful. 
Iris hugged Cane tighter, she was still not convinced with that. 
Years ago, she used air magic stone on Cane after she lost the lycan to prevent him from having the same fate like Haco. 
But, Cane absorbed the air magic stone and this stunned Iris. In this case, you could say that the air magic stone had disappeared from this realm, but Iris couldn’t care less about it. 
"It’s not like that." Cane kissed her cheek. 
"You need to promise me to tell me everything if you felt something is off with your body, okay?" Iris lifted her head to look at him straight in his eyes. 
"Promise." Cane nodded. 
"Cane... I don’t know what I am going to do without you." Iris rested her head against his chest. "Please, take this matter seriously." 
Cane chuckled. "You are overthinking." He caressed her back. "I am here, where should I go when my family is here?" 
Iris didn’t respond to that, but suddenly the door was opened and Zenith burst inside the room, but he halted when he saw his mother and father. 
"Mommy, are you crying?" Zenith frowned. "Mommy, what happened?" 
Iris smiled to her son. "Nothing. Mommy is not crying." She looked cheerful again and this made Zenith relaxed. "What happened? You know that you should knock on the door, right?" 
"I am sorry," Zenith said, but he was too excited to tell them that Zaya finally called his name. "Come here! Come here! You need to hear it too!" 
It was not often to see Zenith was excited about something. 
The little boy took his mother and father’s hand and guided them out of the strategy room. Grilla greeted them and gave Zaya to Cane. The little baby giggled to see her father, as she kept babbling incoherently. 
Zaya gave Cane a kiss on his cheek and you could tell that she would have her father wrapped around her little fingers. 
Zaya had blue eyes like Iris and with her auburn hair, needless to say, she was really a mini version of her and no one would be able to say otherwise. 
She was a sweet baby, but a few years later, under the influence of her brothers you would see how mischievous she could be. 
And sometime, their children could give Iris and Cane a heart attack.
###Chapter 996: BONUS - : THE FIRST SHIFT
Chapter 996: BONUS Chapter: THE FIRST SHIFT
"Mama, why Zan and Zen are in pain?" Tears welled up in her beautiful eyes. She clung to her mother’s neck tightly. 
They were having a great time, listening to Iris’s story under the tree in a calm afternoon in the backyard garden when suddenly Zander and Zenith writhed in pain. 
Iris immediately knew that they were going through their first shift and based on what she learned, it could be quite painful and confusing for the little shifter to go through this milestone, thus they would need an adult shifter to guide them throughout the process. 
"Go with Joel, okay?" Iris coaxed Zaya, because she didn’t want her daughter to be traumatized with the sight. It was normal for the shifter to see this, but Zaya didn’t understand and she was too small for the explanation about why her brothers were in so much pain. 
Zaya was two years old when Zander and Zenith went through their first shift. 
"No. No. No..." She hugged Iris’s neck tightly, she didn’t want to let go, while crying, calling her brother and asked her mother to do something because they were in pain. 
"Finn has called the king. The king must be in the study room right now." Joel couldn’t get Zaya from her mother and she looked so scared. 
Meanwhile, Iris couldn’t leave her sons on their own. 
Thankfully, Cane came immediately once he learned about the situation and Zaya pointed her finger at her brothers. 
"Daddy... help! Help!" She cried, her little face turned very red and Cane came to her to give her a kiss on the cheek. 
"Don’t worry, they will be fine," Cane said and then came to his sons. 
With his mate was there, Iris went slightly away from them, so not to let Zaya watched it, but she refused to leave and make a fuss not to leave her brothers. 
"It’s okay baby, they will be fine, Daddy is there with them." Iris coaxed her, she wiped her tears, which seemed not ceasing down anytime soon. 
In the end, Iris settled to stand ten steps away from Cane, Zander and Zenith, while comforting Zaya, whose extremely worried about her brothers. 
From where they were standing, they couldn’t hear what Cane said to Zander and Zenith, but it seemed, the king was trying to help them to relax, so it would make the process easier. 
After that, Cane shifted into his black beast and nudged them, encouraging them throughout this painful process. It was Zenith, who shifted first into his beast, because Zander still couldn’t help, but resisted his beast. 
And from Iris’s point of view, she could see how their beast spirit matured and tried to blend with their human’s form. 
While Zenith already accepted it, Zander still struggled, but he followed through not long after. The two of them shifted into their beasts in less than an hour, which could be said as a quick process but because of how tensed the situation was, they felt hours had passed until they could breathe in relief. 
Joel and Finn congratulated the little beasts, so did Zephyr and Dean. They informed the other pack member about this news through mindlink. A year ago, Iris managed to restore this ability of them. 
"Wulf!" Zaya said excitedly, she twisted her body toward the three black beasts before them. She wanted to touch them, especially the two little beasts, who currently tried to get used with their new form. 
Even in their beast form, you could tell which one of the twins, despite they had the same black fur like their father. 
Zander’s beast bounced back and forth, rolling on the ground and chasing his own tail, Cane had to stop his little one from circling him and was being too excited. 
On the other hand, Zenith still felt weird with this shifting thing and Cane had to nudge him to move and try to walk, so he would get used to it. 
"Daddy!" Zaya rushed toward Cane once Iris put her down and their daughter hugged Cane’s beast. She liked it when she was able to see her father in this form. 
When Zaya was only one and a half, Cane had to stay in his beast form for almost a day, because she didn’t want to let him go and not let him to shift back into his human form. 
The poor king had to attend a tea party with Lil Thing hosted by Zaya, wearing wreath flowers. If it was someone else, Cane wouldn’t even entertain the idea and Lou teased him for this, which resulted for the merchant to be sent to the north to handle the business there for two months. 
Lou actually cried to Iris about this, but the queen only said; he brought it upon himself. 
In fact, Cane did the tea party thing with Lil Thing and Zaya until she was bored and interested in other things. 
"Daddy!" Zaya hugged the bigger beast and then walked toward Zander, she hugged her brother too. "Zan!" And after that she went to Zenith. "Zen!" She knew who was who and it was pretty impressive. 
In the end, they spent the rest of the afternoon together. Cane stayed with his sons and taught them how to hunt and not let their instinct distracted them. 
He did what his father did to him years ago and this brought back the past memories. 
Once they were done and the sun was already set, the three beasts returned and Cane helped them to shift back into their human form. 
"Daddy!" Zaya immediately rushed toward Cane and hugged him. Her auburn hair was tied into a pigtail and she looked adorable with her red ribbon. "Will I shift like you too?" 
Cane kissed her cheek. "I think you will be as powerful as your mother," he said. It was not a secret that she was not a shifter and Cane didn’t want to give her a false hope. 
"Owh, I can’t be a cute furry wulf?" 
"You will be a powerful little princess." Cane peppered her face small kisses until Zaya laughed and told her father to stop it. 
"Your stubble hurt mee..." Zaya said, she patted Cane’s chin. "It’s sharp." 
"Sorry, forgot to shave." Cane kissed her little palm. 
Meanwhile, Iris hel Zander and Zenith’s hand, as they talked about their first experience to shift into their beasts, the two of them were being loud and it was not often to see Zenith became a little bit talkative. 
Later that night, they had small celebration for Zander and Zenith, where the two of them got a magic box each from Lou. 
"Don’t give them weird thing," Iris warned Lou. 
"What?" Lou pretended to be offended, but Iris was over with his dramatic reaction. "I will never do that. Do you think I am a weird person?" 
"More or less." 
"Oh, I am hurt." He clutched his chest and Iris hit his shoulder and walked away to get Zaya, who was sleeping on Lil Thing, while Zander and Zenith were still excited telling people about their first shift. 
"I will bring her back," Aliana said when she approached Zaya at the same time with Iris. 
"No, it’s okay. I will get her back to her bedroom," Iris said and picked her baby up. She clutched on Lil Thing and when she picked her up and took her back to her bedroom, the bear also woke up and followed them. 
Right now, Lil Thing and Zaya was inseparable. The bear didn’t follow the twin as often, as it stayed with Zaya most of the time. 
An hour later, Cane took his twin to their bedroom and tucked them in before he joined Iris, but before that, he went to check on Zaya first and give her a goodnight kiss. 
"Now, I can have you for myself." Iris giggled, as she clung onto Cane’s neck. 
"I can say the same thing to you." Cane kissed Iris’s lips and took her to their bed. 
The night was very peaceful and their love making left them wondered of how grateful they could be in this point of life. 
Later that night, Cane heard a little bit noise from the bathroom that connected to this room. He glanced at Iris, who was sleeping peacefully and then went to see what was that only to find his sweet daughter was clutching onto Lil Thing’s fur, her little face turned red, as she was about to cry. 
"What happened, little one?" Cane immediately picked her up and brought her back to her bedroom with Lil Thing followed behind. 
"I have a nightmare..." Zaya started crying now she was in her father’s arms. 
"Nightmare?" Cane comforted his daughter, telling her that it was only a dream. She didn’t need to be worried about because no one would harm her here. 
"No..." Zaya hugged Cane’s tightly and he didn’t know what to do. It hurt to see his daughter was crying so hard like this, she even had a hard time to breath. 
Seeing her like this, Cane was thinking to wake Iris up and probably she could calm their daughter better than him. 
But thankfully, Zaya finally calmed down enough after Cane promised he wouldn’t go and stayed by her side. 
"Don’t go..." Zaya said, her voice hoarse and tears still streamed down her cheeks. 
"I will not go anywhere little one." Cane reassured her. "I will always be by your side." 
"Promise?" Zaya hiccuped and snuggled against Cane’s chest. 
"Promise." Cane then asked what she was dreaming about. 
"You left."
###Chapter 997: BONUS - : A GOOD KING
Chapter 997: BONUS Chapter: A GOOD KING
"We will be in a lot of trouble," Zenith said in low voice, he warned his twin brother, who looked very excited. If he was in this high spirited mood, no one would be able to talk sense into his thick head. 
"Don’t worry! I have thought about that, that’s why we bring Zaya with us!" Zander hugged Zaya. Their little sister just turned five now. "Father will not punish us harshly because he will punish Za too. Father will not have a heart to punish our cute little sister." 
People could tell that Zaya had the king wrapped around her little fingers and Cane had soft spot for her. Her twin brothers loved her so much too, but they used to use her as a shield, every time they got into trouble, especially Zander and Zaya loved her brother so much to let them be punished properly. 
"You will put her into trouble." 
"She will be our shield against father’s rage." 
"What about not make him angry in the first place." Zenith then glanced at Lou. They were currently hiding behind the bushes. "Uncle Lou will chew us out." 
Zander waved his hand to dismissed his concern. "I heard he is going to the east, they built this new city there and from what I heard there are a lot of food and amusement, people from Karam and Andelus Continent gathered there to do business and uncle Lou will go there to inspect the space." 
"We can ask father to take us there." 
"I want to try the portal." 
"We have tried it before." 
"But Za have not." Zander then shifted his attention toward his little sister. "Right Za?" 
"I want to try it too," Zaya parroted what Zander said and she got a tight hug from her brother. 
"That’s my sister!" Zander kissed her cheek and she giggled, but he reminded her to be quiet, because right now Lou was going to create a portal to go to the east. 
Lou used to create a portal in the same spot, that’s why Zander knew where to go and when the merchant entered the portal, usually it would stay open for another five seconds, that was the time for them to sneak in and follow him. 
"Let’s go now!" Zander said, he picked up Zaya and carried her in his arms, so Zenith couldn’t do anything. 
Zenith planned to keep Zaya and let Zander went alone, but his twin brother seemed to read his plan and he took the precaution. 
Therefore, Zenith didn’t have any other choice, but to follow his crazy plan. This was not the first time he did this though... 
More so, Zaya looked happy with this new adventure. Not like what people thought of this little girl, where they expected her to be a timid and shy child like her mother, as it turned out, she was as mischievous as her two older brothers. 
One time their mother said that she felt like she had three sons instead. 
"Woah! This is amazing!" Zander was fascinated by the sight before his eyes. There were a lot of big houses being built and so many people from different continent. You would be able to tell from the way they dressed and what was more important was; they could smell a lot of delicious scent in the air. 
The snacks sold in the stalls also looked very appetizing. 
Even Zenith had to admit he was mesmerized by the sight. This was very different from the capital city, where everything looked very classic and rather ancient. 
"Zan, I want that..." Zaya said, she pointed her finger at the red candy sold at one of the stalls. "Zan, I want that." 
Zander grimaced. "But, I don’t bring money." 
Zenith lost it, he covered Zaya’s ears, so she wouldn’t hear him cursing at Zander. "How can you not bring any money with you when you were the one, who suggested to go to this place?" He was in disbelief with his brother’s recklessness. 
"Eleven years old kid doesn’t bring money around, okay." 
However, the three of them startled when they felt this strong aura from behind them, as if they were prey and was being hunted. 
"What the hell are you doing here?!" Lou didn’t believe with what he was seeing. 
He heard their squabble and he thought he only misheard it, but decided to check because he also heard Zaya’s voice. He wouldn’t put pass them that they followed him here, especially Zander and Zenith, the two of them were on their rebellious state and had been acting out often lately. 
"Uncle Lou!" Zaya called him sweetly, she raised both of her arms, her blue eyes shone brightly and under the sunlight, her auburn hair made her look like she was on fire. "Uncle Lou, up! Up!" 
The little girl asked him to be picked up with her sweet smile, how could Lou have a heart to refuse her? 
Begrudgingly Lou picked Zaya up from Zander’s arms and continued to scold the two of them. "Do you even know what you are doing?! You even bring your little sister here!" 
Zander and Zenith lowered their head. The third person that they were scared of aside from their mother and father was this uncle. 
But obviously, it didn’t stop them from doing what they did now. Lou wondered where they got all this curiosity that led them into trouble. 
"Your father is going to kill you when he learned about this, especially if he knew you got your sister involved in this!" Lou felt his head was spinning. Cane might hang him as well. He was very protective of his daughter, more than he did to his mate now. Well, to be fair, Iris was more than capable to protect herself. "Do you know what you are doing?!" 
Zenith still kept his head low, but he glared at his twin brother, while Zander didn’t make a peep. 
It was Zaya, who spoke for them. "Uncle, you scared Za. Don’t be angry, okay?" A kiss landed on Lou’s cheek. "Za wanted to go, Zan said there are a lot of delicious food here." 
"Knowing your father, he will definitely deliver a dozen carriages if you really wanted something, Za. You only need to ask him." 
"But, Za missed uncle. Za wanted to go on trip with uncle Lou." Zaya hugged Lou’s neck and gave his other cheek a kiss as well, which rendered the merchant speechless. "Uncle, uncle, Za wanted that candy." She pointed the candy that she wanted earlier. 
In the end, Lou relented. "I will save my energy to scold you, because your father will do it later." He then walked toward the stall and bought the three of them the candy. 
"See? I told you, Zaya is the best. If she was with us, there is nothing we need to be worried about." Zander smirked smugly at Zenith and then patted his shoulder, as if he was an old person. "Stop frowning and enjoy this trip before we faced our father’s wrath." 
Zander was too carefree and sometime, Zenith felt like to smack his head, but more importantly, he wondered how could he always get involved with Zander’s plan, even though he didn’t want it. 
In the end, Lou had to bring the three children in his meeting with the merchant from Karam continent. 
And when they returned, just like they had predicted, they met with the livid king and queen. Lou had a second thought to create a portal and flee from there, but he remembered the magic stone with him was not enough, or else, he would have sent them back right away. 
He was going to miss his meeting if he had to send them back first and get more magic stone after. 
"Hey! Don’t be mad with me! Not my fault! Not my fault!" Lou immediately explained the situation quickly. 
"Daddy!" Zaya wriggled her body from Lou’s arms and rushed toward her father, but Cane didn’t pick her up. "Daddy? Daddy is angry?" Zaya pursed her lips. 
"Go back with your mother," Cane said. He knew that he wouldn’t be able to get to his sons with Zaya was there. 
Iris immediately picked Zaya up and scolded her, as she walked back to the pack house. Lou tailed behind her, he exclaimed that he didn’t bring them intentionally. He didn’t want to get scolded by the king too. 
"You are in a grief trouble, sons." Cane’s voice was hard and commanded their full attention, making them realized how big of trouble they got themselves into, especially without Zaya there to appease their father’s rage. 
As the punishment, the two of them would get into more training and learned the state affair sooner, which made Zander and Zenith groaned in frustration, because they didn’t like it, since it would cut off their play time. 
Meanwhile, for Zaya, she was not allowed to go out for a day, but Lil Thing would accompany her to play. 
"Daddy, mommy, I am sorry..." Zaya apologized and it melted Cane and Iris’s heart. "Can I go out to play." She looked at them with her big, innocent eyes. 
"No." Cane and Iris replied at the same time firmly. She couldn’t get away with everything by acting cute. 
One night, Zander approached his father. "Should I learn about all of these?" He was fed up. 
"Yes. You are going to be responsible to a lot of people’s lives." 
"I don’t think I will be a good king like you," Zander sounded dejected. 
Cane caressed his head. "I don’t think I am a good king too."
###Chapter 998: BONUS - : AFTER A LONG JOURNEY
Chapter 998: BONUS Chapter: AFTER A LONG JOURNEY
"Mama! Mama! Mama!" Zaya ran in the corridor hastily, her curly, long, auburn hair was tied into a high ponytail. Her cloak fluttered around her ankle, as out there the sky was so bleak, though it was afternoon. Winter was here and Zander and Zenith’s sixteen birthday would come in a few months. 
Iris turned her body around when she heard Zaya’s urgent voice, she sounded like she was going to cry. 
Currently, Iris was with Aliana, talking about the problem with the foodstuff. There was nothing major, this was annual matter, since the winter was here. 
"Mama! You need to see Lil Thing!" Zaya cried by the time she reached her mother, she tugged her hand to follow her. 
"What happened?" Iris frowned. 
"I think Lil Thing is sick," Zale said, he was Zaya’s personal warrior now. He grew up into a fine man and even though he still used to run his mouth as he pleased, he had toned it down now and looked calmer. "The bear is making weird sound." 
Iris immediately rushed with Zaya and Zale, while Aliana came with them as well. 
"Mama... what happened with Lil Thing?" Zaya cried, she hugged Aliana, while Iris checked on the bear. It had been a while, since the bear was too lazy to move, but then Lil Thing was always like that, thus they didn’t notice anything strange with it. 
"Don’t worry, honey," Iris said in her reassuring tone. "Lil Thing only sick, it will be fine." 
Zaya let go of Aliana and approached Lil Thing, she hugged the white bear and cried. Lil Thing stopped making that weird noise after Iris checked on it, but the bear still looked lethargic. 
"I will ask Penny to make a concoction, okay? It will help Lil Thing to feel better." Iris wiped Zaya’s tears, as she nodded and hugged Lil Thing. 
Iris caressed Lil Thing’s head, scratched his single ear and the bear opened its eyes to look at her. there was this complicated feeling that reflected in the queen’s eyes. After that, she went out with Aliana, while Zale comforted her little girl. 
"How is Lil Thing?" Aliana asked, because she could see the word that Iris couldn’t say in front of Zaya. 
"Lil Thing is already so old. The aftermath of the war caught up to it." 
"The children will be devastated." Aliana knew how much the three of them loved the bear, Lil Thing was practically their protector when they were little and were there in every milestone. 
Iris felt so bad. No matter how powerful she was, there were still things that she couldn’t prevent. 
When Zander and Zenith learned about Lil Thing, the two of them came to Zaya’s bedroom and spent the whole night to console her. The two of them were very sad as well. 
After that, Zaya practically didn’t go out of her room for days, she tried to nurse Lil Thing with the concoction that Penny made, she read for the bear. 
Iris would come to check on her and Lil Thing too, but there was nothing much she could do aside to alleviate the pain from the poor bear. 
She could heal illness, but she couldn’t prevent death. 
Iris talked about this with Zaya, but she would end up crying and this broke her heart to see her baby girl was being so upset. 
While Cane would come to visit her every night, Zander and Zenith would come every now and then every time they had free time, so did Lou. 
"Uncle, can’t you do something for Lil Thing?" Zaya clung onto Lou’s neck, she hugged the merchant and started crying again. 
"I am sorry, Zaya." Lou caressed her back. "Lil Thing is very old now. He is tired and need to rest." 
"But Lil Thing always sleeps. It barely moved. Lil Thing even lazier than me, why it needs to rest?" 
"Well. You got the point." Lou furrowed his brows. "But, Lil Thing is old already, if Lil Thing were human, it will be as old as Grilla." 
"But, Grilla is still alive." 
The merchant was lost for word. This was why he didn’t like children, they were very noisy, but then if there was time when he had to lay his life for these children, he would do it without hesitation. 
After a month, Lil Thing’s health deteriorated fast and the winter came. From the window, you would be able to see the snowflake and Zaya was reading a story for Lil Thing, she snuggled against it. 
Later that night, Cane came to Zaya’s bedroom after he finished with the matter for the day, just like her brother, she also moved from her childhood bedroom to the room that she chose. 
"Daddy..." Zaya hugged her father, as she cried because Lil Thing didn’t want to eat. Her face turned red and her hair was messy. She didn’t like anyone to touch her hair, only a few people that she allowed to do it. 
And it was obvious that Cane was among them. Zaya found her father’s hand was comforting, as he patted her back. 
"Daddy, Lil Thing keeps sleeping," Zaya sobbed. "I have given it the concoction that Penny made, but it still looks tired." Zaya lifted her head and tears streamed down her face, it hurt the king to see his daughter’s heartbreak. "Can you do something?" 
"Zaya..." Cane called her name gently, he sat her down on his lap and kissed her forehead. "Lil Thing is already old, it needs to rest." 
Iris and the other people had brought this topic to her gently, so she wouldn’t be too shock. 
Zaya shook her head. "No..." Yet, the concept of death was still foreign for her. She had never experienced anyone close to her leave forever, thus it was hard for her to discern it. "Daddy, why people have to die? Why Lil Thing has to die? Can’t it live forever?" 
Cane combed his fingers against her hair and tied up her hair into a simple bun. He stared at her daughter’s sad face and it reminded that little girl that he saw years ago in one of his illusions. That little girl was also crying like her. 
"It’s okay to feel sad, sweety." Cane kissed her cheek. "We can’t keep Lil Thing forever, but it doesn’t mean you are going to lose it."
Zaya hiccuped. She stared at her father, but her tears still fell on her cheeks. "I can’t be with Lil Thing again if it died." 
"Yes," Cane replied and he could see his answer broke her heart, but then he continued. "You and your brother have taken care of Lil Thing for so long. Lil Thing has been your friends all this time, maybe it’s time for your big sister to play with the bear?" 
"Big sister Rora and Chrystal?" Zaya blinked her eyes. She knew that she had two big sisters, who had gone to heaven. 
"Yes." Cane smiled. "I think it’s their turn to take care of Lil Thing." 
Zaya hugged Cane tightly. "But, they didn’t know Lil Thing like I do... I don’t want Lil Thing to go." 
"I know, my love. I don’t want it to go too." Cane hugged her back tightly. He caressed her back gently. 
On the second months of winter, Lil Thing’s body shrunk, it was the size of puppy. Zaya was shocked to see it and immediately rushed to find her mother. 
Thankfully, Lou was also there and he explained to her. 
"It’s okay. Lil Thing is very tired, so it doesn’t have the energy to preserve its chubby size." 
Lou, Iris and Cane came to Zaya’s bedroom to see Lil Thing. It happened once in the past when they were in the middle of the battle and Lil Thing exhausted itself to fight the enemy. 
Lou took off his red cloak and covered Lil Thing’s small body with it. He cradled the bear in his arms. It was like years ago when he found this bear for the first time. 
"That’s why I named it Lil Thing," Lou said, he handed Lil Thing to Zaya, who hugged the bear closely and kissed its muzzle. 
Lil Thing opened its eyes and let out small noises before it closed them and fell asleep again. 
Out there, it started to snow and the wind became colder, as if time was passing slowly. 
Zenith and Zander’s birthday came, but they didn’t celebrate it lavishly like usual. The three of them were not in the right mood for a celebration and wanted to spend their time with Lil Thing. 
It was a bright day, at the end of winter, where the snow was starting to melt and the air was not too cold and the sprouts were starting to grow when Lil Thing breathed its last breath in Iris’ arms. 
Iris tried to preserve the bear’s life, but it had reached its end. 
"Say goodbye to Lil Thing, okay..." Iris said softly to her crying daughter. 
Zander and Zenith came closer, while Cane and Lou stood by the side. There were Ethan, Jace and a few more people inside Zaya’s room. 
"I love you, Lil Thing... my big sisters will take care of you, okay?" Zaya kissed Lil Thing and the bear licked her cheek for the last time. 
The bear was warm and surrounded by the people it loved too. The lazy bear finally rested after a long journey. 
"It’s okay, Za. Rora and Chrystal take care of Lil Thing," Zenith said in his deep voice, as he hugged Zaya tightly and his sister cried against his chest.
###Chapter 999: BONUS - : YOU WILL BE FINE
Chapter 999: BONUS Chapter: YOU WILL BE FINE
Zaya was sad after she lost Lil Thing, she refused to go out of her room and would often ask Zale to take her to Lil Thing’s grave, which happened near their family burial. She would talk to her sisters to take care of Lil Thing. 
Sometimes, it would be Zenith or Zander who accompanied her there and her father or mother, but Zaya still felt very sad. Lucia tried to cheer her up, but despite everyone’s effort, there was no improvement. 
People missed her cheekiness and the sound of her laughter and Cane reduced his working time to spend it with his little one, yet most of the time, Zaya would be sleeping, she would hug him and sleep away her sadness. This trait reminded Cane of his mate. 
Understandably because this was the first time for Zaya to face death. Her first experience of the mortality, her first understanding that everything had its own time. 
"Do you want to go with me to the east city?" Cane asked Zaya one day. It was the second month since they lost Lil Thing and no matter what they tried to cheer her up, it didn’t work. 
Iris would check on her daughter from time to time, but Zaya would be sleeping if she didn’t go to the burial ground and put new flowers for their family and Lil Thing. 
"I don’t want to go," Zaya said, she rested her head on Cane’s lap, as she went to find her father in his strategy room. 
"I will go for a month, don’t you want to accompany me?" Cane caressed Zaya’s head. He was one among a few people that she allowed to touch her hair. 
When she was little, Cane would style her hair often. Her father still did it now, but not as often as before. 
"Zander will go with you..." Zaya said sleepily. 
"Okay." Cane didn’t insist. "But, I would love for you to come. I remembered you sneaked around to follow Lou when you were little to go to east city. Don’t you want to see it now?" 
The construction of the city has been completed now and Cane would go there to inspect the area. He would go with Zander because his son had to see with his own eyes the kingdom that they built, while Zenith would stay in the palace and learn how to take care of the state fair. 
"I want to see it," Zaya said suddenly with her eyes still close. 
"Okay." Cane kissed his daughter’s cheek and soon after, Zaya fell asleep and not so long, Iris came to bring him his lunch. 
Cane had been very busy, because he put on hold all the non urgent matter to stay with Zaya and now it caught up to him. 
Zenith and Zander would give his father a look whenever Cane added more task. 
’You are not going to retire soon, father,’ Zander complained one day. ’I feel like I am running the kingdom now.’ That was only their firstborn remarked whenever he was frustrated. 
But thankfully they understood that their little sister needed their father more at time like this. 
On the other hand, Zander didn’t seem to like his new responsibility and the fact he was going to be the new sovereign in the future. 
He still wanted to be free of responsibility and duty, which he couldn’t do it. It was fortunate enough that Zenith was there to keep his twin in check whenever he was going to astray and had this mischievous plan like they used to when they were little. 
"How is she?" Iris asked, as she approached her daughter and caressed her head. Zaya was sleeping soundly. 
"She agreed to go with me to the east city," Cane said, he leaned over to kiss Iris’s cheeks. His gaze laced with so much love. 
Some people, mostly the eldest, suggested for him to take a mistress or two, since it was normal for the king to have more than one woman, but the thought of it alone disgusted Cane. He was not going to start the tradition that he was very against with. 
And when their noisy sound became louder, Cane shut them up with a new decree; A shifter should wait for their destined mate or they could choose one, a mistress was not acceptable, since a shifter should be a monogamy being, that was why they had their destined mate, someone that was blessed by the moon goddess to spend forever with you. 
The decree was proven to be very effective to stop them from running their mouth wildly. 
How could Cane be thinking of being with another woman aside from the mother of his children, the woman that he chose to be by his side, someone, who gave him an honor to share her time together. 
The old tradition didn’t fit with Cane’s vision for the future kingdom. 
"I am going to miss you all," Iris said in small voice. "I will ask Lou to bring you back as often as he could." It would only take the merchant a minute to cut the distance between the capital city and the east city. 
Cane smirked when he heard that. "Lou will throw a tantrum." 
Iris chuckled. "Well, you like it when you gave him a hard time." 
"It’s the other way around." 
Cane and Iris spent their afternoon talked with each other, while Zaya was sleeping soundly, she was only woken up for a while to eat her meal and then fall asleep again. 
Iris couldn’t come because she had to be by Zenith’s side, as he took care the state matter and stayed in the palace. 
This would be Zander’s first time to go out with his father and it also remarked as the king to introduce his heir to the public. 
When they were in the middle of the conversation, Zander knocked on the door and entered the room after Cane gave him permission. 
"Don’t be too loud, your sister is sleeping." Cane pointed Zaya, who was curling herself on the sofa. 
Zander approached his sister and kissed her forehead lightly before he went to his father and gave him the report that he needed. 
"I can’t believe this, you forgot about this again," Zander said in light tone, but Iris caught it and her expression changed. Cane brushed it off. 
"There are a lot of things that I have to take care of." Cane added. "I am getting old too." 
"Nonsense." Zander sat down on the sofa and put Zaya’s head on his lap, as he caressed her long hair. Her curls looked so cute. "You will rule at least until I gave you two grandchildren." 
Iris chuckled at that, but it didn’t get rid the concern look in her eyes. 
"I am not going to hand over the kingdom after I was too old to even walk," Cane said. He was going to spend his days with Iris, walked around the continent, not spending it on his death bed and chained there because he was too old for a journey. 
Zander pursed his lips. The idea of taking the throne still bothered him. "Zenith suits more to be the king," he mumbled under his breath. Unlike his brother, he didn’t know what he was doing and used to lost his track. 
Yet, Iris and Cane were sitting too far to hear that. 
A few days later, they went to east city. Lou created the portal for them and he took them to the same place he brought them a few years back, but this time, all the construction was done and everything looked new and amazing. 
Lou was satisfied with his work and Cane agreed the merchant had done a great job. 
"Here. For you." Lou handed a white rabbit to Zaya, once they arrived at their inn. "Don’t cry anymore." 
Zaya’s eyes lit up and she hugged her rabbit. "Thank you, uncle Lou." She pulled Lou’s cloak, so he would bend his body, because she wanted to kiss him, but the merchant refused. 
Seeing that, Cane grabbed his nape and made him bent down, so his daughter could give him a kiss. 
"Cane!" Lou growled. 
They spent the day by inspecting a few things and met with a few merchants. Cane made Zander aware of the situation here and how the business worked. 
The next few days, they were busy to talk more with people. 
"What happened?" Cane approached Zander after he put Zaya to sleep. He felt something off from his firstborn. He knew because this was not how Zander used to behave. He had been anxious the whole time, fidgeting and uncomfortable. 
"Nothing."
Cane stood next to him in the balcony and it didn’t take long for him to make his son to open up about the matter that bothered him. 
"I don’t think I cut to be a king." He then added. "Zenith is more king material than me." 
The more he learned about the state affair, the more he could see his father’s accomplishment and he didn’t think he was going to reach such level of achievement. 
"Why do you think so?" 
"I am a mess." 
It stemmed from his belief that he was not going to be as good as his father, since he learned about how remarkable what his father had done to this kingdom. This east city was the proof of that. 
"You are my greatest mess then." Cane ruffled his hair like when he was a child. "You will be fine. I know you will be fine."
###Chapter 1000: BONUS - : WE WILL BE FINE
Chapter 1000: BONUS Chapter: WE WILL BE FINE
"I am proud of you since the first time I saw you and I still do now." Cane ruffled Zander’s hair. He watched how his son struggled with the thought of this huge responsibility. 
"I don’t know how to be a king." 
"I don’t know either," Cane replied. 
"Father, you made a history. You and mother saved this kingdom from calamity and people worshiped you." Zander was desperate. "From south to north, people will only talk good thing about you." 
Zander dreaded the thought that people would compare him and his father, but more importantly, he didn’t know what he was doing if his father didn’t tell him what to do. He was at lost. 
"Look." Zander waved his hand at their surroundings. "You built everything from the scratch. You know what to do, but I don’t even know what I am doing here." 
"Son." Cane placed his hand on his shoulder to stop him from breaking down even more. "I didn’t do any of this out of duty. I want to be a king because I realized only with power I can protect the people that important to me." 
Zander pressed his lips, his habit whenever he was being frustrated and had a hard time to compose his words. 
"You are powerful father." 
Cane shook his head. "I am not. I am far from that." He stared at the distance. "If I am powerful, I wouldn’t have lost your twin sisters." 
Zander fell silent. He knew the story about Rora and Chrystal, their mother told them about their twin sisters, who were only a year older than them. 
"I almost lost your mother too. More than once." Cane tilted his head and looked at his son. "I am not powerful, but I will do anything to protect the people that I loved, that’s how I know what kind of path I am going to take." 
Zander still didn’t say anything, but he lifted his head and looked at the distance. He watched how quiet the night was. 
"You don’t need in hurry to figure it out. You are going to figure it out one day." 
"What if I can’t be like you?" Zander turned his head and looked at his father. "What if I chose different path from you?" 
"As long as you did it because you wanted to protect the people, do it." Cane smiled at him. "I chose different path from my father too." 
Zander fell into silent again. 
"Things changed, Zan. The choice that I made today, might not be the best decision when you wanted to follow it in the future. The opportunity and chance that I have today, might be very different from yours. 
There is no textbook of how to be a proper king. As long as you became a decent man, you are already half way there." 
Cane hugged his firstborn. He remembered how small he was when the first time he held him and his brother in his arms, but right now, sixteen years had passed and they turned into great young men. 
Zander hugged his father back tightly. 
=============================== 
The protection around the king and his two children were very tight and all the people gathered on the side of the street to see a glimpse of them. 
"Oh, the daughter looks exactly like the queen!" 
"Yeah, and the son is a splitting image of the king, aside from his blue eyes and his curly hair!" 
"Princess Zaya is so adorable!" 
"I wondered who would be the lucky girl to be the destined mate of prince Zander!" 
"I heard he has a younger brother." 
"I heard they are twin." 
"Yes, I think the queen gave birth to twin." 
"No, the queen gave birth to the older one a year prior." 
"No, that’s their twin sister, who died during the war, the queen gave birth to twin boy after that." 
"That’s not what I heard." 
Most people in the east city came from the other continent. They came here to get an opportunity to do business and trade and Cane welcomed them all, since he really needed to raise the population of the continent. Afte the war, more than seventy percent of the shifters died, even now, their number was still not significant compared to the people from outside of the continent. 
The elder people suggested to bring back the old tradition, to have mistresses for men, in that way, it would help to raise the number of their population. 
But, Cane shot down the suggestion with disgust. 
"Father, we will stay in that inn again, right?" Zaya asked, the three of them were inside the carriage and his daughter looked more cheerful to see so many people and attractions. 
"Why?" Zander asked curiously because his sister had been beaming, since yesterday. 
"I met with a cute boy around Rye’s age. He was very shy, but when he smiled, there are two dimples on his cheeks." Zaya raised her rabbit that she got from Lou. "He gave my bunny this!" She showed the ribbon around the rabbit’s neck. "I like him and he said, he likes me too!" 
"We will not stay in that inn," Zander scoffed. 
"Why?" 
"I can make more beautiful ribbon than that," Zander claimed. 
"You don’t even know how to tie a lace." 
Zander shrugged. "You can only like me." 
If there was something that urgently needed to work on from Zander before he took the throne, it must be his childish side. 
============================ 
"You have not done yet?" Iris approached Zenith, who was staring at the distance, a bunch of report on the table next to him. 
Zenith lifted his head and looked at his mother, who came with a tray of meal. He skipped his dinner again. 
"You don’t need to, mother." Zenith immediately took the tray from his mother and helped her to sit down. 
"Did your father leave you with so many assignments?" Iris stared at the piles of parchment. 
Zenith shook his head. "He seemed to forget about them." 
There it was, he had been observing that his mother would make that look whenever he mentioned about his father’s recklessness, his father had done this a couple of time and now it became noticeable, especially when Zenith was very observant. 
"Mother. You can tell me the truth. What actually is going on?" He waited for his mother to open up with him. "You can’t brush it off as father’s recklessness, but I know it’s more than that." 
============================= 
After one month in the east city, Cane and the other finally returned and Iris and Zenith waited for them at the spot where Lou used to use his portal. 
"Mother!" Zaya looked happier than the last time she left, she rushed toward her mother and hugged her before she went to Zenith and hugged him too. "I missed you!" 
"We missed you too, sweety," Iris said gently, as she caressed her cheek and then went to see her mate and her other son, while Zaya showed her rabbit to Zenith. "How’s in the east?" 
"Not really nice. I didn’t have you there." Cane kissed Iris’s forehead. They were still like this even after being together for almost two decades and three children. 
"How’s there?" Iris asked Zander. "Were you having fun?" 
"Father gave me a lot of tasks," Zander grumbled. 
"Hey, no one happy to see me?" Lou crossed his arms in front of his chest and Iris chuckled. 
"You have been here back and forth, I just saw you two days ago," Iris said. "Try to disappear for a whole month and I probably will miss you." 
Lou scrunched his nose and walked away. He refused to bring Cane or the children with him when he returned, because he always stated they were busy. 
"Zen! You need to go the east too! The place is wonderful!" Zaya then told him everything, as they walked back to the pack house. "One day, let’s go together, all of us!" 
"Yes, let’s go together," Cane said, as he picked Zaya up and kissed the tip of her nose. 
"She is big already, you can’t pick her up like she was a baby," Iris said lightly. 
"She will always be my baby." Cane then added playfully. "The two of you as well." 
"No, thanks." Zander and Zenith replied at the same time. They didn’t want their father babied them. 
Unfortunately, their plan to go to the east city together had never happened, because a week after that, Cane’s health declined. He spent most of his time inside the bedroom and Iris would always be by his side to take care of him. 
Zander, Zenith and Zaya would come often to check on their father, but Cane used to sleep when they came over. 
"Is father sleeping?" Zander asked Iris when he entered the bedroom. He stared at the king’s bed, which built with four pillars, but there was this valance that hid his father from their sight. 
"Yes. He just slept after he took his medicine," Iris replied. She squeezed her son’s hand. "He will be fine. You don’t need to worry, for the meantime, I am sorry to bother you with the state affair." 
Zander knew his mother was lying. "Okay." He nodded. 
Later that night, Zaya came to their bedroom, she was carrying her bunny. "Mother, why father sleeps all the time?" She sat next to Cane, staring at her father’s face with sadness in her eyes. 
"Because father is recuperating," Iris replied. 
"Will he go like Lil Thing?" Zaya kissed the tip of Cane’s nose. "Will he go?"
###Chapter 1001: BONUS - : REMEMBER ME
Chapter 1001: BONUS Chapter: REMEMBER ME
"I will not let him go, honey." Iris approached Zaya and she hugged her mother, tears welled up in her eyes, because she was too afraid of the possibility that might happen to her father. She didn’t want to lose him. 
"I don’t want father to die." A single tear streamed down Zaya’s eyes when she said that. It was traumatizing for her to watch how Lil Thing left her, but she was terrified to think she was not going to see her father again. 
"I don’t want too, dear." Iris kissed the top of Zaya’s head. She was glad that Cane was sleeping right now and didn’t wake up, because he would be heartbroken to see his little princess cried like this. "He will be fine. He will be fine honey." 
Zaya lifted her head and looked at her mother through her teary eyes. "Promise?" 
Iris kissed the tip of her nose, but she didn’t answer her. 
For the next couple of weeks, Zander had to mature overnight, because Cane couldn’t handle the state affair effectively. 
Thankfully, there were a lot of people that helped him to go through this. Lou, Ethan and Jace had never left his side and everyone would jump in to help the young future king to tackle some problems. 
Iris would always be there for her children too, but the rest of her time would be with Cane. 
Zander got all the help that he needed, but still, he missed his father dearly. He wanted him to teach him like usual. He missed their late night discussion. 
Zaya would come to her father’s bedroom often to read for him. She would bring a bunch of flowers in her arms to replace the previous one. 
"Good morning, Zaya," Carla greeted her when she saw she hugged a flower bouquet. "Do you need help?" 
"Good morning, Carla. No, thank you," she said cheerfully. 
"Visiting the king again?" 
"Yes." Zaya nodded. "Father likes these flowers, yesterday he was smiling when I brought the flower." 
"I am sure, he was smiling because he saw you." 
Zaya chuckled and then waved at Carla, as she hastened her pace and asked Dean to knock on the door because she couldn’t do it. 
"Do you need help, princess?" 
"No, thank you." Zaya was beaming when she heard her father’s voice from inside the room. "Father!" She rushed toward her father. He looked fine. 
In some day, he would appear fine, but the other day, he would look sick. That day would be the hardest day for Zaya, because she cried so hard, scared that she was going to lose him. 
"How are you feeling, father?" Zaya giggled when Cane scooped her up and took her to the windowsill, he placed her on his lap. "This is for you! I remember that you said that you like this flower!" 
"Thank you, love." Cane kissed the tip of her nose and took the flower. "This is beautiful. What flower is this?" 
Zaya’s smile faltered for a second before she said brightly. "Arella flower." She had told her father about the name of the flower before, but once again, her father forgot about it. 
"Beautiful name. Thank you." 
Iris was not here with Cane, since she must be with Zander and Zenith to take care some matter. This was a hard time for their family, but she stayed strong for all of them and Cane couldn’t be more grateful for his mate. 
"Are you going to read me story?" Cane saw the book that peeked from her pocket. 
"Yes." Zaya nodded. "I will continue where we left yesterday, okay?" 
Cane was smiling. He didn’t say anything when Zaya started telling him the story that he didn’t remember, but it was enough for him to hear his daughter’s voice. 
He couldn’t care less about the monster and the little girl, but he cared so much for this little girl on his lap. 
"Father, I love you." Zaya stared at her father after she finished reading. 
"I love you too, my love." 
"What if you didn’t remember me?" Zaya bit her lip, she didn’t want to cry, but her heart was so hurt. She dreaded the thought. 
"I will always love you, Zaya. Even if there was come a day where I can’t remember you, but I will never forget how much I love you." 
Cane caressed her chubby cheeks, her hair was unkempt, because she didn’t want anyone else to touch her hair and only her father was allowed to style it. She didn’t even want her brother to do it and Iris would be the one, who would do her hair aside from Cane, but today she was busy. 
"You are the joy in my life. You and your brother are the happiness that I could ask for. You are the greatest thing that your mother gave to me, a family. I will always remember that, even if my mind lost its ability to remember, my heart will never forget. I will remember you with my heart. I love you, my dear little princess." 
Zaya hugged her father tightly. She didn’t want to let go. "I love you too, father. We will go to the east city again, right? This time we will go with Zenith and mother."
"Alright." Cane caressed her hair and hugged his daughter back. He would do everything to cherish and remember this moment with his family. 
Later that night, Zander came to see his father and this time, Iris just finished giving a bowl of concoction for Cane to drink. 
"Who is he?" Cane asked, he narrowed his eyes at Zander and then looked Iris. "I feel familiar with him." 
Zander put a brave smile when he approached his father, but his heart was bleeding. 
"I am your son, father. Your firstborn. The most intelligent and brave young man, the future king of this kingdom. Seriously, father. I am someone, who is so hard to be forgotten," he said it lightly. "Zander Nortern. The future king, remember me now?" 
Cane smiled when he heard that, but he didn’t say anything whether he remembered him or not. Iris then caressed his cheek to get his attention. "He is our son, love." 
Cane’s eyes lit up when he heard that and then looked at Zander closely now. "You are a fine young man." 
"Of course!" Zander cheerfully, but he clenched his fists tightly beside his body, as he approached his father and sat down in front of him. "Do you feel like to go on a picnic?" 
"A picnic?" 
"Hm." Zander leaned his body and made his voice sounded mysterious to incite his father’s curiosity. "You promised Zaya to go to east city together, the five of us! A big family picnic!" 
Cane stared at Zander, his gaze softened. "You have a nice voice." 
Zander felt like he swallowed a lump. "Excuse me," he murmured and then turned around to leave the room. 
"Why he left?" Cane tilted his head. 
"There must be something important that he has to do." Iris kissed Cane’s cheek. "What do you think about a picnic to the east city?" 
Cane looked at Iris. He stretched out his hand and touched her curls. He liked the feeling when her hair intertwined between his fingers. 
"I would love to go." 
=============================== 
Jace and Ethan were there when they were going to leave the capital city. They reassured Iris to have a great family time together and they would take care of the matter in the palace. 
"Don’t worry," Ethan said, hugging Iris and kissed her cheek. "Have fun and don’t forget to bring a lot of food when you returned." 
Iris laughed to hear his request. "I am worried about Lou." Lou didn’t come to see them off because he was caught up with a few meetings with merchant from Karam continent. "He can be very impulsive." 
"There is nothing for you to be worried about. I keep my eyes on him," Jace reassured her. 
And from behind, Zaya and Cane walked toward them, she was holding her father’s hand and looked very happy because her father styled her hair. She was talking about random thing, while Cane listened to her chatter, smiling at the sight of his little girl. 
"Please, take care of him," Ethan said. He looked very solemn when he stared at Cane. The people, who were close to them knew about what happened with Cane and it broke their hearts. 
Jace approached Cane and Zaya. 
"Good morning, princess," Jace greeted Zaya and he got a hug from her. 
"Good morning, uncle Jace!" Zaya looked very excited and cheerful. 
Meanwhile, Zander and Zenith made sure that their journey to the east city would be smooth, as they coordinated it with Joel, who would become the head of the warrior, who would escort them to their destination. 
"Hey! Let’s go!" Zander shouted, waving his hand because they kept talking with each other. 
Zenith came to his father and tell him that they had to go now, but Cane only stared at him. "I am Zenith, father. Your son," he reminded him, thinking that Cane had forgotten about him again. 
At first, it was hard to do this, even now, it was not easy either, but they understood that their father didn’t forget about them because he wanted to. 
"I know, who you are, Zen." Cane picked up a leaf from his head and gave it to him. He kissed the tip of his nose. 
"Ugh. I am too old for that kiss, father," he protested. 
"You will never be too old for a kiss, Zen," Cane chuckled.
###Chapter 1002: BONUS - : ORDINARY DAY
Chapter 1002: BONUS Chapter: ORDINARY DAY
"What song is that?" Zander frowned when he heard his sister was singing for their father. He had never heard this song before. 
Currently, the five of them were sitting in a large carriage and having fun during their journey to the east city. Zaya was very happy, she looked like she would be able to talk and sing for the whole day and night until they actually arrived at their destination. 
"My friend told me this song when he went to Karam continent, this is the song that people there sang." Zaya was sitting between her father and mother, as she clapped her hands. 
"Who is your friend?" Zander frowned. "I don’t think Lucia has ever gone to Karam continent." 
"I have a lot of friends," Zaya said, annoyed. Her friend was not only Lucia. "His name is Lance. He is one of the warrior’s sons." 
"A boy?" Zander narrowed his eyes. 
"Cut it off, Zan." Zenith kicked his leg, he looked unbothered. 
"Yes, cut it off!" Zaya parroted and then went to give a kiss to Zenith. "I love you, Zen!" 
"What about me?" 
"No, you are annoying," Zaya said. 
Iris chuckled to see this interaction. There was nothing special about this, this was only an ordinary bickering between the children, but somehow, Iris felt fulfilled. She had everything that she wanted and the people that she loved were here. 
It was ordinary day with ordinary activity, yet, ten years or even twenty years from now, she knew that she would look back to this moment with a fond memory. 
The sound of her children bickering with one another, the clear sky, the calm afternoon, the gentle wind, the sound of the neighing horses and everything... 
Even to the smallest thing such as; holding Cane’s hand, it would be a precious memory that she would take to her last breath. 
’You look so beautiful.’ Cane mouthed when Iris looked at him, as they held hand secretly behind Zaya’s back. 
Iris chuckled. Cane used to do this before, when their children grew up and they would always be around, it would be a little bit awkward to be very affectionate verbally, but Cane came up with this method, knowing very well that Iris could read lips, as if she was reading a book. 
It reminded Iris of the past, the days, where she thought life would never get better, when there was only pain and suffering, and also constant fear of the uncertainty, the power struggle and everything in between. 
Iris thought, she would be willing to go through all of those sufferings again, if it meant she could have more time with Cane. 
’You look so gorgeous too.’ Iris mouthed back, blushing like she used to. There was nothing change about her when it came to Cane. 
In a good day, Cane would remember this little detail about the two of them, he would remember her every habit, but in bad day, he wouldn’t even recognize Iris. 
Yet, Iris knew that his heart always recognized her. Cane wouldn’t be rude or drawn back when he forgot about her. He would stare at her with this fascination in his eyes. 
’I don’t know you, but I like you.’ 
That was what Cane said in one of the bad days when he forgot about his mate. 
’I am your mate.’ And Iris would remind him in the same way, which made Cane look surprised, but then, he would smile widely. His eyes sparkled innocently. 
’I must be very blessed to have you as my mate.’ He would respond in the same way and Iris had never gotten tired to hear that. 
’So do I.’ Iris would kiss the tip of his nose afterward. 
In his bad days, when Cane didn’t remember Iris, he would follow her every move with his eyes and always love her company. His gaze would soften and he smiled more even when he forgot about her in his mind. 
"Father, my ribbon fell," Zaya said, she pulled the ribbon from her hair. "Please, fix it." 
Cane let go of Iris’s hand and took the ribbon from his daughter to fix it on her hair. 
"Do I look beautiful?" Zaya asked. "Lance said he liked my curls." 
"He said what?!" Zander stood up from his seat, but his head hit the roof of the carriage, which made him groaned in pain. 
"Serve you right!" Zaya and Zenith said at the same time. 
"Mother! They bullied me..." Zander whined to his mother, as Iris stretched out her hand to ruffle his hair. 
"Stop being so childish." Zenith rolled his eyes. 
Actually, it had been a long time since Zander acted so childish like this. He used to have this stern expression whenever he had to deal with his advisors, because they thought he was still not yet ready to take the throne. He was too young for such responsibility and it was a pain in the ass to prove himself. 
Thankfully, Lou, Jace and Ethan were there, Zander had trustworthy people, who would shut them up mercilessly. 
Later that day, when the sun almost set, they had to stop in the inn, because they couldn’t have Cane to sleep inside the carriage, it would be too uncomfortable for him. 
Even though this journey became a little bit longer than usual, because they had to stop a few times to accommodate Cane, but they cherished every moment of it. 
Their time together was all that matter the most. 
Late at night, Cane was woken up and found Iris was in deep sleep, while Zaya was hugging him. She slept with them and the way the two of them were sleeping was the same. Their lips would be slightly ajar and their long, curly hair splayed on the pillow. 
Cane entangled himself from Zaya and kissed her. He got off the bed and walked to Iris’s bedside and kissed her too before he walked out of the room. 
He walked to the main balcony and stood there, staring at the dark sky studded with stars, his mind was very clear now. He remembered how around this time he would be in so much pain because he was forced to shift into his lycan form. 
He still remembered how Iris’s presence could alleviate the pain and he clung onto such relief. He remembered the lycan. 
Lu. 
The cursed creature brought so much trouble, but Cane wouldn’t change anything about his decision to take Lu’s soul and hosted it. 
He would never admit it, but sometime, he missed the lycan. Whenever he saw black smoke from the remaining burned furnace, he would have this little smile on the corner of his lips. 
"Father, what are you doing here?" Zenith approached his father, worried. He smelled his father’s scent when he walked out of his bedroom because Zander’s habit of sleeping was horrible, he was taking the blanket away and talked in his sleep, that’s when he followed his father’s scent. "Are you, okay?" 
"I am great," Cane said with a smile. 
Zenith walked over toward his father and stood next to him, staring at the distance, where you could see small taverns were still open and some people were still on the street, while above them the sky was so dark, but the stars looked brighter than any other night. 
"What are you doing here, father? Can’t sleep?" Zenith looked at Cane. His father aged finely, he looked a little bit different and his forgetfulness made him look tired most of the time, but he still remembered the man that he always admired. 
"Yes, I think I slept too much this afternoon." 
For a long time, they stayed like that in silent. But, it was very comfortable for both of them, as they had time to think about a certain thing deeply, while still in the presence of each other. 
"Have you ever upset because you are not the future king?" Cane finally broke the silent with this question. 
"No." Zenith tilted his head. He didn’t even need to think twice to give him the answer. "Become a king is not my thing." 
Cane ruffled his head. He knew that, he only wanted to make sure about it. He had watched firsthand how the bloody battle within the royal family for the throne had gone too far and brutal, and he didn’t wish something like that happened between his children.
"Why do you think so?" 
Zenith thought about it for a while. He chose his words. "I don’t have the kindness and passion for people like Zander has, father. I am not as versatile as him. Dealing with people exhausted me." 
Zenith was straightforward person, he tended to be very strict and rigid. If he found fault, he would punish the other person accordingly, no excuse, but Zander would find the other way around to make the best of the situation, or at the very least, he would listen to the excuse, but for Zenith, he didn’t have patient for that. 
He knew his role and what he was capable of. He was too stiff to become a king and if he ruled the continent, it wouldn’t be able to reach its potential grow. 
"I am fine by managing Zander, so he will not slack off and become a little bit firm with his decision, but to manage the whole kingdom? No. I don’t have the patient." Zenith furrowed his brows. "Don’t tell this to Zander, okay? He will brag for my entire life if he learned I praised him." 
Cane laughed to hear his request. "Okay, son."
###Chapter 1003: BONUS - : GOOD DAY AND BAD DAY
Chapter 1003: BONUS Chapter: GOOD DAY AND BAD DAY
They stayed in the east city for two weeks, but it was the best and meaningful two weeks for all of them and it would be the core memories for the children. 
There was a bad day, where Cane didn’t recognize his family, but even so, he looked comfortable to be surrounded by them. He would listen to Zaya when she read for him and watched how Zander and Zenith bickered. He found that their bickering was amusing. 
"Who are you?" Cane asked Iris politely when he woke up one morning when Iris was sleeping by his side. 
Without missing a beat, Iris wrapped her arms around his body and snuggled closer to him. She was still sleepy. "I am your mate." She kissed his cheek and Cane would hug her back without further question. 
But, there was also time when Cane went missing and all of the royal warriors were searching the entire city. Zander was the one, who found out that their father was not at the inn and in his panic, he didn’t think of another option. 
Meanwhile, Iris knew where exactly Cane was, since she could sense everyone in this continent. Her mate was in one of the bookstores and when she went there, she found Cane was staring at bookshelves, reading every title of the book. 
"What are you doing here?" Iris asked him gently. 
"He has been there for an hour and stared at the bookshelves," the owner of the bookstore told Iris, but then she recognized the queen’s auburn hair and immediately knelt down. "My queen!" 
If the woman was the queen, then the man was the king, without a doubt! 
The owner didn’t immediately recognize Cane because he was wearing hoodie that covered his face and also with the fact that not many people had seen the king in person. 
While the queen used to appear in public and meet with people, especially during the drought to distribute food, the king would work behind the scene. 
"Can you give me some alone time and tell the warrior out there that I am here with my mate?" Iris requested the bookstore owner politely. 
"Yes, yes, yes my queen!" the owner immediately retreated and did what she was told. 
Meanwhile, Cane only stared at Iris before he answered the question, he looked unfazed by the brief interaction between Iris and the owner. 
"I am looking for a book," Cane finally answered Iris’s question. He then turned around to inspect the bookshelves again. 
"What book?" Iris walked closer to him. "I can help you to look for it." 
"The book that my mate has not read yet." Cane traced his finger on the books’ spine. "She read a lot. I lost track what book she had read..." 
Iris smiled at him. She knew that Cane kept on tab with what book she had read, so he could buy her more whenever he went out of the continent, or found some book that he thought she would be interested. 
But, with his current condition, it would be hard for him to remember those thousand of books that she had read during the two decades they were together.
Still, it warmed Iris’s heart to know Cane did remember her, though he didn’t recognize her right now. 
"What about this one?" Iris pointed out one of the books and Cane looked over, but he shook his head. 
"She had read that one," Cane said and he was right. Iris had read the book. 
"Oh, okay, let’s find another one." This time, Iris didn’t try to deceive him and seriously look for the book. 
However, Zaya barged in and immediately hugged Cane from behind, she cried because her father disappeared all of sudden. 
Cane was stunned, but when he saw his daughter, a bright smile appeared on his lips. "This is my daughter." He hugged the little girl. 
Not long after, Zander and Zenith joined them, Cane recognized his sons as well. 
"Looking for a book for your mother," Cane said when they asked what he was doing here. 
"What? But..." Zander furrowed his brows, but Iris put her finger in front of her lips. 
"Let’s find the book," she said. 
And they spent the rest of the afternoon to look for a book that the ’king’s mate’ had not yet read with the help of the queen, until he was tired and they went back to the inn. 
But, there was also a good day too when Cane remembered everything. From the day their twin daughters were born, their twin boys and then Zaya. 
"Just in case I have never said this and if I forgot to tell you this, I want you to know that I love you and proud of you from the day you were born to this moment and I will feel the same in the future, even when my memories faded away, I want you to remember this, especially when you have tough day." 
Cane talked to each of his children, while his mind was still very clear. He told them everything that he wanted them to know. He wanted to make sure that he loved them even when he forgot about them. This bothered Cane, because he didn’t want his children felt not being loved by him in his worse day. 
"Don’t worry, father, I will remember you and remind you when you forgot about me, mother, Zander, Zenith, Ethan, Jace, Lou..." Zaya said, as she was being carried on the back, like she used to when she was very little. Both of them walked in the garden. They had another picnic near the Nokorath mountain in the east city. 
"Yes, please do," Cane chuckled. 
In one of his good days too, Cane would take Zander and Zenith to hunt. The three of them shifted into their beasts and hunted, while Iris was with Zaya, waiting for the boys to return with their games. 
Cane was slower than he used to, but his instinct was very sharp, whenever he was in his right mind and his sons still needed to exert so much effort to keep up with him. 
But, on the day they returned to the capital city, Cane fell sick. He spent the rest of their journey back sleeping. He would only wake up when Iris woke him up to have something to eat. 
"How is father, mother?" Zenith asked. He stared at the carriage. 
"He will be fine." Iris hugged him and patted his back. 
"Hm." Zenith hugged his mother too, but he stared at the distance. 
Zaya would stay by Cane’s side, she would sing for her father and tell stories in low voice, even though Cane was sleeping, or most of the time, she would sleep beside him too. 
When they finally returned to the palace, Penny was called to check on the king, but if Iris couldn’t do anything about this, what else a mere healer like Penny could do? 
A week letter, Iris received a letter from the Holy Kingdom, Abby wrote back to her. 
Abby didn’t immediately reply to Iris’s letter because she needed time to really make sure she had checked everything thoroughly. 
But in the end, the result was as expected. 
Abby couldn’t help, because she was not able to find anything that could help with Cane’s case, not to mention this was an extremely rare case and probably only happened to Haco and Cane, since the lycan shouldn’t have exist in the first place. 
Iris walked away from the palace and didn’t want anyone to follow her, as she cried her heart out. She always appeared tough in front of Cane and her children, she looked like she had accepted this fate, but it would be a lie if deep down she was as calm as she appeared on the surface. 
She clutched the letter from Abby to her chest and knelt down to scream to the nothingness. 
"Iris?" Ethan called her and when she lifted her head to look at the gamma, he immediately approached her and hugged her tightly. There was no question. Her tears explained everything. 
Iris hugged Ethan tightly, she felt like she was going to fall into pieces as her world was crumbling, while Ethan was there to hold her. 
"It’s okay, it’s okay. You can cry. Just cry, Iris." Ethan patted her back. "You have tough days and you did well." Ethan hugged her tighter. "You did so well." 
"I don’t want to lose him, Ethan." 
"I know..." 
"Is it selfish of me to have more time with him?" 
"No, it’s not. You are not selfish." 
"I can’t lose him. I have done everything I could." 
Iris cried for hours, but when she finally returned to the palace, she became her calm self, a loving mother to her children and an amazing partner for her mate. She faced this adversity with her gentleness and abundant patient. 
"I love you, Iris..." Cane said. He woke up in the middle of the night and found Iris was still awake, they stared at each other for a long time, savoring each other presence and was contented with the silence between them. "It’s a long journey for us to be here." 
"I love you too, Cane. It’s a long journey, indeed, but it’s worth it." 
"I wish I have never hurt you." 
Iris caressed his cheek and traced the scar on his face. "I know you didn’t mean it." 
Two weeks later, Cane’s condition got worse, his regression was faster than Haco. 
The air magic stone had helped him to have this whole wonderful sixteen years to build a family and a kingdom, but finally, it ran its course.
###Chapter 1004: BONUS - : LOU
Chapter 1004: BONUS Chapter: LOU
"Cane, wake up," Iris said, she caressed his cheek, she had been trying to wake him up for more than fifteen minutes now. "You need to take your medicine, okay?" 
It was almost unbearable to see Cane right now. In the past, he was overly alerted with his surroundings, he had never lowered his guard down, even when he was asleep. 
A simple noise would be able to wake him up, but it was different right now. 
Iris had been trying to wake him up, but he was still fast asleep. If it was not because Cane needed to take his medicine, she wouldn’t have a heart to wake him up as well. 
Even though the medicine didn’t really have any effect, but it would be able to give his body a little bit of strength. 
"Cane..." Iris nuzzled his nose with hers and kissed his lips. "Come, wake up and drink your medicine, after that, you need to eat, only then you can sleep again. Sleepyhead." Iris giggled with the endearment name she called him, but it was an empty laugh. In the past, it would be her, who would easily fall asleep. "Come on, you big bad wolf." 
Cane furrowed his brows, he opened his eyes sleepily and looked at Iris. "Good morning." 
Iris chuckled. "It’s afternoon, love." 
"I missed you." 
"I missed you too." Iris kissed his lips. 
"I have a long dream." 
"I hope it’s a good dream." 
"I don’t know. I don’t remember, but I feel happy." 
Iris smiled at that. Whatever that dream was, as long as it made him happy, it was enough. Iris then helped Cane to drink his medicine and ate his food. 
He didn’t have a good appetite. He ate so little. 
"You ate like a bird," Iris commented and this made Cane smiled. 
"You used to eat like a bird too." 
That was a good day, where Cane remembered everything, but after that, there was a long bad day, where he didn’t remember anything at all. He didn’t even remember himself and spent most of the time sleeping. 
Iris was hopeless, she was no longer be able to cry and withdrawn from the state affair, which now was being handled by their sons, thankfully, there were a lot of people, who helped the twins and they could understand the situation of their parents. 
She prayed that miracle would happen. She spent her night, staring at Cane’s face, because she was afraid if she fell asleep and she woke up to find out he was no longer with her... 
She didn’t want to miss every second she had with him. 
And one day, on a bright beautiful day, when Cane was having his bad time to remember, Lou came. He barged into their bedroom and made a lot of commotion. 
Because everyone knew it was Lou and they were well aware the relationship between their sovereign with this merchant, the guards didn’t really stop him. 
"Iris! Iris!" Lou bounced from the door, until he found her. 
"Lou, you can’t shout here," Iris warned him. 
"This is great! This is really great!" Lou said, he stopped in front of her and then grinned. "Anyway, you look beautiful today." 
Iris rolled her eyes. She was already immune with his antics. 
"What do you want to tell me?" There must be something extremely important that could make Lou act like this. 
But, before he answered her question, Lou shifted his attention toward Cane. "Does he have a bad day?" 
All of them knew what it meant for Cane to have a bad day. 
"Yes." Iris tried to appear tough, but the sadness was palpable in her eyes. 
"Too bad." Lou clicked his tongue. 
"Where have you been?" Iris didn’t want to hear anything about that, currently, Cane was sitting near the window, basking in the warmth of light in the summer afternoon. 
Lou had gone missing for a month now and no one could find out where he was, but Iris knew. He had been moving around all over the continent by the portal he created. She didn’t know what he was doing, but she knew it wouldn’t be something bad. 
Lou would have never gone from the capital city and left the twins if it was not an urgent matter. 
"You may want to consider to kiss me," Lou grinned, but from the corner of his eyes, he could see how Cane gave him a look. Even in his bad day, Cane was still hostile toward him when it came to Iris. 
"Do you want me to kick you out?" Iris narrowed her eyes. She wondered how Lou didn’t change at all. 
Lou raised both of his hands and then looked at Cane. "You need to remember this! I saved your ass!" 
"What is it?" Iris didn’t want to let her hope soared, because she knew exactly what Lou was talking about and why he was beaming like this. "Lou, tell me." 
"I know a way how to save your mate." Lou looked so proud of himself. He crossed his arms and looked very smug. 
And for the first time after such a long time, Iris saw how gorgeous the merchant was. 
"You are not kidding me, right?" 
"You are going to skin me alive if I am joking with you about this matter, Iris." Lou was a jokester and sometime, he didn’t choose his word wisely, but he knew better not to make a joke about this. 
Lou thought he would finally get a kiss or a hug, but Iris actually broke down, crying so hard, which made the merchant panic. 
"Hey! Hey!" Lou immediately knelt down. "I expect a kiss, you know, not a cry. Well, a thank you will do too." 
However, Cane stood up from his sitting position and approached his mate, he didn’t remember her, but he consoled her like he used to like usual, as if his body remembered it. Iris then hugged Cane so tightly, her whole body was trembling. 
"Shouldn’t I be the one, who got a hug?" Lou frowned and then shrugged his shoulders. "Never mind." 
In the end, Lou sat down on the floor, along with the couple, he crossed his legs and played with the hem of his red cloak, waiting until Cane managed to calm Iris down. 
"Are you done crying? Can we talk?" Lou asked in bored tone. He had not yet even explained it to Iris when she broke down crying. "You need to hear my explanation first, this is not an easy task too." 
Iris wiped her tears, she shook her head. "As long as there is a way, it can be done." Cane looked at her, concern in his expression. "I am fine, Cane. I am okay." Iris kissed the tip of his nose. 
Lou clapped his hands to get their attention. "Okay, stop being lovey dovey, listen to me now." 
The merchant had been looking for any clue, anything that could give him any lead to find out a way to help Cane, because it pained him to see how Iris looked so morose. 
He felt like her soul would die first before her body. 
"It’s a looooong, arduous journey that I have to go through! I have to fight monsters! Going through snowstorm..." 
"Lou, this is summer..." Iris reminded him. 
The merchant cleared his throat. "I meant... a great ordeal to get this piece of information." 
Iris wanted him to talk straight to the point, because she really wanted to know what he had found out, but she endured it. At the very least, after all the trouble that Lou had gone through, she would let him had his time to shine and brag about it. 
"It almost felt like I am looking for a needle in the ocean!" 
An hour passed and Iris still had the patient to listen to him, but Cane had decided to take a nap, as he used Iris’s legs as a pillow and slept on the carpet. Listening to Lou gave the king a headache. 
"... and finally, I found this man. He was from the not- so Holy Kingdom." Finally, Lou got to the main story. "He is very old, I though he is a relic." Lou looked very serious. 
Iris didn’t know whether she wanted to laugh or cry. She was so done with this merchant, but she loved him as a friend nonetheless. He was so dear to them and Lou had been amazing throughout the years they spent together. 
"I got information from him. He talked something about five swords and the power of the true Serafim. The hidden forest, where the swords were there." Lou frowned. "He talked in Andel language, I don’t understand some of the word he said." 
"How could you say that he can help with Cane’s case?" 
"Because he said something along the line of the missing memory, or mind...? The restoration of the power or something... anyway, it the same case like Cane. You should go and meet him yourself, you know about the Serafim power and the five swords better than me. I am sure you mentioned about the five swords long time ago." 
"Let’s go." Iris didn’t want to waste her time. If there was a way, she wanted to figure it out immediately. 
"Now?" 
"Yes." 
"Okay!" Lou immediately stood up. "It has been a long time, since we went onto a journey together!" 
"But, help me to get Cane to the bed first," Iris said, caressing Cane’s head. 
"What should I do?" 
"Carry him to the bed." 
"I am already too old!" Lou cried.
###Chapter 1005: BONUS - : AN OLD STORY
Chapter 1005: BONUS Chapter: AN OLD STORY
Iris remembered this old man, even though she had not yet seen him for more than sixteen years. He was the man from the black market. The old, bald and blind man. 
The last time she met him was during the war with Decratic. He told her about the light that came from the Serafim. The light that she had, which guided every soul to her. 
She didn’t remember his name, whether she remembered she had ever asked his name and Lou took her to him. 
"You can ask him." Lou sat down on the chair and helped himself with drink and snack. 
After the war, Iris didn’t really pay attention to him, because there were a lot of things that happened and many more people died. 
Iris didn’t even remember him until now. Even if she remembered him, she would assume that he died during the massive attack, where more than half of the population of the shifter was vanished.
"Oh, the bright woman..." He greeted her in Andel language. 
That was what he called her years ago. He still remembered even though years had passed. 
The blind man was living in this little house, which made it looked a little bit cramp with three people inside, but Lou didn’t really pay attention to that, he made himself at home. Iris wondered how long this merchant spent his time here. 
"I am afraid, I have not yet known your name. I am sorry for my ignorance." 
The blind man waved his hand, he looked so old, but more lively than the last time Iris met with him. "I had a name that I was born with, but right now, I was preferred to be called as Kal." 
"Kal." Iris sat down next to Lou and he nudged the snack on the table, but she was not in the mood to eat anything. "I am sure Lou had told you about why I came here." 
"So, it’s true... about what happened to the king. It’s a pity... he has been a great king." 
Rumor said that king Cane was sick, but there was no specific explanation about what kind of illness, another rumor said Cane only wanted to retire early and spend his time with his mate, since their son had started to take an active role in the palace affair. It was believable, since people knew how much the king and the queen loved each other. 
The rule of not having any mistress and only had your destined mate or your chosen mate as your partner was created based on the king’s love for his queen. 
"Thank you." Iris nodded. "I am really appreciated it if you can give me some clue of how to save my mate’s life." 
"I see, I know why you are looking for me." Kal sat down across from Iris and Lou. 
Now, Iris could see why Kal chose to have this tiny space as his home, because it made it easier for him to move and he seemed to know where everything was. 
"Do you know the story of the little girl and the monster?" Kal asked. 
"Yes, I know." Of course, she knew because she had been telling this story to all of her children, the children from the orphanage and Lu. She retold the story countless times. 
"This is the mindblowing part," Lou said, as he ate the snack. "Listen carefully." 
"Do you know where did the original story come from?" 
"No." 
"Andel continent. There is a little bit revision here and there when it reached the other continent." The blind man leaned over, as if he was attracted to the light and smiled softly. "Do you know that the original story has been spread in Andel continent for centuries? The origin of it came from the first Serafim and the lycan." 
Iris was taken aback. She didn’t know about that. 
"See, I told you this part is very important and..." Lou immediately shut his mouth when Iris shot him a dagger look. 
Kal then retold the original story that came from Andel Continent, as he learned about this when he was still in the Holy Kingdom. 
Iris listened to that carefully, she didn’t realize that she had been telling story about Lu and Na all this time. 
No wonder, Lu always loved it whenever she told him that. With how much Lu loved Na, it did make sense to Iris now. 
That lycan would always want to clung onto anything about her. 
"The forest in the story, is the secret forest, where the Great Shrine was. The place that restored all the five swords that contained with the first Serafim’s power." 
"But, the swords were destroyed." Iris explained what happened and how she knew about that. 
"Do you really thing the sword that made of the first Serafim’s power will be like any normal sword?" 
Iris didn’t think it did. "But, how can it help with Cane’s condition." 
"The Great Shrine was a holly place, where the Serafim after Serafim Na ’cleaned’ themselves from all the negativity, so it would keep them pure. Just like what the story said, Na kept Lu there to help him with the curse within him. 
Yes, Lu had gone, but the curse in the lycan’s soul inflicted its host as well. Magic users will not realize this, because no one has ever encountered this kind of curse before." 
"What do you think I should do?" 
"What happened with king Cane is the after effect of the curse of the lycan." That was why, Lu was called as cursed creature, not because he was cursed, but he spread the curse to anyone he touch, everyone that close to her and it was only Na, who could neutralize it. 
"Why I can’t neutralize it too?" 
"Even when you have Na’s soul and power, you are still not her and what king Cane endured right now, is the after effect, not the direct curse of the lycan. When the lycan is still within the king’s body, you know that you can reach out to him, but now, you can’t because the lycan had gone." 
Iris lowered her head. She thought about it for a while. "Do you think I need to go to the Holy Kingdom?" 
"Yes. You need to take the king there." The blind man smiled. "That’s where everything began between Lu and Na and I think that’s where everything should end." 
The Great Shrine in the Andelus Continent. 
It was great. It was great that there was still hope for Cane, but going to Andelus continent meant she had to leave her children behind. 
She knew they could manage the kingdom well, but it was still too much to leave the kingdom to them. They were only sixteen and Zaya was only ten... 
"I know what you are thinking," Lou said after a long silence. "Why don’t you discuss this with Zander and Zenith, I think they are already big enough to have a serious discussion. Let’s think what option you have and make your decision after you have this discussion with them." 
"But..." 
"They are not a baby anymore Iris. You can’t baby them forever. You might think it will be too much for them to handle the kingdom, but they did it in the past few months, they proved it to you that you shouldn’t underestimate them." 
================================ 
"I want to go with you..." Zaya hugged Iris. She buried her face against Iris’s chest. "But..." she lifted her head and looked at her two older brothers. She was torn. She wanted to be with her brothers too. 
"Let’s sleep on it," Iris said. 
Just like per Lou’s suggestion, she gathered her children and explained to them about the situation. This was an important decision that their family had to make, thus it would be unfair not to get them involved in this and hear their opinion. 
"Let’s talk about this, three days from now, so we can see what option we have." 
Later that night when Iris was about to sleep, she heard a knock on the door and Zander’s voice echoed from behind the door. 
"Mother, is father sleeping? can we walk for a while?" Zander looked at his mother solemnly. When he stood in front of Iris right now, he was way taller than her. 
He looked like Cane, Iris imagined young Cane would look like their sons. 
"Sure." Iris smiled, she stepped out of the room, but she glanced inside to see that Cane was still fast asleep. 
They walked for a while in the garden, the wind was rather warm and it was a clear night with the pale moonlight illuminated every dark corner of the palace. 
"I don’t think I need three days to make my decision. My answer is very obvious. You need to go, mother. The kingdom will be fine." 
Iris had expected this answer, but even if he asked them to stay, she could understand. 
"Will it make me the youngest king in the history?" Zander tried to lift up the mood with a joke. She was sure he picked this habit from Lou and Ethan. 
"I can see concern in your eyes, Zan." Iris looked at her son gently. "What are you truly worrying?" 
"But, I am not sure I can be a good king like father." Zander furrowed his brows. "I am scared," Zander said honestly and Iris gave him a hug. 
"It will not be fair to make comparison, since every king has their own challenge and lived in different situation. You will make your own name, Zan."
###Chapter 1006: BONUS - : NEW JOURNEY
Chapter 1006: BONUS Chapter: NEW JOURNEY
It had been decided that Zander and Zenith would stay in Ogregon continent and Zaya would come with Iris and Cane, since she was still so little and it was not necessary for her to stay behind in Ogregon continent. 
"We have spent six years ahead of you with mother and father, now you can have them for a while," Zenith said when Zaya cried because she didn’t want to leave her brother, but she also wanted to come with Iris and Cane. 
This must be the first hardest decision that she had to make. All this time, she had it easy, because everyone would cater to her need and she didn’t need to choose, because she people would happily get what she wanted. 
But right now, she couldn’t be with her parents and her brothers at the same time and this made her very sad. 
However, she understood the importance of why they needed to leave to Andelus Continent. She loved her father so much and she wanted him to get well soon. 
"We will meet again, Zaya. I will write every day." Zander reassured her. "Don’t you want to hug me?" 
Zaya lifted her head and let go of Zenith, before she gave Zander a big hug and cried in her brother’s chest. 
Because of the urgency of the situation, the coronation for Zander as the new king would be held in a week. They did it in a rush to make it official that Zander would take the throne. 
He was only sixteen years old when he was crowned as the king and Cane stepped down officially from his position. 
It was the most hectic week, as the news came as a surprise and everyone had to prepare for this big event meticulously. 
It was exhausting and emotionally draining. Everything went as a blur when the day of the coronation came. 
But the night before the coronation, Iris found out that Zander, Zenith and Zaya slept together in Zenith’s bedroom. Her sister was very sad to leave them. 
Hanna told her about this because she saw Zander and Zaya barged into Zenith’s bedroom, while bringing their pillows. 
Iris entered the room and was greeted by this cute sight of her children’s sleeping faces. Zander and Zaya slept peacefully, while Zenith had this frown on his face. He looked like he was done with his siblings’ antics, but couldn’t actually do anything about it. 
Iris walked toward them and gave them kisses, but when she approached Zenith, he was woken up. 
"I am sorry, did I wake you up?" Iris whispered in low voice. 
"No..." Zenith rubbed his eyes sleepily. "I have been kicked by Zaya twice. I can’t sleep." 
Iris chuckled and sat down on the edge of the bed. "Do you want late night meal?" 
Zenith thought about that and then nodded. "Okay."
With that the two of them went to the kitchen, but there were still a few omegas there, because tomorrow was a big day of the coronation and there were many people, who were still working on it. 
"My queen, prince Zenith," the omegas greeted them both. "Is there something we can help you with?" 
"It’s okay. We will just take some food and leave." Iris and Zenith took their food and turned down their offer to help. "Just continued with what you are doing. It will not take long." 
After they got their food, the two of them left and went to the dining hall. This place had been decorated meticulously with the color of purple and black, the new color of their kingdom. 
They took their seat and started to eat their food, while talking about trivial thing." 
"I have not yet heard about your opinion regarding this decision, Zen," Iris mentioned about it. 
Zenith lifted his head. "I think my opinion doesn’t matter, it has been decided already." 
Iris stretched out her hand and grabbed his. "Of course, your opinion matter, Zen. Even though it has been decided, but I want to hear your take in this matter." 
Because of his nature, Zenith didn’t really say his opinion, he only went with the flow and agreed readily, but not even once he said what he was thinking about it. 
"So, tell me what you are thinking about this?" 
Zenith gave it some thought and chose his words carefully. "I am glad father got the help that he needed and there is way to save him, but I feel like everything became so real. You are going to leave after the ceremony and Zander would be the king. I am not sure if I can be any of help. I feel at lost," he finally admitted. 
This was the first time for Zenith to say that he was at lost, not like Zander, who was more opened with his feeling, he handled himself really well, until Iris sometime forgot that he was the same age like Zander. 
"You are always helping Zander all this time, Zenith. More than you acknowledged it. You know how much your brother relied on you sometime." Iris caressed his head. "You are the rational one. How can you think that you are not helping him?" 
"I think I have not done enough." 
That was where the problem laid. Zenith always thought that he could do more, he had not yet done enough. 
"You have done more than enough, son." Iris kissed his cheek. "Everyone knew that, but you. I am so grateful that Zander has you by his side. Knowing that you will be here with Zander, put my mind at ease. Thank you for taking so much responsibility when you shouldn’t have to." 
Zenith lifted his head and saw his mother’s genuine smile and the gratitude in her eyes. 
"Really?" 
"Absolutely." Iris then asked again. "Why did you think that you have not yet done enough? Was there someone said something or insinuating that?" Iris would deal with this matter quickly if there was someone who had been whispering to her son’s ears this bullshit. 
Zenith shook her head. "No one. I have those feelings in my head." 
"You are too harsh on yourself, honey." Iris shifted her sitting position, so she faced him. "I am so proud of you, I am sure your father does too. Your siblings love you and you have done more than enough to help." 
Zenith didn’t know why he felt this feeling, but he was afraid he was going to drag his brother down, if he was not being useful. People, who had been lurking around them to vie for power would use him to bring Zander down. 
Zenith was always be sensible, even when he was still little, therefore, he could already sense the change in the political affair within the palace ever since Zander took their father’s task. His twin sibling might not really aware about this, because he was very busy to adapt himself with the new assignment. 
More so, Zander had Jace and Ethan, who shielded him, therefore he was not really aware of this, yet Zenith could see how the people acted. The change was subtle enough for anyone to notice it. 
"Thank you, mother. I will remember that." 
"I am really glad to have you as my son, Zen. Remember that too." 
After that they ate their meal and returned to their own bedroom, since it was already so late and they had to wake up early for the coronation. 
Thankfully, the day of the coronation was Cane’s good day, where he managed to crown his own son to be the next king, the person, who would sit on the throne. 
Iris watched the whole procession with tears in her eyes, she looked so proud of her son and this was a very heartfelt moment, where Cane passed down his title to his son. 
Mark this day, the Ogregon kingdom welcomed their new king. The youngest king in the history, because Zander not yet seventeen at the time he was crowned. Some boy around his age were still playing out there and pulling stupid prank when he had to take the responsibility of the whole kingdom. 
"I am so proud of you, son," Cane said in his weak voice. If he could get his wish granted, he wanted not to forget about this moment, this overwhelming feeling to see his son on the throne. 
"LONG LIVE THE KING! LONG LIVE THE KING! LONG LIVE THE KING!" 
Everyone in the main hall bowed down to their new sovereign, including Zenith and Zaya, while Iris and Cane, nodded solemnly to their son. 
The festivities began until late at night, but at the same night too, Iris and Cane went to the harbor in the Chrystal Moon pack, where the pale moonlight reflected on the surface of the dark water. A big ship had been waiting for the king and the queen. 
Later on, this pack would be named as Moonlight pack. 
Zale and Lou would come with Iris and Cane, because Zale was Zaya’s personal guard and also Iris’s protectors, while Lou, the reason was too obvious... 
"I love you, Zan. I love you, Zen." Zaya hugged both of her brothers. 
"I love you too, Zaya, please take care of mother and father." Zander hugged his little sister. He would miss styling her hair. 
"I love you too, Zaya." Zenith kissed Zaya’s cheek and the twin hugged their mother and father, as they said their goodbye. 
It was so hard for Iris to hold her tears back, as she cried. 
"Are we going somewhere?" Cane asked. 
"Yes, love. To our new journey," Iris replied.
###Chapter 1007: SIDE STORY (LOU): IN THE PAST
Chapter 1007: SIDE STORY (LOU): IN THE PAST
"Mama," A young boy that was no older than four looked at his mother with tear in his eyes. He stumbled toward his mother after he was being bullied by his other siblings. "Why they don’t want to play with me?" 
Annelise had this beautiful smile on her lips, she was calm and collected when she carried her son in her arms. "Mama said not to play with them, right?" 
She wiped his tears. 
"But, why? I though they are my brothers?" 
"They are, Lou. They are your brothers." 
"Why I can’t play with them?" 
"I am sorry, Lou. It’s mama fault." Annelise kissed her son and hugged him a little bit tighter. "Why don’t you play with mama?" 
Lou looked at his mother, he didn’t want to play with his mother because she had been sick and couldn’t run as fast as him, but the sad look on her eyes made him nodded. 
"Don’t cry, mama." Lou wiped his mother’s tears, in which Annelise didn’t even realize it. "I love you, mama. I am sorry for not listening to you." 
"It’s okay, my dear." 
And since that day, little Lou would only watch from the sideline, while his other five brothers played happily. In this way, he wouldn’t upset his mother and he wouldn’t get bullied. They couldn’t call him ’pretty’ anymore, because they told him that he looked so girly. 
Lou was confused about why his father didn’t love him and his mother and why he lived in a big house with his brothers, while he had to live in a rickety house that the roof looked like it would collapse in any moment. 
Lou also didn’t understand why there were a few men, who came to their house at night often. Lou didn’t like it, because every time these men came, he had to wait outside. 
Mother would give him a warm blanket, a book to read and snack to eat. Most of the time, he would fall asleep and when he woke up, he would already on his hard bed, while his mother would have a piece of meat for them to eat. 
Father would come, but it would be very rare, sometime they looked happy together, sometime they would fight, sometime he would hit his mother and Lou hated it when he hurt her, sometime, he would get hit too. 
But, there was no meat the next day when his father left, actually there was no food for a whole day, because his mother would cry and do not want to get up from the bed. 
There was a day when Lou had to gather coins and give it to his mother, so she would stop crying, because he knew his mother needed money. 
He was little, but he was well aware that they were very poor, thus money was very important.
When his father left and his mother wouldn’t get up from the bed, there was money on the table, but also a few coins here and there. 
After Lou gathered all the coins, he would hand them to his mother. "Look, mama. I found more coins. Can we buy meat?" he asked, but his mother would cry even more, while hugging him. 
Lou had to feed himself during that day, therefore he didn’t like it when his father came. He liked it more when those strange men came, because at the very least, he could eat meat the next day. 
And tonight, just like any other night, a man was inside with his mother. Lou had seen this man for more than a handful of time, he came very often recently and made his mother smiled often too. 
Lou liked it when his mother was smiling. She looked beautiful. 
But then, suddenly the door was opened when Lou was snacking, he looked up and saw the man smiled at him. 
"Do you want to come inside?" 
Lou blinked his eyes and looked at his mother. "I should be here until you left." He hugged the blanket around his body. He didn’t want to upset his mother. 
"Don’t worry. It’s okay." He ruffled his head and Lou liked it. 
Since that night, whenever he came, Lou was allowed to stay inside the house and he came often. For some time, it was only this man and his father, who would come to check on him and his mother. 
Until one night when Lou felt his body was on fire. 
"What happened with him? Do I need to call a healer?" the man asked in worry. 
"Don’t worry, just leave. You don’t need to worry," Annelise said hastily. 
"How can I not worry? He suddenly fell ill." The man argued. "Come, I will take him to the healer." He went ahead and was about to carry Lou’s body, but then he frowned. "He is burning!" 
"It’s okay," Annelise pleaded with him to leave. 
"You don’t need to worry about money, I will pay." The man insisted. 
"No. Please, just leave." Annelise knew something, this was not an illness that a healer could heal. No one should know about this. 
"Why? I don’t understand you, Annelise, don’t you worry about your son?" 
"I am. But, for now, please just leave," Annelise argued back. 
And while they were having an argumentation, Lou wailed in pain, he could feel his body was burning, his vision was blurry and suddenly fire appeared around his bed. 
"What the hell is that?!" The man jumped away to avoid the fire, but to his surprise, he watched how Annelise handled the situation and everything unfolded. The secret that no one should know about this. 
The fire was being put off and Annelise took a magic stone, as she performed her magic. 
She was a magic user, without a doubt. So did her son. 
This piece of information finally dawn on the man and he stumbled back. Fear crept into his eyes. 
During this period of time, magic was taboo in this Karam continent. Magic users were the descendent of devils, they said. 
All magic users should be killed, because they cheated the power of the God. 
"You... you are a magic user..." 
"Paul, please... don’t..." Annelise was crying at this point. "No. Please.... you said you love me..." 
"People should know about this. People should know that there is a magic user in this village." Paul shook his head. "There are magic users in this village. He is a magic user too, right?" 
"Paul, please, don’t do this..." Annelise begged him. 
However, the man turned around, he was determined to let anyone know about this, but before he could reach the door, his body was being burned. He felt to his knees and wailed in pain, as the fire burned his flesh. 
The fire burned this unworthy hut as well, turned everything into dust. 
Lou remembered, the red color of the fire was so bright, this was the brighter red that he had ever seen and when his mother walked toward him and hugged him, he fell asleep in her arms. 
The next day, his fever had gone down, so did their dirty hut. 
From that day on, Lou and his mother lived in his father’s big house. They got their food and no men would come to see mother again, but his father’s wife was so mean to the two of them, so did his other five siblings. 
Only years later Lou learned that his mother was one of his father’s mistresses, but she was the only one, who bore a child for him. 
His father fancied Annelise, until he did not. 
"Don’t use your power. Never show your power to anyone. Not anyone should know about this, understood, Lou?" Annelise would emphasize this word over and over again in every morning they woke up and Lou would nod his head obediently. 
"Yes, mama. What if they knew?" Lou was curious. 
"They will separate us, do you want that?" 
Lou was scared, he shook his head profusely and hugged his mother. He only had his mother in this world. 
However, the same thing happened, his father learned that his mother was a magic user. 
"Father, where did they take mama?" Lou was confused because he couldn’t find their mother in their tiny room. "Abella said your men took her, where did you take her? I want my mama." 
His father knelt down in front of him. He put his hands on his tiny shoulders. "Look at that." He nodded at the fireplace. "If you can move it, you will be able to see your mother." 
Lou blinked his eyes innocently. "I can’t, how could I?" 
His father stood up and took a little stone from his drawer and handed it over to Lou. "Now, do it." 
The stone in his little hand turned so warm. He could do it. He could burn this entire room and the man that he called as father with this tiny little stone, but his mother made him promise not to do it. 
"I don’t know how. What are you talking about, father?" 
"You don’t know how?" 
Lou shook his head. 
His father made him to keep the stone with him and send him to the room. "You are not going to see your mother until you showed me the power you have." 
"What power?" Little Lou asked. He kept his promise to his mother not to divulge the secret. 
However, his father closed the door in front of his face. After that, for the next three days, there was no food, there was no water to drink and there was no fire.
###Chapter 1008: SIDE STORY (LOU): IN THE PAST (2)
Chapter 1008: SIDE STORY (LOU): IN THE PAST (2)
Lou was scared and he cried for his mother for hours, until his throat was dry. He was very thirsty. His body grew very weak. 
He was thinking to break his promise to his mother. 
But, on the fourth day, his father finally came. He opened the door and fed him. He put him on his lap and patted his back. 
"You are my son. You are indeed my son. You are not tainted by the blood of that magic user. Good. Good." 
Little Lou didn’t know what kind of feeling he felt right now, but he had this urge to burn this man, just like what his mother did to Paul. 
============================ 
"There, sleep there with your filthy mother." 
The beautiful woman in his early forty, threw little Lou into the dungeon, where they kept her before the execution tomorrow. Lou didn’t know that yet, but he was happy because he could spend his time with his mother. 
Annalise hugged her little son, she didn’t cry, she was smiling, because she didn’t want to scare her. 
"Mama, why are you here? Did you make a mistake that upset father?" 
Annalise nodded. "Yes. I think so." She kissed Lou’s cheek. 
"Why don’t you apologize? If you apologize, will he forgive you? Let’s go back to our room, it’s cold here." Lou didn’t like to be here. 
"I am sorry, honey. I can’t." Annalise shook her head. 
Lou looked devastated, his clear black eyes welled with tears and this hurt Annalise physically to see that. "Why, mama?" 
"Be strong, Lou." Annalise kissed his forehead and Lou told her that he was strong. He didn’t use his power when his father forced him to. 
Hearing this, Annalise looked shock, but when she learned no one knew about it, she looked visibly relax. 
"You have done a great job, Lou. I am so proud of you." Annalise hugged her little boy and wrapped the blanket around him, even though this dungeon was very cold for her. 
"Mama, why they are so cruel to us? What we have done wrong?" 
"Nothing, honey." Annalise was silence for a while before she spoke again. "They are cruel because they can. Because they have the power to be cruel." 
Lou didn’t understand that, but years later, he would get the taste of what power could offer to you. 
"Mama, how long you will stay here?"
"Not for long, honey. Not for long." 
Later that night, when Annalise thought Lou had fallen asleep, she cried silently, as she whispered to her only son. 
"You have to be strong, honey, you have to live. Don’t cry, baby. You have to be powerful enough so no one will bully you again. I love you, Lou. Mama loves you." 
What Annelise said was right, she didn’t stay inside the dungeon for so long, because the next day was her execution. 
And to show his kindness, Lou’s father let her wore her favorite red dress, where she would be burned with it and also bring Lou along to watch his mother for the last time. 
========================= 
Lou just got back from the execution with his father. He didn’t cry, he watched everything. He witnessed the pain in his mother’s eyes when the fire burned her alive. He saw how people cursed at her. 
And when there was not a single tear that he shed, his father praised him. He told him how a good son he was to not cry over trivial things. 
He was a good son because he didn’t cry when he watched how his mother died. 
Meanwhile, the moment his father left him alone, his other five siblings came and mocked him. His father’s wife looked at him with a derisive smile on her lips, they provoked him in hope, he would attack them or having a meltdown, so their father could punish him for bad behavior. 
"How was the show? Devil child?" The first brother asked. 
"Your mother was so pathetic, I heard her cries. A witch shouldn’t cry." 
However, it didn’t turn out as they expected. Lou actually laughed, he gave them a sweet smile. 
"How do you know? You are not even there. We should have watched it together." 
Lou was only six when he expertly masked his emotions and laughed with them, until they stopped and called him a freak, who laughed upon hearing the death of his own mother. 
Later on, Lou learned so fast about how to do trade, he started following his father around, as a merchant, he would travel a lot. 
Meanwhile, his other five siblings were too lazy to move their asses. Lou was nine and the oldest of his half sibling was nineteen, while the other were only a year apart. 
Because of his knack of business, Lou would come with his father and was trusted to handle a simple thing. He familiarized himself with everything. 
And when he was ten years old, the whole debacle about magic users were lifted. Magic users started to come out and even though the tension was very thick and most of the people afraid of magic users, but after his mother, there was no magic user was being killed anymore. 
The fucking irony of life... 
Only if his mother stayed alive for another four years... 
That day, as a gift for his ten years old birthday, his father took him to sail for the first time, which made his other half sibling threw a tantrum, but his father stood his ground and only took Lou with him. 
It was a big ship and Lou remembered how the land started to move away and gradually became very small as they sailed toward the sea. 
On the ship, he met this woman, a beautiful woman with long, curly, black hair, she was sitting on the bench, staring at the sunset. 
This huge ship carried a lot of people and crates, most of the people here came from Andelus continent and also a few merchants from Dracons continent. 
"Do you want to sit here?" That woman talked to Lou, because she felt his gaze on her for a while now. "Come here, sit here." She patted the spot next to her. "Let’s see the beautiful sunset together." 
The woman was no older than twenty, but she carried herself very well, her presence demanded respect, as if she was some kind of princess. 
Lou walked toward her and sat next to her. 
She took his hand after a little observation and said, "You are a magic user." Lou almost jumped from his seat, but she smiled at him. "Let me tell you a secret. I am also a magic user." 
Lou blinked his eyes, he didn’t know how to respond to that, but in the end, he stayed. 
That woman came from Andelus continent and there was not much they actually talking about, but she said that he was going to be a powerful magic user. 
"You are so kind, child." 
"I am not a child." 
"I am Nera, what’s yours?" 
Lou furrowed his brows, but he answered her question. "Lou." 
When the sky had turned dark and the sea looked as black as ink, Lou walked away, he saw the woman touched her belly, as she stared at the distance, she looked sad and lonely. 
That was not the last time Lou saw her, because when they headed toward the Black Market, he saw her there too. 
She gave him that warm smile when their eyes met, but Lou immediately followed his father. This memory held no significancy for Lou and a week later, he had forgotten about their encounter. The little boy continued with his life and grand scheme. 
In this black market too, he met with twin slaves. They were being castrated for a show to entertain little Lou and his father gave them as his first slaves, they were his birthday gifts. 
Lou was sick to his stomach when he had to watch they humiliated the twin brothers. 
And on the age of twenty, Lou managed to set a foot in the Black Market again, but this time, he had built his own guild. The twin was still with him... 
Years later, a few unlucky events happened. The second older child died at the age of twenty five because he fell from the rooftop when he was drunk, the third one followed two years later when he went out to hunt. 
The fourth and the fifth died because they were drowned, they went to the other island in a small boat and had never returned. 
The only one left of his father’s son was Lou and the first eldest one. 
Even so, he died because he accidentally burned himself when he wanted to add more fire in the fireplace during winter. 
People knew how stupid he was, but it was still unbelievable that he died in that way. 
And when Lou was twenty five, his father had given him everything. His business was within his grasp and it was time for him to retire, because he had fallen very sick, until it was hard for him to walk. 
"Thank you, Lou. I am glad you are here with me." 
Lou just finished giving his father his medicine and put down the empty cup. 
"You know what funny father?" Lou said, he was very calm, like usual. A cheerful young man, who used to come to tell a funny story to his sick father. "I have been giving you slow acting poison, but you are very grateful to me." 
His father thought he was joking. 
"I am not joking father." Lou still kept his smile on his lips. "The only thing that you have right now is your crazy wife." 
His wife had fallen into a great depression after the death of her five children. 
"Do you think how much she worth if I sold her in the black market? Do you think I can make a profit out of her?" Lou chuckled. 
"Lou! You went too far!" 
"Just like when my mother died, I will not cry over your death either."
###Chapter 1009: SIDE STORY (LOU): THE MEANING OF LIFE
Chapter 1009: SIDE STORY (LOU): THE MEANING OF LIFE
"Bad dream?" Nala asked Lou when she was woken up because his body kept trembling. She tried to wake him up, but only managed to do so after two whole minutes. "What happened?" 
Lou pushed himself up from the bed and then sat down. He looked outside and it was still night. 
"Come here, sleep again," Nala said. It had been five years since the last battle with Decratic, but their relationship didn’t improve at all. She was still his woman, someone that would warm his bed if he was in the capital city, but Nala didn’t have any idea whether Lou would seek another warmth when he traveled around, which he did a lot. 
"No, I am hungry," Lou said, he got off the bed and asked someone to bring him food. 
"You look so awful," Nala said, she waited for his reply, but he didn’t say anything. He sat down on a single chair and closed his eyes. 
Nala had been with him for so long, she understood him. He would be like this whenever he didn’t want to be bothered. 
And not long after that, someone knocked on the door and brought food that the merchant wanted, while Nala continued sleeping. 
The next day, Lou had gone. He didn’t say anything and every time Nala asked for him to let her knew where he would go, or at least, tell her if he would go somewhere, he would chuckle to her face. 
"Why should I? Are you my wife? My mate? Or whatever you called that. I will go wherever I want to go." 
That would be it. 
Physically, they were very close, how could they not when they drew pleasure from each other without any restrain, but emotionally, Lou would always put Nala at arm length. 
He would be nice to her and shower her with gifts, but the next time they met, he would be so cold and calculative, or he would straight away ignore her, but then he would act childish, as if nothing had happened. 
This confused Nala. 
"If you wanted to end thing and pursue another life, go ahead. I will not stop you. I will compensate you handsomely. You don’t need to worry about money." 
That was what Lou said when Nala brought up the possibility of them being together... like a family. She tried to bring the idea of having a child, but the merchant laughed again. 
"You can have as many child as you wanted, but not with me." 
Nala was free to leave this relationship, but she chose to stay, thinking if she gave him enough time, Lou would change his mind. 
Especially when he saw how happy Iris was with her mate, having their own children. 
"You are not Iris." 
"You are coveting someone else’s woman. The queen." 
Nala couldn’t take it. She knew that was not Iris’s fault for Lou’s obsession, but she was sad and upset because she couldn’t have a simple life that normal people had. 
"People know how I feel toward her. She knew, Cane knew. You are so stupid if you have not figured that out." 
That was their first big fight and Lou disappeared for half a year, when he returned, he acted so sweet, he gave him gifts and overall became the happy Lou. 
That was ten years they were together. 
Nala stared at her reflection on the mirror. She was no longer young. She was thirty three years old now and she had nothing. 
Not that she didn’t have a roof over her head, not that she didn’t have food on her table, not because she didn’t have fancy dress to wear, but because her life felt very empty. 
She walked on the street and saw women around her age and even younger, walked with their children, having their man by their side and walked together happily. 
But she? She had no one. She only had Sabian, but right now he was already very old, he was very sick. 
"What are you thinking about?" Sabian asked. "You look trouble." 
"I am fine, Sabian," Nala said. 
"Still the same problem?" Sabian asked, he looked so old and he was breathing heavily. 
Nala was afraid that if he died, she would completely be alone in this world. She couldn’t rely on Lou. She knew that she couldn’t be with him. Growing old with him was not an option, but still, she held onto a nothingness. 
"Let him go, Nala, live your life." Sabian patted her arm. He thought of her as his own daughter. "You have waited for him for too long. It’s no longer worth it." 
Sabian knew very well the dynamic between Nala and Lou and this was not the first time he suggested for her to stop waiting for him, yet she didn’t listen. 
"You only fool yourself if you thought you can change him, or he will change for you. He will not." 
"I have spent years with him, Sabian. I can’t walk away and pretend those years have never happened." 
"Are you going to waste another ten years? Twenty years? Thirty years with him?" Sabian patted her arm again. "You have been waiting for him for ten years and that’s enough." 
Nala didn’t want to admit that her waiting was not worth it. She held for the hope that Lou would come around eventually, whether it was ten years from now or twenty years... 
However, three years later, the reality hit her when Sabian passed away. 
He died alone in his room. There was no one by his side. He didn’t have a woman, a child and even the person that he served as his master was miles away. 
They could only reach Lou two days later after they buried Sabian. 
Nala stared at him, watching how the merchant only stood there silently, he didn’t even shed a tear, even though Sabian had dedicated his life to him, but he didn’t even have a single tear to offer to the poor old man. 
"How could you be so cold, Lou?" Nala couldn’t understand that. 
"This is how I am. Give it up if you wished to change me." He then walked away from Sabian’s grave. 
The way Lou treated Sabian’s death bothered her. If Sabian’s passing couldn’t even move his heart, let alone her. 
This thought kept bothering her mind and she couldn’t sleep properly. She felt sick in her stomach, as she reevaluated everything. 
However, no matter how hard she was rethinking about everything, three years later, Nala was still with him. During this period of time, Lou had been very busy because the king’s health started to decline and he had to help with the state affair, being there for Iris’s sons. 
But one day, life really knocked her head so hard. 
"I am pregnant," Nala said. She was thirty eight right now and she didn’t think she would have a child at this point. 
Lou stared at her for a while. "So? Go ahead and tell the father." 
"You are the father, Lou!" Nala shouted, she didn’t believe with the way he insinuated that she slept with someone else. They had never talked about this, but after Nala ended thing with Kian, Lou was the only man that she had been slept with. 
"Okay, no need to shout." Lou raised both of his arms. "Don’t worry, I will ask the royal healer to make a good concoction to abort the child."
It felt like a pang in her heart. "I want to keep the baby." 
"I don’t play father." 
"You play father to Iris’s children! Why can’t you play father to your own child?!" 
"Because I don’t want to have anyone with my flesh and blood! Damn it!" Lou cursed under his breath, while Nala was crying. "You are going to abort the baby." 
"No. I am not." Nala shook her head. For the first time, she really wanted something. For the first time she determined on something and she wanted to be a mother. She wanted this baby. 
"Damn it, Nala!" 
"If you wanted to leave, go! I will not stop you! But, I will not give up on the baby!" 
Lou threw a dagger look at her. He looked like he was going to kill her right there and then, probably the thought flickered in his mind. 
"We will talk about this later," Lou said before he walked away from her and Nala broke down, crying so hard, she couldn’t breathe. 
Lou didn’t return for three months and when he did, he found Nala was sleeping in the same room that they shared. She was visibly pregnant, you could see her little bump. 
And for a long moment, Lou only stood there, staring at the woman. No one could tell what was in his mind, but then he left before Nala woke up, so she didn’t know that he was there. 
However, Lou returned that night to have a talk with her. 
"It will be too late to get rid of that thing in your stomach," Lou started. 
"’That thing’ is our baby, Lou." 
Lou scrunched his nose. He didn’t like the idea. Nala hated it that she remembered everything about this man when Lou might be not remember even her favorite color. 
"I am not playing father with the baby. I will leave after the coronation." 
This was a big news for Nala, because she didn’t see this coming. "For how long?" 
"I don’t know. Maybe a year or two, or maybe five years or ten." Lou stared at her stomach. "If you are going to raise the child, you are alone."
###Chapter 1010: SIDE STORY (LOU): TOUCH ME
Chapter 1010: SIDE STORY (LOU): TOUCH ME
Nala didn’t know what to say at this point, she only stared at Lou in disbelieve. He was going to be with Iris, even though it was very clear that he would be an afterthought. 
"You know that the queen will never see you in the same way you saw her, right?" 
"I am not that dumb, Nala. I figured that out long time ago." Lou stretched his body. He still looked the same. Magic users tended to age very slow. 
"Then why?" Nala felt like crying, but she held herself back. She had bottled up this emotion for so long. She was no longer her younger self, who would cry in the drop of a hat and become very impulsive. "You can have a family here, with me, with our child. We can build a life together." 
"That’s the problem Nala." Lou looked at her, grinning and for a moment, Nala wanted to sucker punch his face. "I don’t want a family. I had one and that’s so bad." 
"We can make it better." 
"But, I still don’t want it." 
"You don’t have place in her life, Lou, you know that too." 
"I don’t have place anywhere, Nala." 
Lou was determined that he was going to leave and there was no amount of talk that could persuade him otherwise. Nala knew since the very beginning that it was a lost argument for her. 
"I only wanted to tell you that if you insisted to have that baby, you are on your own." Lou sighed deeply. "But, if you agreed to get rid of it, I will take you to Andelus continent with me." 
"What will I get?" Nala felt very bitter. "Will I still be someone who warm your bed?" 
"You make it sounds so bad." Lou frowned. "You will come with me and we are... just like we always are." 
Nala’s chest tightened, she was not going to let this affect her, but his answer really broke her heart into million pieces and she didn’t want to cry in front of him. 
"Let’s come with me, Nala. You have been living in this continent for your whole life, don’t you want to see the world out there? The world beyond the sea?" Lou looked excited with his suggestion. "I am already used to have you around. Come with me." 
Nala pressed her lips, she made a point. "I can only come with me if I got rid of the baby?" 
"Yes." Lou glanced at her little bump. "I don’t want a child. I don’t want a family." 
"You only want someone that you are familiar with," Nala concluded it for him. 
"Exactly." 
The decision was not easy, the words were heavy and once it left her lips, she felt like she was going to take it back, but Nala stilled her heart. 
"I choose my baby." Nala clenched her fists. "I choose my child. I am going to have my baby and if it meant it will be the end of it, so be it." 
Lou stopped smiling, his expression turned serious. "You chose the baby over me." 
"I chose my baby over everything else." Nala felt her heart was torn apart. 
It was not only Lou, who used to have her around, the feeling was mutual. They had been together for so long, it was so hard not to have each other anymore. 
They didn’t put a name in this weird relationship, but it didn’t mean their feeling was not real, but no matter how hard Nala tried, if Lou didn’t let her in, it wouldn’t work. 
"It’s a goodbye then?" Lou crossed his arms in front of his chest. He stared at the woman before him. It was a weird feeling that he had for her. 
Meanwhile, Nala tiptoed and pecked his lips, while whispering to his lips. "Goodbye, Lou. Those years I have spent with you were the best moment in my life." 
And after saying that, Nala turned around and left, but Lou could feel how her shoulders trembled, she was crying silently, the sight of her back looked so pitiful. She looked so small and defeated. 
However, the coronation was around the corner and for the past three days, Lou didn’t see Nala at all, because she moved from their shared bedroom. He knew for sure that she didn’t lack of anything, because she had access to his fortune and she could use them as she pleased. 
At first, Lou thought Nala would go somewhere else, but she chose to stay in an inn, in which Lou bought the inn, so she didn’t need to pay the rent. 
"Are you crazy?" Redmond scrunched his nose in disgust. "You bought an inn just because she is staying there? If you wanted to be that crazy, why don’t you just raise your own child? I bet it will be one of the craziest experiences you could have." 
"Someone like you will not understand about investment," Lou grumbled. "Buying a property in a capital city is good, because the value of it will raise every year." 
Redmond scoffed. "Yeah, say that to yourself and I want to see how convince you are with your own words." 
Lou ignored his remark. "More so, I don’t want to have a child. What benefit I will get to have a drooling baby?" 
Redmond scowled at him. "I am happy, you know." 
"Don’t tell me that when you yourself didn’t want the baby in the first place." 
But right at that time, a little girl rushed toward Redmond with opened arms. She smiled at the redhead warrior, giggling as she hugged her father. 
"Papa!" Nadia kissed Redmond’s cheek and hugged him tightly, while her brother and sister approached them. 
Nadia was Redmond’s second daughter, Sofia gave birth to her five years ago. They didn’t expect this pregnancy, but Redmond had fallen head over heel from the first moment of Sofia’s pregnancy, because this would be his first experience to watch closely how the baby grew and witness Sofia’s baby bump, feeling his baby first move and so many more. 
Redmond bragged about that to Lou. 
"Enough! Go to hell, Red!" Lou stormed off, he didn’t like to be told. 
However, when he returned to his bedroom, he became more upset, because he was alone. Sabian had died and his twin brother had died a year prior, Nala was not here and he couldn’t go to Iris, since she was busy with Cane. 
He had spent so many hours with Zander, Zenitha and Zaya, and now there was nothing he could do, but stared at the ceiling. 
"Damn it, why my life is so boring." 
Out there was the preparation for the coronation, people were talking excitedly and they were in high spirit, many people came, but all Lou wanted to do was to hide, until he couldn’t take it anymore and go out. 
He met with a few merchants, but the conversation ran dry. They talked about the same thing over and over again, bragging about their wealth and women. 
"Give me that woman," Lou said to one of the merchants. Because Cane created a new rule in this continent, a brothel was a legal activity and these merchants, who came here, needed to bring their own women to meet their needs. 
"Go to him." 
A woman with black hair that reached her waist approached Lou with her coquettish smile, she followed him to the room next door and started to strip off her dress, standing naked in front of him, while he sat down on a chair, stared blankly at the beauty. 
"Do you want me to undress you?" She asked, sitting on his lap and started to grind herself against him, but Lou didn’t answer her, thus she took the initiative to take off his clothes. 
The woman tried so hard to make him excited, she kissed him, touched him and did everything, but it didn’t arouse Lou at all. 
"What the hell?!" The woman finally frustrated, she was tired already, but Lou didn’t cooperate. "Are you dysfunctional?" 
Lou frowned, that was an insult, but he was worried as well. "Maybe because you are not attractive enough to get me hard." 
The woman stormed out of his room, cursing on her way out and slammed the door. 
Lou scratched his head and stared at his member that was still soft. "Damn it, what a waste of beauty." He flicked his member, annoyed. "What the hell? Is it broken?" 
Didn’t know what to do, Lou dressed up and strolled around the capital city, but his legs took him to the inn he just bought recently. 
"What are you doing here?" Nala frowned to see Lou standing outside of her door, but the merchant said nothing and went inside the room. 
Nala was immune with his weird behavior, thus she didn’t feel uncomfortable, only a little bit worry, because Lou didn’t look like usual. 
But, when she went inside, she found Lou was laying down on her bed. 
"Excuse me, if you wanted to sleep, you can find another room. You bought this inn after all." Of course, Nala knew about that. 
Lou opened his eyes and then tilted his head to look at her. "Hey, can you touch me?" 
"What?" 
"Touch me." Lou repeated his word again, as if there was nothing wrong with that. "Come here, hurry and touch me." 
However, Nala was having none of it, she grabbed a pillow and started to beat him up. "Get out! Get out from my room!" 
"Hey! You don’t need to be so violent like this!"
###Chapter 1011: SIDE STORY (LOU): A MISSING PIECE
Chapter 1011: SIDE STORY (LOU): A MISSING PIECE
After being kicked out from his own property, Lou intended to go to Iris, but at this hour, she most likely be with Cane and tended to him. He wanted to go to Redmond, but he didn’t want to see a child and that redhead warrior had a little girl. 
In the end, he went to Ethan’s place, but the gamma was away and there was only Aliana. 
"What are you doing here?" Aliana crossed her arms in front of her chest. She judged him. "You look so awful." 
"Nala just kicked me out." 
"I am going to do the same." 
Lou grumbled. "At the very least, let me in." 
"No. My mate is not here. I don’t want there is a rumor about it." 
Both of them made a look when they imagined there was such nasty rumor about them. That was very terrifying, more than anything that they had ever heard. 
"Go back to your home, Lou." 
Lou had a lot of properties, countless houses, more than he needed, but he didn’t have a home. A place that he could call home did not exist. 
"I don’t have a place anywhere, Aliana." Lou rubbed his face roughly, he stared at the vast night sky. He didn’t even know what he wanted now. 
He was interested in Iris and seeing her would always excite him, but this feeling wouldn’t go anywhere. He didn’t think it would go somewhere either. 
"I don’t talk about place, Lou, sometime home is not always about a house, but someone that we are comfortable with." 
Aliana had heard what happened between him and Nala and she understood why this merchant looked like a headless chicken, but Lou was very stubborn to admit it, it was hard for him to accept something that he was not familiar with. 
Aliana felt bad for Lou, but that feeling changed in a blink of an eye with his respond. 
Lou frowned. "Don’t talk to me with gentle tone. You gave me goosebumps." He shuddered. "Being that kind doesn’t suit you." 
The sympathy that Aliana felt for him disappeared, evaporated into thin air. "Go away, Lou! Nala was right to kick you out! Scram!" 
"Hey! I am going, I am going!" Lou grumbled and then walked away. 
"I will let Ethan know that you come over," Aliana said before she closed the door and she indeed sent Ethan to Lou when the gamma just returned. 
"What did you do to my mate?" Ethan kicked Lou’s back, as he sulked near the river. It was not that hard to find him, because his scent engraved in his mind. That was an annoying fact for him. 
"I didn’t do anything!" Lou rubbed his back and caught the thing that Ethan tossed to him. It was a waterskin, but both of them knew what was inside. Lou indeed needed a little bit alcohol in his system. 
"You came with your morose look on your face." 
"Is that even a crime?" Lou gulped down the alcohol. "The city is still lively." 
"Tomorrow is the coronation." 
Both of them fell silent, as they immersed into the festivities. Those dark days during the war and the slavery seemed like a long dream, the memories during that time had started fading away, it replaced by good ones, though sometime it would come to hunt them in their nightmares, but it was not often. 
"So, you are leaving?" 
"Yes." 
Ethan nodded. "Please, take a good care of them." 
"What do you mean? They should be the one, who took a good care of me, because I am willing to go with them." 
Ethan scoffed in disdain. Lou didn’t change at all. He still wanted to beat him up sometime. "And you are going to leave Nala and your baby behind?" 
With that question, Lou actually fell silent. 
"How is it to have a child?" 
"You need to ask Redmond about that." Ethan gulped down his drink and Lou didn’t talk about that again. 
Actually, there was not much that the two of them were talking about, they didn’t even touch the main topic about why Lou was restless. 
But when the sky started to turn brighter, Ethan stood up and stretched his body. "You should have taken Nala with you and raised your baby together." 
"No. I will not do that." 
Ethan shrugged his shoulders. "You are going to regret that." He looked at his old friend. "If you could handle the problem in this kingdom and help to build it, handling a child will not that hard." 
"This kingdom doesn’t poop and pee." 
"Right, but surely this kingdom has some shit." 
After that, Ethan went away. Because of this merchant, he had to stay all night and now, he had to take care of the coronation without a blink of sleep at all. 
Meanwhile, Lou stayed in the same place until it was time for Zander to be crowned, only then he appeared after he cleaned himself up. 
The coronation itself went very well, Cane was in his good day and they were having their festivities, but once the night came, Cane and Iris would leave to Chrystal Moon pack, as they would leave with the earliest ship. 
Lou had packed everything, but he still felt there was something missing. He checked again and again, but he was certain there was nothing that he missed, but why he felt like he had forgotten something important? 
He knew what he missed, he simply didn’t want to admit that. 
However, when it was actually his time to leave, he didn’t go immediately to their meeting point, he only sent someone to tell them that he would go to the harbor with a portal. 
Iris didn’t want to use the portal, because she wanted to enjoy their journey to the harbor. They didn’t know when they would return, or if they would have a chance to comeback at all, thus she wanted to cherish the moment. 
And this time, Lou used a portal to appear in Nala’s bedroom. She was sleeping. He stared at her for a while, thinking of what to do. 
It seemed, his mind worked harder than usual. 
============================== 
After the festivities, Nala was very tired, this pregnancy was rather hard on her, because she constantly felt exhausted and sleepy. More so, she was alone. She didn’t really have friend, only a few people that she used to talk here and there, thus she endured everything alone. 
However, when she woke up, she felt there was something different. There was something not right. She felt like the bed was swayed. 
"Hm?" Nala felt the motion for a moment, thinking that she was still sleeping and this was a dream, but it felt very real. She could hear someone talked in the distance. 
Despite still sleepy, Nala forced herself to open her eyes and she screeched when she saw this was not the room she stayed in. 
"What happened?!" Lou barged in when he heard Nala was screaming. "What is it?" 
"Huh?" Nala furrowed her brows. Her thought of being kidnapped disappeared. The sight of him was enough to give her a sense of relief and safety. "Where am I?" 
"In a ship." 
"What? Ship?" Nala felt like her brain didn’t work properly. "How can I be in a ship?" 
"I took you here with a portal when you were sleeping." 
Lou didn’t think straight. He knew that he had to make a decision. He had to leave, but he couldn’t shake this missing feeling, as if he forgot something, thus he carried her here, thinking that she was the missing ’thing’. He was right though. 
"Did you just kidnap me?!" Nala was in disbelieve. She wanted to go with him, but not in this way! 
"How can I kidnap you when you are mine to begin with?" Lou looked at Nala innocently. "Don’t have a strange idea." He flicked her forehead. "What I meant is; you are mine, just like the property in the capital city, the ship that I owned, also..." 
Lou didn’t get to finish his sentence when Nala threw a pillow at him. 
"Hey! Is the pregnancy turned you into a violent person?"
"Go to hell, Lou!" 
"I am going to take you with me if I have to go there." 
Nala was speechless. She didn’t know what to do with this merchant. But then she gasped sharply and placed her hand on her stomach. 
"What is it? What happened?" Lou approached Nala. "There is no healer here, don’t get sick. Oh, there is Iris though..." 
Nala ignored him, as she caressed her belly. 
"What is it?" Lou asked again, impatient. 
"I think the baby is kicking me," Nala said, unsure because it happened so fast. 
"Are you sure that thing is moving? Not you who is hungry?" 
Nala glared at him. "Stop calling the baby with that ’thing’! This is our child!" 
"Okay! Okay..." Lou raised both of his arms, but then Nala made that face again. "What is it? That... the baby kicked you again?" 
"Do you want to feel it?" 
Lou looked hesitated. He was still hesitated to grasp the concept that he was going to be a father, but Nala took the initiative to take his hand and place it over her belly. 
"Can you feel that?" Nala was excited. She didn’t imagine she would feel the first movement of her baby with Lou by her side. 
Lou widened his eyes. "Should I kick the baby back?" 
"Lou!" Nala got the pillow and started hitting him. 
"I am just joking! I am just joking! Stop hitting me!"
###Chapter 1012: SIDE STORY (LOU): HOW IT’S DONE
Chapter 1012: SIDE STORY (LOU): HOW IT’S DONE
Andelus continent was not the same like Ogregon continent, everything was rather confusing here for Nala and as someone, who didn’t interact much with people, she found herself was alone and lonely. 
And with the fact that Lou would disappear for days or weeks it didn’t help at all. 
And even though there were two servants that Lou paid to accompany her and help with whatever, Nala craved his presence. 
"Are you going again?" Nala asked, she was eight months pregnant now. It was hard for her to move around and when she talked to Lou about this, hoping he would stay with her and help, his answer was to add more servants and guards to be around her. 
And now, every time Nala was going out, it would look like she had a small entourage that tailed behind her. 
"What? Is there food do you want to eat again?" 
Lou was not completely neglectful. He would fulfill whatever Nala wanted when she craved for something, aside from his time. 
"Can you stay? I really want you to stay." Nala stared at him, she didn’t know how to communicate her feeling anymore when she had told him the same thing countless time. 
"What is it? Is there jewelry that you wanted?" 
Nala sighed. "I don’t want those things. I only want you to stay with me. Can you do that? I really feel lonely." 
"I will add more servants for you." 
"Lou!" Nala was frustrated. 
They lived in the biggest house in the capital city of Andelus Continent and Lou started his business here, therefore he had been busy. Actually, he didn’t really need to help Cane and Iris, as they lived in the Holy Kingdom. 
"What? What did I do wrong again this time?" Lou was also frustrated. 
"I want you to be here with me!" Nala was upset. 
Lou fell silent for a while. "Why do you want me to be with you? I was here three days ago." 
Nala opened her mouth and then clamped it again, she was furious, but she kept her composure. "Fine, if you wanted to leave. Go. You can come back when your child could run around." 
After that, Nala went to her bedroom and cry, feeling very upset and emotional, until she fell asleep and just woke up because she felt someone stared at her intently. 
She was startled when she opened her eyes and found Lou had been staring at her. He was sitting on the floor like a petulant child. 
"Why are you here?" 
"Woman!" Lou groaned. "You told me to stay and now you asked me why I am here?" 
Nala wiped her face, she could feel the wetness on her cheeks, it seemed, she was crying even in her sleep. 
"I thought you left." 
"How can I leave when you are this upset." 
"I have more upset than this, but you still left." 
Lou groaned again. He poured a cup of water and handed it to her. "Stop crying. You are so ugly when you cried." 
"I really wanted to hit you right now." Nala took the cup and gulped down the water, she felt slightly better and with the fact that Lou actually was here with her, she felt good, but she wouldn’t admit that. "So, why are you here?" 
"I told you, right?" 
"Even after all these years I have been with you, I still couldn’t understand you, Lou." Nala shook her head. "So, tell me why are you avoiding me?" 
"I am busy. This is not the first time I left you for long time, right?" 
Lou was right, but Nala felt there was something more and before she could prod, Lou admitted it himself. 
"Sometime, it’s hard to be around you." 
Nala felt her heart skipped a beat, she was afraid to hear the reason, because her first thought was Lou would leave her because she was not attractive anymore. Many men would leave their pregnant women to find other women to satisfy their needs anyway and Nala had witnessed that more than she wanted to. 
She could understand if Lou met his needs somewhere else, though it hurt her, but she grew up to normalize such behavior. 
Despite not wanting to hear the reason, she asked anyway. "Why? Why it’s hard?" 
Nala wished Lou would just admit that he slept with another woman and not the fact he regretted to bring her here and wanted to send her back, along with her baby, just like his initial plan. He didn’t want this child to begin with. 
"Why?" Nala prodded again when Lou didn’t give her an answer. 
Lou looked her up and down, which made Nala felt self conscious, she knew that she gained a lot of weight due to her pregnancy, but she couldn’t help it. 
"What is it?" Nala felt like she was about to cry. Damn. She was being too emotional. 
"You look like a whale, but why I found myself attracted to you? Do you think I am into a big size woman?" 
Hearing that, Nala was speechless. For a moment, her brain stopped functioning, but then she became annoyed with the name calling. 
"What did you say? A whale?!" 
"Hey, I said I am attracted to you, don’t forget about that part!" Lou defended himself against Nala’s attack when she hit him with pillow. He made a mental note to get rid of those pillows before he made any confession. 
"You just called me a whale when I am pregnant with your child?!" 
"I am attracted to you, I am attracted to you, don’t cut out that part!" 
"What? Is that supposed to be a compliment?" 
"Cant’ it be?" Lou groaned, he caught the pillow. "Okay, stop it, stop it!" 
Nala was too upset to speak. Somehow, she was still unable to figure out how this man chose his words. "Did you sleep with another woman?" 
"No. But, I went to see women as big as you." Lou immediately put away the pillows before Nala could attack him again. "But, I didn’t sleep with them. I was not attracted to them. They are annoying. Talking too much..." 
Lou laid down on the bed, using his arms as pillow behind his head, while staring at Nala. 
"So you have been avoiding me because I turned you on?" 
"Hm." Lou nodded. 
"Then why don’t you tell me?" 
"How can I do it with you when your belly got in the way?" 
Nala facepalmed herself. "So, what do you think they did it when their partner was pregnant?" 
"That’s why men found a mistress, right? Or else, they need to be celibate." 
Nala didn’t know whether she had to laugh or to cry at this point, but in the end, she had to admit it that this whole situation was rather hilarious. 
"Come here, I will show you how it’s done." Nala then straddled Lou and she could see how the excitement sparked in his eyes. "Sometime you are very immature." 
================================= 
It was a bright day, a beautiful day with clear sky, but Lou’s expression looked very gloomy. No amount of convincing that could calm him down. 
It was weird because this was not the first time he watched someone gave birth. He was there when Iris gave birth to her first twin and the situation was really chaotic, but this time, he couldn’t stop moving around. 
"Lou, sit down, you make me feel dizzy." Nala grimaced in pain, she was going to give birth and everything had been prepared perfectly, she only needed to follow the instruction. This would be a safe delivery. 
"When the baby is going out?" Nala had been in so much pain and this bothered him more than he was willing to admit. "I am thinking of..." 
"Don’t think..." Nala immediately cut him off before he could tell her what he was thinking. "I don’t want you to think, I want you to sit here next to me." 
Lou obliged. He sat down and held Nala’s hand, tried to use his power to alleviate the pain. 
Thankfully, it didn’t take long for Nala to suffer through the contraction, because an hour later, she gave birth to a beautiful baby girl. 
Lou stared at the little one, who was writhing against her mother’s chest, breastfed for the first time after she was being cleaned. 
"Do you want to hold her?" 
"No." Lou shook his head, but he plastered Nala and the baby, nudging his baby’s cheek and little hand. "So this is the one, who has been kicking you every night?" 
================================== 
"So, choose. You need to think about your options and make a better judgment of what you are going to do." 
Lou held two parchments, his expression was very serious, as if he was going to make an important deal. 
"What are you doing?" Nala entered the room and found this absurd scene. 
"I am teaching her of how to do business." 
Nala closed her eyes for a moment. "Lou, Leah is only eight months old." 
"We need to teach her from a young age," Lou retorted. He was still holding the two contracts in his hands. "So, what do you think? Which one is more profitable?" 
The baby giggled, she made noises and crawled toward Lou, her dimples were so cute, as she got one in her father’s left hand. 
"Good girl!" Lou caried the baby and kissed her cheeks. "I know you have keen eyes for business!" 
"Lou, she chose that because you tied her toy in it." 
"Sst! Don’t ruin the moment," Lou shushed Nala.
###Chapter 1013: SIDE STORY (REDMOND) HAPPINESS
Chapter 1013: SIDE STORY (REDMOND) HAPPINESS
Rye was nine years old when he shifted for the first time and Redmond was there to guide his son through the entire process. He was very patient and comforting when Rye was having a hard time in his transition. 
"Mama, is Rye in pain?" Lucia asked, she looked like she was about to cry, because she didn’t want her sibling to be hurt. 
"It’s okay, your father will make sure he is fine." 
Sofia and Lucia stood by the side, watching the two of them, while the little girl held her mother’s hand tightly. 
Lucia was not the child that Sofia gave birth to, but she was part of the family and Redmond was fine to have her as his daughter. He treated her as if she was his own. 
However, Lucia was well aware that the two of them were not her biological parents. They would take her to visit her real parents in the beautiful part of Goffa Mountain every now and then. 
"Oh, Rye shifted!" Lucia clapped her hands when she saw Rye finally managed to shift swiftly. He has the same fur like their father, grey in color. "I want to touch him!" 
Lucia let go of Sofia’s hand and rushed toward her brother and father. She giggled when the little grey beast licked her finger and nudged her. 
Meanwhile, the big one approached Sofia and nudged her hand. "What? Do you want to be stroke also?" Sofia laughed when the big grey wolf licked her hand. "Don’t act cute, you are not cute at all." 
Sofia then shifted into her beast too, as the four of them spent their time in the hill behind the pack house, until evening came. 
"There are children here," Sofia said, she pushed Redmond from her when his kiss started to be more intimate. 
"They are sleeping." 
"Redmond..." 
Redmond groaned. He got off from Sofia’s body and rolled to the side. His two children were tired after spending their time playing and now they were sleeping soundly and it left to them to carry them back to their home. 
"Let’s go back, it’s getting cold here." Sofia stood up and wanted to carry Lucia, but Redmond stopped her. 
"I will carry them both." 
"Owh...!" Sofia teased him. "I can see how strong you are." 
Redmond rolled his eyes, he then carried his children in each arms, as they hugged him. He never imagined that he would have this little family. It felt very normal and comforting when every time he went away, there would be these people, who waited for him to come home. 
His children would jump into his arms when they saw him, making him to feel welcomed and Sofia would greet him with a kiss. She made their house feel like home. 
Once they arrived at their house and put the children on the bed, Redmond immediately bothered Sofia, kissing her and teasing her. 
It was a beautiful night, a simple day and a meaningful one. He hoped, his every day would be like this and when Redmond thought back of what he had gone through, he was very grateful for today and all the day he spent with his little family. 
He would be so greedy if he asked for more, but life gave him more than he asked for when they figured out Sofia was pregnant again. 
Today was the day when Lucia shifted for the first time, she was so scared, but her father and brother were there to help her during her first transition. Her mother was there as well to encourage her. 
And finally, Lucia managed to shift into her honey brown beast. Her fur looked like gold under the light of the afternoon sun. 
Lucia was eleven and she nipped on her brother’s ear, as they playfully played together under Redmond’s watch, while Sofia looked a little bit lethargic. She had been feeling unwell, since this morning. 
"Mama, are you, okay?" Lucia asked when they walked back home. She looked at her mother with a furrow between her brows. Their little girl was very sensitive, especially when it came to her mother and Sofia was grateful to have her. A slap from Aliana was really worth it. 
"I am okay, honey." Sofia smiled. 
"You need to see Penny," Redmond said. "I will take you there." He looked worried too. 
"It’s okay, I will go there if tomorrow I am still feeling unwell." 
Unfortunately, the next day Sofia still felt under the water and she took her two children with her to see Penny, but the healer couldn’t figure out why she felt unwell. It was not every day to find a shifter to fall sick. 
However, by chance, Iris was also there, she smiled at Sofia and greeted Rye and Lucia. 
"Good morning, my queen!" Lucia and Rye looked happy to see the queen. They used to play with Zander, Zenith and Zaya. 
"Good morning, Lucia, Rye." Iris caressed their head and gave them a kiss on the cheek. She then walked over toward Sofia. "Don’t worry, Sofia. It’s normal for early pregnancy." 
The relationship between Sofia and Iris was not as stern as before, especially when she gave up her dream to be Cane’s mate and now when she thought back about that, Sofia felt very ridiculous to have such thought to be with Cane. 
Even she had to admit, no one was more suitable to be Cane’s mate than Iris. The title of queen did suit her greatly. 
Though the relationship between them was better than before, but it didn’t mean they were close, no matter what, Iris was still the queen, while Sofia was her subject. 
"What? What do you mean?" Sofia didn’t believe with what she heard. "But Penny..." 
"Your pregnancy is still very early, I am sure Redmond has not been able to pick up the change in your scent too." Iris smiled genuinely at her. "Congratulation." 
"Thank you..." Sofia replied sheepishly. She caressed her flat stomach. 
"We are going to have a baby?!" Lucia jumped up and down and Rye hugged his mother. 
"Did the baby hurt you? So, you are being sick?" He looked at his mother, his eyes took after Redmond so much, Sofia felt it was him, who was staring at her. 
"Of course not," Iris said, explaining the situation to Rye. "Your mother’s body is adjusting to your baby sibling, she will be fine in a few days." 
Unfortunately, Sofia was a special case. Her condition didn’t get better for the four months of her pregnancy. 
Later that night, Redmond was frowning when he entered his home and found the additional decoration. 
"Are we celebrating something?" Redmond asked. He carried his two children, who had been pestering him ever since the entrance door to come inside right away and meet their mother. 
Sofia had cooked delicious food for them and from the look of it, they definitely were celebrating something. 
"Did I miss something?" Redmond tried to remember, whether it was someone’s birthday. But, there was no special event for today. 
"Come here and sit down," Sofia said, she tugged Redmond to sit down and enjoy the food. 
"What is it? I feel something is off here." Redmond looked at the mischievous smile on Rye and Lucia. 
"You are thinking too much." 
Redmond sat down in his chair, but then he noticed there was this little chair next to Lucia. The chair in the dining table matched the number of their family, thus additional chair would look suspicious, but somehow, Redmond got the clue pretty fast. 
"Are you sure?" Redmond looked at Sofia incredulously. "You are pregnant again?" 
"Are you... happy?" 
"Why I wouldn’t?!" 
With that, Redmond danced with Rye and Lucia, celebrating new life, the new member of their little family. 
Somehow, this sight made Sofia teared up. This was her dream when she was little. The dream that she almost forgot, because she didn’t think she would be able to achieve it. 
It was a simple dream, a simple pray... 
Living as a mistress was not the life that she wanted for her and this simple life seemed so far away from her grasp. 
But today, she had a mate, who loved her, two beautiful children, who would light up even her darkest day and one more light that would be part of this little family. 
"Mama, why are you crying?" Rye came to hug his mother. "Did the baby hurt you again?" 
"No, honey." Sofia didn’t even realize that she was crying, which made Redmond came over with Lucia on his back. "I am happy. Really, really happy." 
This was her family, the people that would go to the end of the world for her, so did she. The people, who truly care about her. 
"If you are happy, why are you crying?" 
"This is a happy tear, honey." Sofia kissed his cheek. 
"I want to be kissed too!" Lucia said from Redmond’s back. 
"I want to be kissed too," Redmond said playfully, which made Sofia laughed. 
"Fine, I will kiss all of you, but you need to clean up the dinner, okay?" Sofia said, as she kissed them all. Redmond got two kisses, which made the two of them complained. 
After dinner, Redmond told Sofia to sit down and he and the children would clean up the table. They argued here and there, as Lucia complained that was not how Sofia cleaned the table and plates. 
"She’s like a mini version of you." Redmond sighed and Sofia laughed to hear that. 
Just a little bit more pray, Sofia wished, there would only be happiness...
###Chapter 1014: SIDE STORY (REDMOND): SHE IS MY DAUGHTER!
Chapter 1014: SIDE STORY (REDMOND): SHE IS MY DAUGHTER!
"She is so tiny!" Lucia was amazed to see her baby sister, she touched her baby little fingers and the little one grabbed it. "Oh! She holds me! She holds my hand!" She said excitedly. 
Rye came to them and climbed the bed as well. "I want it too!" He came closer to his mother, who was holding the baby against her chest. "What is her name?" He lifted his head, staring at his parents. 
"We are thinking about Nadia," Sofia said, she caressed her baby’s chubby cheek. Her heart swelled with happiness. She just gave birth to baby Nadia two days ago and everything went smoothly. "Do you like it?"
"Yes!" Lucia said excitedly and started cooing the little one. 
"Nadia, Nadia," Rye sang her name. 
Meanwhile, Redmond couldn’t believe this was his life right now. There was nothing more beautiful than the sight of his little family that kept growing. 
"Okay, it’s time for bed. Let’s go back to your bedroom." Redmond clapped his hands, he could be very stern with his children. "Your mother and your baby sister are tired." 
And came the complain as expected. 
"I want to stay for a while." 
"I want to be here with mamma and Nadia." 
"I don’t want to sleep." 
"Nooo..." 
Yet, no matter how they protested, Redmond was the one, who had the final said, as he ushered his children from the bedroom and tucked them in. 
They were going to have separate bedroom, but before that, they really needed to move to a bigger place. 
"We need to have at least, six to seven bedrooms," Redmond said to Sofia, after he put his children to bed. It was getting harder to keep them in check, as they started to rebel. 
"Six to seven? For whom?" Sofia handed the sleeping Nadia to Redmond, so he could put her in her crib. "Do you need your own bedroom?" 
"No," Redmond said straightforwardly. "Of course, for our future children." He put Nadia carefully and kissed her forehead, but while he was at it, he kissed her chubby cheeks, her fingers and her little toes too. The baby’s scent was amazing. 
"Hey!" Sofia slapped his arm lightly. "We don’t have any plan to have more children, do we?" 
"Just in case there is unexpected pregnancy again in the future," Redmond said, shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly and joined Sofia on the bed. He kissed her lips and thanked her. "Thank you for the hard work." 
Sofia giggled. She was very grateful that she chose to try to have a real family with this man, she was also grateful that Redmond was willing to try to have a family with her. 
It was hard in the beginning, since both of them were too prideful and strongheaded, but they overcame that. 
It was not easy to reach this point. 
"Thank you for always be with me." Even when the whole pack was against her for deceiving the alpha for her pregnancy, Redmond stood by her side. 
================================== 
"You are not their family," one of the little girls said. "Nadia is not your little sister." 
"She is my sister!" Lucia screamed at them, she was holding back her tears because these girls kept saying that she was not Redmond and Sofia’s child, thus Nadia was not her little sister, Rye was also not her brother. 
"How can you be her sister when you were born from different parents?" The second little girl said again. 
"Yes, your parents were already dead," the third little girl around their age chimed in. 
"Right. Your parents have a daughter now, they will love Nadia more because she is their real daughter." 
Lucia screamed at them and attacked them. She shifted into her wolf and clawed their faces. But, the three girls didn’t expect this outburst. One of them was not able to shift yet, while the other two was overwhelmed by Lucia’s swift attack. 
"What happened here?!" Joel immediately shifted into his beast and separated them. His large beast overpowered Lucia’s small one and pinned her to the ground, while the other two shifted into their human form again and started to cry. 
"Joel... Lucia attacked us... Hiks. Hiks." 
"She is being so mean..." 
"I am bleeding..." 
Joel then forced Lucia to shift into her human form again and called a few warriors to help. "Bring them to the healer." 
The three girls kept wailing, crying and asking for their parents. 
"Are you hurt somewhere, Lucia?" Joel asked because he couldn’t see any blood on her, or any wound, but just in case she felt pain somewhere that he could see. "What happened? It’s not like you to attack your friends." 
"They are not my friends!" Lucia screamed at Joel, which startled him, because he had known her ever since she was little, thus he knew that she was not usually like this. 
"What happened? Can you tell me what happened?" 
"Nothing!" 
"Lucia, you need to tell me, you attacked them. I need to give an explanation to their parents." Because they were in the training ground and Sofia and the other were on their daily training under Joel’s watch, he needed to get the bottom of it. 
"Nothing! Nothing!" 
"Lucia, I need to call Redmond or Sofia if you didn’t want to tell me." Joel asked the other warrior to inform this to Redmond, since he was currently also around the training ground. 
"No, don’t tell him!" Lucia wailed, she started throwing a tantrum. 
Joel approached her, he wanted to calm her down, but she swatted his hand harshly. It was unintentional, but her claws emerged, thus it drew blood on the back of Joel’s hand, which startled her too. 
"I am sorry..." Lucia said in small voice, she clasped her hands and felt guilty because she hurt Joel. "I didn’t mean it..." 
"It’s okay, Lucia." Joel was startled, that’s all. This kind of wound was nothing, more so it healed within a few second. 
However, when Joel tried to approach her, she saw her brother approached them, he looked worried and somehow, this made Lucia ran away. 
"What happened? I heard Lucia was fighting with her friends?" Rye asked, he frowned because he couldn’t see his sister. 
"I am not sure, but I will talk to the other girls. Go back home, I think she returned home." 
Joel didn’t chase after Lucia because he thought she wanted the comfort of her mother and because this was the first time Lucia was like this, he was being lenient. 
However, Sofia didn’t return home. She didn’t come home at all even after the sun set and this alarmed them all. 
Redmond gathered all the warriors under him to search for his daughter, while Rye wanted to go with his father, but Redmond told him to stay at home with his mother and Nadia. 
"I need you to be with them, okay?" Redmond talked to his son, giving him the responsibility and then kissed Sofia and his baby daughter. 
"Please, find her." Sofia looked like she was about to cry. It worried her that Lucia acted this way. 
"I will." Redmond ruffled Rye’s hair and then shifted into his beast. He and all the warriors scoured the area and also the Goffa mountain, but they couldn’t find her anywhere. 
It was raining the previous night, thus the ground was a little bit muddy, which made it difficult for them to get a hold of her scent. 
Meanwhile, Sofia went to the training ground, she held baby Nadia in one arm and held Rye’s hand with the other. She needed to know the story behind it. 
"Your daughter attacked our daughters!" One of the mothers of the girls screamed at Sofia’s face. 
"There is no way Lucia will attack them without any reason!" Sofia screamed back at them. She handed the baby to Rye, because she knew that she wouldn’t be able to hold her anger and it was not good to show this side of her to her children. "Go back and wait for mama with Finn, okay?" 
Finn carried the baby and took Rye away from Sofia, he knew that she would have a screaming match with the other three mothers. 
"Now, tell me what did you say to Lucia?!" Sofia asked the three little girls with stern voice. 
"What right do you have to scream at our daughters like that?! It’s very obvious that girl is unrestrained, she attacked our daughters! What explanation do you want!?" 
"I know my daughter! She will not do such thing!" 
"She is not your daughter!" 
Sofia was taken aback with the word, her anger turned into wrath. "She is my daughter!" She snapped at them and then it clicked in her mind. "Did you guys say something about this to Lucia?" 
Children used to say something about what they heard. If the mothers thought that way about her daughter, there was a possibility that they also had the same talk among their peers. 
The look of guilt on their little faces told Sofia everything that she needed to know. She was livid beyond words, once she learned about it. 
Thankfully, Joel and Hanna were there to calm her down. She really wanted to punch them on the faces. It was a good think that she just gave birth a week ago, thus she still couldn’t shift, or else, she would claw their faces too. 
"That’s how you taught your daughters?!" Sofia glared dagger at the three mothers, who were surprised by what actually happened, they lowered their head sheepishly, knowing how messed up it was when it was being said out loud.
###Chapter 1015: SIDE STORY (REDMOND): YOU ARE MY DAUGHTER
Chapter 1015: SIDE STORY (REDMOND): YOU ARE MY DAUGHTER
Everyone had looked around, but they couldn’t even catch Lucia’s shadow. It was almost morning and the sky had turned greyish, but they still couldn’t find the little girl. 
Redmond was livid beyond word. He couldn’t believe with what they had said to Lucia when he heard the reason for the fight and why his daughter was running away. 
He expanded the searching area and tried to think of a place that Lucia might visit. There was no way that little girl would be able to leave the capital city without anyone noticing it. More so, they must have gotten any news since they had been looking for her for a whole day and night. 
"Still no news?" Sofia asked Redmond when he returned to ask for Rye, whether he could think of a place that Lucia would use to hide. 
"No." Redmond shook his head. 
"Rye is currently sleeping," Sofia said, it was still morning and she didn’t get sleep a wink. "Ah! The queen!" She suddenly remembered. "Zenith happened to lose when he was little and the queen managed to find him! She had this ability to know the people’s whereabouts!" 
They must be very panic because Lucia suddenly ran away, therefore they forgot about this fact, but they couldn’t be blamed, since this ability of the queen was not well known for public, since the queen had a lot of things that she could do with her extraordinary power. 
With that, Redmond immediately rushed to the palace and request to meet with Iris. 
Because Blue Moon pack and the Howling Wolf pack had merged into one and they called this place as the capital city, thus the news about Lucia was missing had not yet reached the palace, after all, there were a lot of matters that needed to be handled. 
"Missing?" Iris’s sleepiness vanished. She granted Redmond’s request to see her because if he insisted to bother her sleep, there must be something very important. "What happened?" 
Redmond told her what happened. He was a little bit frustrated and angry for what they said about his daughter. "We have looked for her since yesterday afternoon." 
"But, only now you came to see me?" 
"I forgot about your ability." 
Iris shook her head. Because of their busy schedule, it had been a while since she saw Redmond in person, she met Sofia when she gave birth to her baby a week ago, but she was in hurry and couldn’t stay for long. 
"Figured."
Iris then didn’t waste more time to look for Lucia. The little girl was actually within the palace area, where she hid in Zaya’s bedroom. Lucia used to play with Zaya, since she and Rye played with Zander and Zenith. The four of them were good friend and if Lucia was inside Zaya’s bedroom, it meant Zander and Zenith also involved in this. 
It was indeed a perfect place to hide, since no one would look her inside the princess’s bedroom. 
"I will come with you," Iris said and the two of them went to Zaya’s room. The queen entered first and saw Lucia curled herself next to Zaya, the two of them were sleeping peacefully. 
Seeing this, Iris took the initiative and carried Zaya out of the room with her. Her daughter opened her eyes and called her, but fell asleep again. It was pretty obvious that she was not a morning person. 
"She is still sleeping, just wait inside." Iris patted Redmond’s shoulder. "You are a great father, Redmond." 
"Thank you. I really appreciated that." Redmond nodded politely at her. "You are also a great queen, Iris. This continent couldn’t have a better queen than you." 
Iris grinned at Redmond and then left with her sleeping daughter, let the warrior to enter the room, so he could sort thing out with her. 
Redmond entered the room and found Lucia was sleeping, she hugged herself. Even though it was faint, he still could see the stain of tears on her cheek and this made Redmond mad, not to his daughter, but to those people, who hurt her. 
He didn’t wake her up, but simply waited for her to wake up on her own, while waiting, Redmond thought about what he had to say to her and it took him three hours to wait until Lucia woke up. 
The little girl moved in her sleep and then opened her eyes groggily, she immediately startled when she saw Redmond was there, the look of guilty on her little face. 
"Father..." Lucia said sheepishly, knew that she was in trouble for not going back home. 
But, to her surprised, the first thing that her father asked was very different than she expected. 
"Hungry?" Redmond asked. 
However, Lucia burst into tears, she cried so hard, her face turned red. She missed her father and mother, also her brother and baby sister, but she was very upset and was afraid to go back home. 
Therefore, to see her father here and asked whether she was hungry instead of scolding her, she felt so awful. 
Redmond immediately came to her and hug her. He didn’t say anything, while Lucia was crying so hard, she was having a hard time to breath. 
He kissed his daughter’s head and patted her back to ease her feeling. This must be very overwhelming for her. 
And when Lucia finally slightly calmed down, Redmond let go of her and poured a cup of water, so she could moisten her dry throat. 
"I- I am sorry, father..." Lucia apologized, she choked on her drink and Redmond told her to take it easy. "I am sorry, I make you worry." 
"There is nothing for you to be sorry, Lucia," Redmond said, he kissed her cheeks. "You are right to be very upset. They are out of the lines, but you should handle it better." 
"I know, I am sorry." 
"No, what I meant was; if you wanted to fight them, do it when there was no one around." 
Lucia stopped crying and she blinked her eyes at her father. She looked confused. Her father looked even madder than her, as he told her that he knew what the other girls had said that caused her to be very upset. 
Of course, it was very annoying because they were only children, if it was their father, Redmond would love to fight them off, unfortunately, he couldn’t do that to little child. 
"Father, mother will be angry if you told me that. Mother said not to fight." 
"Well, this is an exception." Redmond huffed. He wanted to praise her for standing up for herself and clawed those girls’ faces, but it would be a bad parenting. "Nonetheless, you will be punished for this." 
Lucia lowered her head. She fiddled with her fingers, looked very guilty and sad. "Okay..." 
"Lucia," Redmond said, this time his tone was gentler, he pinched her chin and lifted her head to look at him. "You are my daughter. No matter what they said, you are my daughter. Family doesn’t mean you have to be blood related, family is the people that you are comfortable with, the people that close to your heart. The people that you love and love you back." 
Lucia started to tear up again, she blinked her eyes so she wouldn’t cry, while Redmond kept talking. 
"I lovey you, Lucia. Your mother and brother love you too, I am sure Nadia also missed her big sister." 
Lucia cried again and hugged Redmond tightly. "I want to go home..." 
"Sure, let’s go home. Let’s go to our family." Redmond hugged her tightly. "Don’t runaway again." 
Lucia nodded, she was still crying and shortly, the two of them shifted into their beasts and rushed back home. 
At first, Lucia was afraid to face her mother. If her father would nag her, let alone her mother, but the moment she entered the house and Sofia realized Redmond had returned with Lucia, she immediately hugged her daughter. 
"Where have you been? You made all of us worried!" Sofia hugged Lucia tightly, she kissed both of her cheeks. "Are you hurt somewhere? Are you hungry?" 
By this time, Rye had woken up and he immediately came to greet his siblings. "Lucia!" He hugged his sister too. "You should tell me if there was someone bother you." Rye frowned. "Next time tell me, okay? So, we can beat them up together." 
Lucia laughed and apologized to them. 
"You are my daughter, Lucia. Don’t let anyone to tell you otherwise." She caressed her daughter’s hair. "Yes, I didn’t give birth to you, but it meant, you have two pair of parents, don’t you think that’s great?" 
"I am sorry, mother, I will not do it again," Lucia said apologetically. "I am wrong to runaway from home." 
"You are my sister, no one will say otherwise!" Rye said firmly and Lucia nodded. He wiped her tears and took her hand. "Come, let’s see baby Nadia! She just woke up, I think she knew that you came home." 
The two of them went to the nursery room happily. 
"Where did you find her?" Sofia asked and Redmond told her about it. "She chose a nice place to crash." 
Redmond laughed. "I think she had a good taste." 
"If the princes and the princess helped her, the queen needs to have a talk with them." 
"Knowing Iris, I think they got some scold from her." 
And Redmond was right, Iris scolded her boys for not saying anything about it. 
"That’s Zander’s idea, not me," Zenith complained. 
"Zen, we are in this together," Zander protested.
###Chapter 1016: SIDE STORY (ETHAN): AN IDEA
Chapter 1016: SIDE STORY (ETHAN): AN IDEA
"What the hell?" Lou approached the table where Ethan and Redmond had started to drink. "You start without me?" 
Ethan and Redmond gave the merchant a nasty look. Both of them looked annoyed with his tardiness. He should have been here two hours ago, but he only showed up now. 
"What with that look?" Lou sat down on the third chair between Redmond and Ethan, as he took a bottle, unscrewed it and gulped down the liquid inside. "I always like this drink! So, what is the plan?" 
Ethan groaned. 
"Nothing has decided yet." Redmond nodded at Ethan. "He freaked out with all the ideas." 
"What a coward," Lou scoffed, which rewarded him with a glare from the gamma. 
"I don’t know what I was thinking when I asked you guys for help with this," Ethan groaned. He must be not thinking straight when he asked these two morons about how to ask Aliana for a ceremony. 
Well, people knew that they were together, but Ethan didn’t feel it was fair for Aliana to not have any ceremony. He wanted to make it official, but to ask her to do the ceremony with him, he wanted that to be a memorable moment. 
Now, Ethan could see how wrong he was since the very beginning when he chose these two as his advisors. 
"Fine, I will leave then." Lou and Redmond said in chorus, as they stood up, but Ethan immediately stopped them. 
"No! I have paid for the drinks, you have drink too many bottles. You need to at least give me an idea or two!" 
"I only drink this one! I will pay you back for this one bottle." Lou fished out his money, but Ethan shoved it down his pocket. 
"No. There is no return." He glared at the two of them. "Look, no one will go home until I have a great idea how to do it." 
"Just ask her to do that stupid ceremony." Lou looked annoyed, but the two of them sat down again. They even ordered more food. 
"Plain and simple." It was a rare occasion for Redmond and Lou to be on the same page. 
"No! I don’t want it to be plain and simple. I asked you two to be here to think of something memorable." Ethan frowned at them. "You really didn’t have any experience with woman, did you?" 
"Wow! It’s so rich coming from a guy who has been crushing for one woman since his teenage day!" Redmond mocked the gamma. 
Of course, they knew about this. 
"Seriously, if I have to count how many women I have been with, it could match your age," Lou said proudly, even though recently the only woman that he was stuck with was Nala. 
And as for Redmond, of course, you could tell he had been frolicking around when he was still the warrior of the Blue Moon pack. 
"Oh, shut up." Ethan glowered at them. "There is nothing to be proud of that. There is no need to settle score between friends." 
"Friend?" Redmond and Lou made a face. "We are not friend." 
"If we drink together, we are friend," Ethan said lightly. 
With that, Redmond and Lou put down their bottle. They didn’t want to be called as friend. An acquaintance was more than enough. Not friend. 
"Geez. Are you going to die to be called as friend?" 
And then, someone approached them. It was the beta, Jace happened to be around and he saw the three of them. 
But the closer he got, the more he realized that they were pissed of something. 
"What is it? Are you fighting?" Jace asked, he took a seat between Ethan and Lou. 
"We are not fighting." Redmond furrowed his brows, with Jace’s question, he felt like a child. 
"Not yet," Lou added. 
"I wonder, if the two of you were fighting, who do you think will win?" Ethan asked Redmond and Lou randomly, it seemed he was already a little bit tipsy now. 
"You will never find out who wins because one of us probably will kill you first," Lou replied, grinning from ear to ear because he managed to piss the gamma off even more. 
"I shouldn’t have joined you all." Jace shook his head. 
"Too late." Redmond nodded at Ethan. "You need to help him." 
"No! He is her brother!" Ethan complained. "Don’t tell him!" 
"What? Are you talking about Aliana?" Jace gave his attention to Ethan. 
"How do you know?" 
"Do you think, how many sisters I have?" 
Redmond rolled his eyes and then stood up. "I will take my leave." 
"No. You have not yet offered any idea." Ethan protested. 
"I have. Plain and simple, straightforward and blunt. That’s my idea." Redmond reminded him. "I have two five years old. I need to put them to bed." 
Redmond then left the three of them. 
Lou grimaced. "That’s why I don’t want to have children, they are really pain in the ass. Can’t they tuck themselves in?" 
"So? What is this about?" Jace eyed Lou and Ethan. As a big brother, of course, he wouldn’t let this matter slide lightly. 
================================= 
"Why do you have to drag me into in this too?" Redmond complained, he glared at Lou, but the merchant glared back at him. 
"If I have to suffer, I need to drag as many people to suffer along with me," Lou replied. 
"Can you both be quiet?" Ethan chided the two of them. He didn’t know what he was thinking when he got them involved in this important mission. 
After some begging and bribing, finally Jace could give him a great idea about this moment, but of course, he didn’t make it easy for Ethan. He only wanted the best for his sister and at some point, Ethan felt like he was asking Jace for the ceremony instead of Aliana... 
"How dare you to tell me to be quiet when I was the one, who found these fireworks in the market?" Lou glared at Ethan. 
"You have to pay for me to do this labor job," Redmond chimed in. 
"Oh, shut up," Ethan growled. But then, far away, he could see Aliana walked toward them. "Stay here and waited for my sign." 
The idea that Jace gave to Ethan was actually pretty simple. Aliana liked firework, thus he proposed to make the firework only for her, while they had a picnic in the open area at night. 
"I can’t believe I agree to do this," Lou groaned. 
"Yeah, me too." Redmond clicked his tongue. "I will leave once I am done with the firework. I don’t want to watch something that I will remember for the next few years." 
Meanwhile, Ethan approached Aliana with a big smile on his face. He looked very excited for their dinner date. 
"I cook for you!" Ethan declared. Jace told him to cook for his sister, because Aliana loved to see someone’s effort, well Ethan knew about that too, he knew all the thing that Aliana liked and disliked, but he was too nervous asked for validation too much. "Come, sit down. You need to try it." 
"Is that safe?" Aliana sat down and stared at the food that Ethan cooked. 
"Are you teasing me?" 
"No. I am serious." 
"Don’t worry, Lou and Redmond had tried them and they are still alive." 
Aliana laughed. "I don’t know if I have to be happy for that or not." 
Meanwhile, not too far from them, Lou and Redmond, who heard that groaned at that woman. 
"Should I shoot the firework at her instead?" Redmond asked. 
"Please do. I will cheer for you." 
On the other hand, Ethan and Aliana had their wonderful diner together, laughed and teased each other, while Lou and Redmond bored themselves to death to hear their cheesy conversation. 
"I feel like I am going to die." 
"I have nothing, but money." 
"I have nothing, not even money." 
Lou had put some spell around them, so Aliana wouldn’t be able to smell their scent, thus she didn’t have any idea that there were other people here. 
And then finally, the signal from Ethan. The two of them scrambles to light up the firework and be done with this torturing job. They shouldn’t have agreed with Ethan’s request in the first place. 
"Firework?" Aliana was surprised, she smiled at it. "What occasion is this? As far as I knew the king and the queen don’t have any special occasion." 
The night turned so bright and the colorful sparks studded the dark sky. This was the most beautiful firework that Aliana had ever seen. Of course, it did, Lou took so much pain to buy it. 
"Do you like it?" 
Aliana grinned at Ethan and then laughed. "This is not an attempt to propose, right? This trope you see in novel is overused. It won’t work. It’s so cliched." 
Ethan felt like he was going to have a heart attack when he heard that. Aliana then giggled, as if she remembered something. "What is it?" 
"This is something that Jace would do to his chosen mate if he would have one in the future. This is how he planned to confess to her." 
Aliana was too mesmerized with the firework, until she failed to notice Ethan’s face turned ashen. Only when the firework was done, she turned to look at Ethan. 
"What happened? You look upset." 
Ethan groaned. "What do you think to be the only child?" He asked. 
Meanwhile, the two people, who were in hiding laughed silently, until their stomach hurt when they realized about the fact of Jace’s idea.
###Chapter 1017: SIDE STORY (ETHAN): ALIANA’S PLAN
Chapter 1017: SIDE STORY (ETHAN): ALIANA’S PLAN
The ceremony between Ethan and Aliana went smoothly, it was a beautiful day, a perfect day to commemorate this perfect union. 
Zander and Zenith played with Lil Thing, Rye and Lucia joined them with Joel looked after the children, while the adult was busy to prepare for the ceremony. 
"You look beautiful, Aliana," Iris complimented her, there was tear in her eyes when she stared at Aliana. She loved this woman so much, she was like a big sister that she had never had. Hanna was also there, she was currently pregnant that would be due in two months. 
"The queen is right, you look so fabulous!" Hanna smiled so wide, as if today was her own ceremony. She had it with Will once the war had ended, but there was no celebration for it, because at that time the situation was still in disarray and it would be inconsiderate for them to have a celebration, even though Iris then insisted to have one, once the situation in the continent was stable. 
"Thank you," Aliana said. 
Sofia and Nala were also there, since their men were part of this ceremony, and despite their past, they got along well. 
And when Sofia walked out from the small tent where she was getting ready, Jace had been waiting there. He looked handsome in his formal attire. 
"I can’t believe that jerk got my beautiful sister." 
"Jace," Aliana called him in warning tone. "He is my mate now." 
Jace groaned. "You already took his side even before the ceremony." 
"Don’t be ridiculous." 
"Just tell him that I am going to skin him alive if he hurt you." 
"Oh, please. I am more than capable to do so," Aliana chuckled. "Moreover, we don’t need more violent. We had enough of that already." Aliana hugged Jace and kissed his cheek. "You are the best brother that one could ever ask for." 
"I know." 
"I take that back." 
The ceremony went smoothly, everyone was happy for Ethan and Aliana, the food were delicious and Grilla cooked a lot of it with the other omegas. 
Life was beautiful. 
Even for Carla. 
She liked Ethan, but she liked it even more when he was happy even though he was not with her. She knew her position and who she was. There was no way she could be compared to Aliana. More so, she had so much respect to her. 
She was happy for the two of them. 
After that day, there were so many happiness that followed, life started to be kind to them and the people around them. 
However, there was only thing that kept bothering Aliana’s mind. Even after five years, she was still not pregnant yet. 
She started to worry about this fact. Even though Ethan had never pressured her into anything or he insinuated that he wanted a child, but, Aliana knew that he really wanted to be a father. 
He was good with children. 
Every time he came to the orphanage, the little ones would rush toward him and hug him, play with him. Aliana could see how much Ethan enjoyed this moment with them. 
Therefore, it started to bother her when they reached seven years mark, but there was no sign from her womb and Iris could tell that. 
"Do you want me to check your body?" Iris asked one day when they were walking around the orphanage, in one of the queen visits. 
"Check what?" Aliana stammered. She looked at Iris with confusion, but she seemed to already know what she was going to say. 
"You don’t need to hide anything from me, Aliana." Iris clasped her hand. 
Aliana went silent and then nodded. "Yes, please..." 
But the result was not something that Aliana looked forward. Iris called Penny as well when she checked on Aliana. 
In short, because of what happened during the war and how Aliana was exposed to poisonous miasma a few times, it had side effect on her body. They only discovered this after so many years, thus the damage had been so bad. 
"I can heal Cane, I think I can do with you too," Iris said to cheer Aliana up, Penny also chimed in that she would help to find the right concoction for her. 
If only Grace was still with them, they would know what kind of concoction that she made with the water magic stone, since Iris didn’t have any idea about that and Penny couldn’t find her note. 
With that, Iris would treat Aliana every now and then, but after a year passed, there was no change. No matter how powerful Iris was, there was still something, a few things that she couldn’t heal with her divine power. 
"I need we need to stop this, my queen," Aliana said one day when Iris tugged her to an empty room in the orphanage like usual to get her treated. "I am glad for all the effort that you have done for me, but I think I have to accept this." 
"Aliana..." Iris was sad, she was disappointed on herself because she couldn’t help. "I am so sorry..." 
"Don’t worry, I don’t think this is because you are not helping, but the time is simply not right for me." Aliana smiled at Iris. "I am in my early forty, I don’t think it will be safe for me to have a child. Instead of living in endless hope, I want to accept it." 
"Aliana, let’s try again... I will look for..." 
"No," Aliana cut it short and clasped her hands, she hugged her. "I want to stop. I want to accept this." 
And that was it, Aliana still couldn’t bring herself to accept it now, but she knew that she eventually would make peace with her situation and condition. 
However, if there was still one thing that she couldn’t let go it must be Ethan. 
After her heartfelt conversation with Iris and she felt slightly better, she walked out of the room and found Ethan was playing with three little children. 
They were chasing after him and laughed mirthfully. It was a beautiful sight to see and Aliana could only imagine if those children were his. 
She was really curious to see how Ethan’s eyes would light up when she told him if she was pregnant, or how his reaction would be when he felt the first kick of their baby, or maybe how he would be panic during her labor. 
Aliana was curios of that. 
She was sad because she couldn’t experience it with him. She was sad because she couldn’t give him that kind of happiness. 
Ethan was still very young. He was younger than her and he could find another young woman to be with him. Someone that could make him happier than her. 
"What happened, Aliana?" Carla approached her. She followed her line of sight and giggled when Ethan made a silly face to tease one of the children. "Are you, okay?" 
Aliana stared at Carla for a while and smiled. "Yes, I am fine." 
"You look tired, why don’t you take some rest?" Carla suggested. She was always be this sweet girl, ever since she followed Aliana around to take care of the orphanage. She had known her for years and needless to say she could read her like an open book. 
"I still need to prepare a dinner, why don’t you come with me and help? If you don’t have another thing to take care of, I would love to have dinner with you." 
Carla was surprised, she didn’t answer her immediately. 
"I need help to prepare dinner. Can you come?" Aliana asked again. 
This time, Carla nodded hesitantly and then came with Aliana to her and Ethan’s house. They didn’t live in the pack house anymore after the ceremony. 
Ethan returned a little bit late and found his beautiful mate was preparing dinner. He immediately went to her and hugged her from behind, peppering kisses on her nape. 
"I miss you! I miss you!" Ethan said in his childish voice. Even after years had passed, this side of him didn’t change at all. 
"Stop it, there is someone else here," Aliana said, as she separated herself from him. 
"Carla?" With the mention of it, Ethan sniffed the air and realized that Carla was there. 
"She will have dinner with us," Aliana said cheerfully. 
And after that, the three of them had dinner together. It was a little bit awkward at first, because Carla had never had dinner with them, but Ethan was a very easy going person, he managed to lift the mood. 
However, it was not the first and the last time Carla was having dinner with them, because in a week, Aliana would invite her to come at least three to four times. 
"My Aliana," Ethan said, he always called her that way when he wanted to say something important, but didn’t want to make the situation feel very serious. "I noticed Carla came here very often." 
"Yes. I like her company." 
Ethan narrowed his eyes at her, but he couldn’t read her expression. She looked so light and casual, but this didn’t settle well with him. 
Currently, they were on their bed, enjoying each other company after making love to each other. He liked her sweet scent and her gentleness, but there was something wrong. 
"What plan do you have in your mind?" Ethan suddenly asked. 
"What plan?" Aliana asked, feigning innocent, but instead Ethan flipped her body and hovered above her. 
"I am not dumb, Aliana. I know you." Ethan’s eyes were so sharp, they stared deeply into her soul.
###Chapter 1018: SIDE STORY (ETHAN): I ONLY WANT YOU
Chapter 1018: SIDE STORY (ETHAN): I ONLY WANT YOU
Ethan could see her through little trick, but when Aliana denied it, he didn’t bring the topic again. 
But after that, Carla’s visit became less frequent, which made Ethan was more than happy, because he didn’t think he could digest her food properly. 
It was not that he disliked Carla, but he felt whatever crazy idea in Aliana’s mind right now wouldn’t be proper for any of them. He only wanted to be with his mate, that’s all and he thought it would only be a phase. 
However, Ethan was very wrong about that, because Aliana didn’t drop this matter at all, she only became subtle with it. 
"Why you didn’t come to the orphanage often again?" Will asked Ethan one day, because he didn’t see him for a few weeks now. 
"Hm?" Ethan raised his brows, feigning innocent. "Nothing. I was busy. Like usual, the king wanted to kill me by giving me a lot of things to do." 
"I doubted that. I saw you take a leisurely walk with Aliana a few times," Will called him out for his lies easily. 
Ethan laughed at that, but he didn’t give him a definitive answer. Thankfully, Will was not a busybody, thus he didn’t pursue the matter. 
The truth was; Aliana had been setting him up with Carla a few times. At first Ethan didn’t realize it, he thought it was only a coincidence when he went to play with the little children, Carla was ordered to get the water from there. 
Well, an encounter like that could happen anytime, nobody would take a notice of that, but then something similar happened again and again, which made Ethan wondered what actually was going on and every time, Carla would say that she came because of Aliana’s order. 
One day, when Ethan returned home, he found Carla was there, which shocked him. The young girl was also shocked when she saw Ethan walked into the house. 
"Aliana said there is no one here." Carla looked uncomfortable. 
"What now?" Ethan asked, he couldn’t help it anymore. 
"She asked me to fetch a magic stone in her bedroom, she couldn’t come herself because she needed to take care of something in the orphanage," Carla told Ethan the truth. 
Ethan growled deeply, which made Carla misunderstood that, she thought he was angry at her. 
"I am sorry, gamma Ethan. I didn’t mean to enter your house or your bedroom. I don’t feel this appropriate too, but Aliana said there would be no one here and she really needed the magic stone because she has some favor to ask to the merchant." 
The person that Carla meant when she said ’the merchant’ was Lou. 
"Give me that magic stone," Ethan said. He stretched out his hand and Carla gave the magic stone to him. "Don’t forget to close the door when you left." 
After that, Ethan left his house to go straight to Aliana in the orphanage. He was upset, but he didn’t want to be angry with her. 
"Here, the magic stone that you wanted." Ethan placed the magic stone on the table and Aliana looked surprise because he returned too fast, which made everything was clear for Ethan. 
However, the gamma didn’t want to talk about this right now, because he knew that he would be so angry. 
"Oh, thank you... did you meet with Carla? I forgot that I also ordered her to get the magic stone. I am sorry. I think I am getting old." Aliana tried to safe the situation without sounded too obvious. 
"It’s okay." Ethan nodded and then left. 
Yet, he didn’t go back to their house that night, he chose to crash in Redmond’s place, which annoyed the latter. 
"We don’t have place for you here, go back to your house." Redmond nudged Ethan’s body with his feet. He was annoyed because this gamma had been laying down for hours, didn’t say anything and didn’t do anything. 
Rye and Lucia came to him, but he was not as responsive, which made his children questioned Redmond about how weird uncle Ethan was. 
"What happened?" Redmond finally relented and sat down next to him. "I just dealt with the fact Lucia is having a crush on a little brat, don’t give me another headache." 
Ethan rolled his eyes and then got up. 
"Where are you going?" 
"You said I should leave." 
"Are you sulking?" 
"No. I am calm down now.’ 
Redmond didn’t understand what he meant with that, but it was a good thing that he did something and left his house. 
After that, Ethan returned to his house, but there was no one there. Aliana was not at home. There was only a simple note that said she was with Jace and not to worry. That was it. 
Ethan took a deep breath and went to their bedroom. It smelled like her. He missed her, but maybe being apart for a while would help them to clear their mind. 
After a long and exhausted day, Ethan fell asleep. It was so weird to sleep alone when he had spent countless night snuggled with his mate. Hugging her body when he drifted to sleep was the best feeling for her. 
And the next day, it was a bleak day for the gamma. He didn’t meet Aliana in the orphanage and the next day and the next day. 
One day, when Ethan came to visit the orphanage, thinking maybe today Aliana would show up, Carla came to him. She asked to talk to him alone. 
"Gamma Ethan, I am not sure what happened between you and Aliana, but I think there is a misunderstanding here," Carla started, she looked uncomfortable. "I think, Aliana thought I like you... I meant, I like you, but not in that way..." She fiddled with her fingers. "At least, not anymore..." 
She explained to Ethan of how she used to have a crush on him, she developed that feeling ever since their slavery day, but of course, neither of them wanted to recall those days. 
"But, really, I don’t have feeling more than just respect for the two of you, especially when I saw how happy you are together." Carla lifted her head and smiled gently. "I am really, genuinely, happy for you two." 
However, Carla told him of how Aliana acted weirdly lately. She acted as if she wanted to create an opportunity for the two of them and this made her felt uncomfortable. 
Of course, it was very obvious after the incident of getting the magic stone. 
"I don’t want there is a misunderstanding between the three of us. I feel sad when Aliana didn’t come to the orphanage again. She is like a big sister for me." 
Ethan didn’t know whether he should laugh or cry. He really wanted to be angry at Aliana, but also teased her of how silly she was with her plan because not only him, who could see through her, but even Carla could tell the same thing too. 
"Thank you for telling me this. Don’t worry, Aliana is only going through a rough time." 
And after that, they parted ways. 
After a week, Ethan finally came to visit Jace. 
"What is going on with you two?" Jace asked. He was not mad at Ethan, he actually was made at Aliana because he knew what actually was going on and he thought she was being very ridiculous. 
"I am not sure." Ethan shook his head and then entered the house, he found his mate was sitting in the dining table, staring at her meal with those empty eyes. 
She seemed not to realize that Ethan was there, she didn’t even notice the smell of his scent in the air. 
"Aliana," Ethan called for her, only then she lifted her head and tears streamed down her cheek. 
The sight of her crying melted all of her anger and annoyance, he came to her and hug her. The only thing in his mind right now was to calm her down. He didn’t want to see her like this, because the pain that she felt was something that he could feel too. 
"I am sorry, I am sorry..." Aliana cried. She knew her mistake and she didn’t want to see him because she was very ashamed of herself. Jace had scolded her for that. "I am sorry, Ethan..." 
Ethan hugged Aliana tightly. "I will never forgive you for set me up with another woman, Aliana. You are being very silly, no matter what is your reason." 
Aliana cried even harder. "I want you to have a family that you deserved. I can’t give you a child, Ethan... I will never be able to give you a perfect family." 
"You are my family, Aliana. You, Jace and all the people that went through hard time with us, are my family. What family are you talking about here?" Ethan knew what she meant. 
"A child." 
"I have told you years ago, I don’t want to have a child." The time when Aliana lost her child and Iris lost hers, the desperation and hopelessness in their eyes still engraved in his mind. "I don’t want a child, Aliana. I have told you that. I can tolerate it if it was a child that I have with you, but if you couldn’t give me one, I don’t want it from another woman. It’s you that I want. It’s always you." 
She was the first woman that he had a crush on and then he fell for her and after years, he only fell harder for her. 
"I only want you."
###Chapter 1019: SIDE STORY (WILL): THE LOVELY DRESS
Chapter 1019: SIDE STORY (WILL): THE LOVELY DRESS
The aftermath of the war was pretty devastating, they still couldn’t rest because there were so many things that they needed to handle, since the destruction across the continent was very massive. 
Therefore, after the war, there was no celebration and most people, though they were relief that everything finally came to end, they were shrouded by grief. They lost so many people that they loved the most and not only that, the damage because of the poisonous miasma and the backlashes had left almost all of them without a place to stay. 
With that, Cane and his people had to work hard to stabilize the situation in the continent, just in case the people from the other continent would use this moment to put pressure on them and claim their territory. 
There was no time for rest. 
Will was one of Cane’s people, thus it was understandable that he had a lot of assignment to do, which caused him to have little time for Hanna. 
However, every time he returned, he would find his beautiful mate there, welcoming him with warm food and pretty smile on her lips. 
"Thank you, Hanna," Will said, he stared at her, while she told him about her day and what she had been doing in the orphanage. He loved to hear her voice and how cheerful she was, it was the only thing that he was waiting for in the end of his exhausted day. 
"Okay, I will go back now," Hanna said, she stood up and was about to clean up the table after their dinner. 
Hanna didn’t live here with Will, she was still staying in the pack house, but she would come every day to clean up this place and cook for him, even though Will told her not to do it, because he knew how tired her day was. 
’If I didn’t do it, I don’t have a reason to see you.’ And when Will said that she didn’t need a reason to see him, she would say: ’I love taking care of you, so it is not an additional work for me.’ 
"I will put this food here, so you can eat it tomorrow, okay?" Hanna said, as she put away the remaining food. 
Will stood up and hugged her from behind. He buried his face against her neck. "Why don’t you live here?" He asked.
"Hm?" Hanna was surprised with the request, but actually, she had been waiting for him to ask her this, since she couldn’t bring up the topic. She didn’t want Will to think bad of her, more so, knowing what he had gone through, she didn’t want to appear aggressive and invade his space. 
"Stay here with me. So, I can take care of you too." 
"We are not a mate yet," Hanna said. 
"Let’s have a ceremony, only for the two of us." 
Because of their current situation, it would be very inconsiderate for them to throw a party or have some short of celebration, Zander and Zenith didn’t even have one when they celebrate their one year birthday, therefore a little ceremony for the two of them would be enough. 
"Stay with me, Hanna." 
With that, they had a small ceremony, where afterward, Hanna moved to stay with Will. Iris was a little bit upset because they didn’t tell them about the ceremony and wanted to throw a party for them, but Hanna and Will felt bad if they had one during this period of time. 
With that, they settled to have one once the situation was a little bit better and more stable. 
"Are you, okay?" Hanna asked, she touched his face when she saw he was getting very anxious. "We don’t need to do it if you were not ready. Let’s do it next time." 
Will shook his head. He didn’t want to humiliate Hanna. It would be very embarrassing for her if she went out there without a mark on her neck after everyone knew that they had the ceremony. 
"No. I can." Will gritted his teeth, he started to kiss her and take her to the bed, but the intrusive thoughts kept coming to his mind and this make him very desperate and angry with himself to let that moment overlapped the moment he had with Hanna. 
"Will?" Hanna stretched out her hands when Will gritted his teeth and he looked very tensed. 
"I am sorry," Will said, he got off her and started to hyperventilate, which made Hanna went to comfort him. 
"It’s okay, it’s okay..." Hanna hugged him and he started to feel better after a few minutes. To distract his thought from those unpleasant memories, Hanna told him about a few simple stories that she used to tell the children in the orphanage. 
Will became a little bit better and he felt embarrassed because of it, but Hanna reassured him there was nothing wrong with him and she was willing to wait until he was ready. 
And a week passed, they didn’t come to this topic because Will and Hanna were busy, but on the second weeks of their ceremony, Will intentionally came home early and cooked for her, he cleaned up their house a bit and prepared dinner. 
Hanna was pleased when she saw this and thanked him. 
It was only a simple, little thing, but Will could see how genuinely happy Hanna was. This woman deserved the world, but all he could over was his broken self. 
"Thank you, Will. I love you." Hanna kissed his cheek and they ate their food. 
Will took the initiative to talk more during the dinner, which made Hanna was very happy, she listened to him attentively and would ask some question here and there to understand him better. 
Once they were done, Will insisted that he was the one, who cleaned up. 
"Please, take some rest. I will clean this up this time." 
"Are you sure?" 
"I fought monsters, Hanna. A few dirty dishes will not scarer me." 
Hanna laughed with that remark and then went to their bedroom. She felt good about herself and then cleaned herself up. 
When she was about to take her night dress, she remembered the night dress that Iris gave to her. It was a revealing dress that looked pretty, of course, the main purpose for that dress was not for someone to just sleep on it. 
Hanna bit her lip, she didn’t know whether Will was ready for it or not and she didn’t want to put pressure on him. 
She knew people talked about how she didn’t have a mark on her neck, but she didn’t want to dwell with that. 
Every relationship walked in their own pace and Hanna was fine with their current progress, though it was not significant, but Will was getting better by day. 
"I want to see you in them," Will said, startled Hanna, because she didn’t expect he would come from behind her. 
"Ah? No. It’s just..." Hanna couldn’t think of an excuse. She didn’t have one actually. More so, the night dress was already in her hand and it was a big fat lie if she said she just happened to grab it. 
Will would know that she had been holding it for a while now. 
The word died in her throat. "It’s just..." 
Will smiled and kissed her lips. "I want to see you in them." He repeated it the same thing and this made Hanna blushed. "Go and try it on." 
Hanna nodded and then went to the bathroom, but Will hold her back. He grabbed her wrist to stop her from leaving. 
"Where are you going?" Will asked innocently. 
"You told me to try it on." 
"Yes." Will nodded. "You can change here in front of me." 
"What?" Hanna blinked her eyes, her face was getting so red and Will love the color. 
"Only if you feel comfortable," Will added. He didn’t want her to feel uncomfortable with him. He then let go of her hand. "I am sure that you will look very lovely in the dress." 
Hanna was standing there for a while. Will wanted her to change in front of him. Did it mean... 
She bit her lip and started to undress herself. She glanced at Will, who kept his eyes on her and when she saw his desire for her, this allowed her to be a little bit bolder, as she dropped her dress and stood there in her undergarment only. 
But then, she took off her undergarment as well and stood naked in front of him. 
Hanna watched how his adam apple bobbed and this gave her a little chuckled, as she put the dress on. "How do you think?" She asked him. 
"Huh?" 
"How do you think about the dress?" 
Will nodded. "It’s lovely." 
He then approached her and kissed her. The kiss was so gentle and this gave a butterfly in Hanna’s stomach. She gasped when Will lifted her body up and took her to the bed. This time, his eyes were only on her. 
"Are you, okay?" Hanna asked, checked on him. 
"I am fine." Will nodded. He kissed her knuckles and even though the unpleasant memories kept popping in his mind, he managed to ward them off, because right now, his main focus was on his mate. His focus was only on the woman with him. 
Hanna shuddered when Will positioned himself between her legs and looked at her eyes when he spoke hoarsely. 
"The dress is lovely, but I like it better if you don’t have it." 
That night, Will marked Hanna.
###Chapter 1020: SIDE STORY (WILL): THE BABY
Chapter 1020: SIDE STORY (WILL): THE BABY
In Will’s eyes, Hanna was very perfect. Even if people said that everyone had their own flaw, but for him, Hanna had none. 
She was so bright and radiant. Her smile was blinding and the sight of her alone could warm his cold heart. 
Will felt like he was going crazy that he actually fell harder for her in each passing day. Their nights were peaceful, but most of them would be passionate. 
Hanna was very patient with her and whenever she was around, his main focus would be her. Will would unconsciously look for her in the crowd of people and only when his eyes found her, he could be relaxed again. 
He didn’t think it was possible, but now whenever Will remembered the past, he would always see her. The time during his slavery faded in the background. Hanna was all he remembered. 
Her kindness, her smile, her voice, her touch, everything... 
And now, Will was going insane when he found Hanna was sick. A shifter shouldn’t be sick easily, if it happened, it must be something serious and Will had been on edge when he took her to Penny, the royal healer. 
"So, what happened?" Will asked. His brows furrowed, as if the frown would be permanent. 
"She is fine," Penny said with a chuckle. 
"How can she be fine when she has been feeling off since two days ago?!" Will didn’t usually raise his voice, but he did when he saw Penny didn’t take his mate’s health seriously, she even chuckled? 
Hanna placed her hand on his arm to calm him down, but Penny didn’t take it to heart, since she knew how protective men around the king were when it came to their mate. The king was the ultimate example of how devoted a man to their woman. 
"Don’t you notice something is off?" Penny asked, she seemed to have a lot of time in her hand to tease the agitated Will. "Don’t you find something different about her?" 
Will was not happy with this riddle, but he indeed noticed something was a slightly different with Hanna, but not in a bad way. He noticed a little thing that changed about her, but what stood out the most was her scent. 
"Her scent is sweeter..." he said absentmindedly, which made Hanna blushed. 
"I don’t think my scent changed," she said. 
However, Penny agreed with Will. "Yes, most of the time, a woman shifter would have a change of scent whenever they were pregnant," she said it casually, as if she was talking about the weather. 
Penny enjoyed the sight of Hanna and Will when her words started to sunk in. She then burst into a laughter when she walked over and hugged her. 
"Congratulation!" 
Will snapped from his reverie when he heard Penny congratulated Hanna. He looked dumbfounded and probably this was not the best reaction that he had because he was silent for so long in which worried Hanna. 
"Are you, okay?" Hanna asked. He shook his hand and Will only nodded. He stared at her flat stomach. No one would notice that she was pregnant if they saw her right now. 
If the queen was in the capital city, she would have noticed her pregnancy right away, since she had a way to recognize it early. 
"I am fine." 
Hanna looked worried and Penny looked confused, because she thought Will would burst into tears, or even laughed so hard, but his lack of reaction made the two women concern. 
In the end, Hanna excused herself and Will, as they returned to their house, where she sat him down, because she was not sure why Will was being like this. 
"Are you, okay?" Hanna asked, she sat down next to him and caressed his head like usual. 
"I am fine." 
It was the same sentence. 
Hanna bit her lip, she didn’t want to ask about this because she dreaded the answer, but she really needed to know. 
"Don’t you... feel happy about our baby?" 
Will finally lifted his head and looked at her in the eyes. "Do you think... I can be a good father?" he asked in small voice, he looked genuinely scared. 
You could say that Will was one of the best warriors, he was there with the alpha during the war and had gone through countless battles and even more adversity, but right he was scared to think that he was going to be a father. 
On the other hand, Hanna was actually glad that was the reason why Will was being very quiet. She was thinking the worse. 
"Of course, Will." Hanna kissed his forehead. "We will be a good parent for our child." 
"Will our child like me?" 
"Our child will love you." 
Will lowered his head and then got off on his knees as he rested his head on her lap. He cried silently. He didn’t know why he reacted this way, but the news overwhelmed him with a lot of emotions, but mostly it was fear. 
Somehow, the first thing that kicked in his mind when he learned Hanna was pregnant was all the scary stories that people told him about labor, especially Redmond’s. 
Redmond had told him about the story when he was there during Sofia’s labor with Rye. It didn’t also help with the fact that many people always said a woman was on the brink of death when they gave birth to their baby. 
The thought of losing Sofia or even knowing she was in pain didn’t settle well with him. 
But because of that, Will turned to be even more protective of her. He didn’t let her do anything, not even lifting a plate. He literally waited on hand and foot. 
"Will, I am pregnant, not sick." Hanna was speechless when Will said that he actually made a request to the king that he wanted to stay at home with her for at least, a year until Hanna gave birth to their baby. 
The thought of asking the king for such request was already so wild, but the king actually granted it. That was insane! 
The queen came two days ago the moment she learned about her pregnancy. Lately, they didn’t see each other often, especially when Hanna was no longer stayed in the palace. 
"No. They said the early pregnancy is the risky one," Will said. He didn’t want Hanna be in pain and even more if something bad happened to her and the baby. 
All of them saw how devastated the queen was when she lost her twin. Will would be doomed, if he had to see Hanna was in that position. 
Will shook his head internally. His intrusive thoughts kept bothering him. 
"Will, you need to relax, or else, you will not enjoy this moment," Hanna said softly, but this time, Will was very tensed. He would wake up in the middle of the night if Hanna was as much as moved her body when she slept. 
And when Hanna took a nap and didn’t move, he would come closer and pressed his ear to her chest or put his finger under her nose. 
Hanna was afraid Will would go crazy even before their baby was born. She talked to Aliana about her concern and Jace finally had a talk with Will. 
Redmond, Lou and Ethan also talked to him, but to be honest, the merchant was not helping at all. He came with more scary stories about when the woman was giving birth, which resulted Hanna kicked him out of their house. 
"Careful, careful..." Will helped Hanna to sit down when she started showing, which made it very real for him and by this point, Hanna could only enjoy her time to be a human vegetable, because Will didn’t allow her to do anything, especially now when he was at home all the time. 
"Come here," Hanna said, she patted the seat next to her and put his hand over her stomach. Will sat down next to her carefully and look at her with questioning look. "Can you feel that?" 
At first, Will didn’t know what to feel, he barely touched her stomach, afraid that he put too much pressure on her, but then he felt the movement. 
"Ah!" 
Hanna chuckled to see his reaction and then laughed when he actively searched for their baby movement again. 
"I think our baby loved to hear your voice," Hanna said. "Why don’t you sing for our baby?" 
Hanna knew that Will had a good voice, but he didn’t like to sing, unless she pestered him about it and he only did it reluctantly. 
Now, Hanna wanted to see if he would sing for their baby. 
Will furrowed his brows, but then he started to hum. 
This was the moment, where Hanna knew that Will would do anything, everything for her and their baby. 
"Oh, the baby is moving!" Will said. He widened his eyes in surprised and then started to actually sing for the baby. 
"See? I told you, the baby loves your voice." 
With that, Will would sing for Hanna when she fell asleep and sang for their baby whenever he had a chance. 
"What is it? He retired from being a warrior and is now a singer?" Lou came with Ethan to talk about a few things with Will, but noticed this new habit of his. 
"At least, he has a good voice." Ethan shrugged his shoulders. 
Lou rolled his eyes. "The baby will have him wrap around their fingers." 
"Yeah, I think Will, Redmond and Cane could be in one group now," Ethan stated.
###Chapter 1021: SIDE STORY (WILL): A LITTLE HAPPY FAMILY
Chapter 1021: SIDE STORY (WILL): A LITTLE HAPPY FAMILY
Will was very nervous, he couldn’t sit still when he learned that Hanna was going into a labor. He kept pulling his hair in distress, which made Hanna stopped him. 
"Don’t do that, are you going to pluck all of your hair and become a bald father?" She chuckled, though she was in pain. Her contraction was getting closer the baby would be here soon and she couldn’t help, but feeling very expectant, but she was also worried about Will, since he looked like he was going to tear down something by the time she actually gave birth. 
"You shouldn’t have gotten you pregnant," Will said in small voice. 
Will loved his future child, he was going to do everything in his power to ensure their safety and happiness, but he couldn’t bear to see how Hanna was in so much pain. He loved her mate so much and all the scary stories about pregnancy and labor plagued his mind for weeks before the labor. 
"Hey, I will be fine. Don’t frown, you will scare the baby," Hanna said gently. She caressed his cheek and Will kissed her hand. 
"You shouldn’t have comforted me when you are the one, who is in pain..." Will felt bad again. 
"I think I picked up a new habit." 
By that time, Iris was also there, which alleviated some of Will’s worry because he knew how much the queen loved his mate and she wouldn’t let anything happen to Hanna. 
Thankfully, the process was a smooth sailing and in less than two hours, Hanna had given birth to a beautiful baby boy. He was crying so hard and loud, as if he wanted to announce his presence to the whole world, so people would know. 
It was a beautiful and a very memorable moment in Will’s mind when he held his son for the first time. He was crying until his face turned red and balled his fist to stuff it into his mouth. His baby was very adorable and the moment Will laid his eyes on him, he felt like his world was only getting better. 
He fell in love with his boy in an instant. He and Hanna was his world. 
"Congratulation!" the queen said, she had tears in her eyes too. Later, the king also came to see the baby and hold him for a while. "Give the baby to the mother, I am sure he is hungry." 
Will immediately gave their baby to Hanna, so she could breastfeed him for the first time. It was a beautiful moment. 
"Hm... baby, I think you need to slow down..." Will frowned to see how his baby was greedily eating. The queen was right, the baby was hungry. "Is it hurt?" He looked worried for his mate. 
"Not really, but I think I will get used to it." 
Will’s brows furrowed. "It looks painful." 
For the next days, when Hanna was recuperating, Will would stay by her side, he literally was doing everything that he could to accommodate her and he would be the one, who woke up at night to accompany his baby whenever he was awake, unless the baby was hungry, it was beyond him. 
Will suggested to have a wet nurse for their baby, so Hanna could rest, but she refused, stating that the queen didn’t have a wet nurse for the twin. More so, she loved her time when she was breastfeeding the baby. She felt the bond with her son. 
"Axel is a beautiful name," Hanna said to Will’s suggestion for their baby. "I love the name." 
With that they named their firstborn with Axel. Baby Axel was an easy baby to take care of, because he didn’t make a fuss and most of the time, he would sleep. 
"Hanna, Hanna!" Will was frantic when he watched the baby rolled over for the first time, or when Axel mumbled his first word. "Don’t you think that he said daddy?" 
Will felt extremely guilty when their baby fell from the bed because he put his guard down. Axel had started to roll over, thus he rolled to the side of the bed and fell. 
Will almost cried when he frantically rushed toward the healer to get his son checked. 
Sometime, Hanna had to remind him that he needed to relax a bit, since he was very tense, especially when Axel fell sick. It was not often for shifter baby to fall sick, but because their healing ability was still not developed fully, it was not an unusual thing to happen either. 
"Axel will be fine," Hanna said, as she found Will was sitting beside Axel’s crib. 
Will lifted his head and gestured for Hanna to sit on his lap, which she did. She snuggled sleepily against his chest, while he held her closely. 
"I have never thought that my life will turn out like this." Will kissed her forehead. "Thank you for everything that you have done. Thank you for being patient with me. Thank you for giving me this family and sacrificed your body to give birth to our beautiful baby. You don’t know how much I appreciate it." 
Hanna hugged him back. She kissed his neck. "You have contributed a lot too," she didn’t want Will to forget about it. "You meant a lot for me too. You have kept me safe, make me the happiest that I have ever felt and I am so thankful that you didn’t give up on me, on us." 
Hanna was very thankful that Will kept trying to get away from his past trauma and even more when she noticed that he had stopped hurting himself. 
"More so, Axel will not be here without your contribution too," Hanna said sheepishly, as she kissed his lips. "I should thank you more for that." 
Hearing that, Will laughed, but he immediately lowered his voice, just in case he woke up their baby and then carried Hanna back to their bed. 
He had spent a lot of time with his son, this time he would spend it with his beautiful mate. After all, Hanna had woken up, thus they really needed to make the best out of it, right? 
============================ 
"Daddy! Daddy! Look! What I found!" Axel rushed toward Will with his short legs, while holding a little animal. 
"Is he going to bring all the animal he found back home?" Hanna could only shake her head. Their baby was four and he loved to explore. He would be very excited whenever Will shifted into his best and let him sat on his back. 
Will laughed and approached his son to see what was in his hand. 
"What is this?" Axel asked, as he showed him a beetle. 
"A beetle." 
"A beetle?" Axel repeated it. "Does it bite?" 
"No." 
"Can we take it home?" 
"You need to ask your mother for that." 
Axel then turned toward his mother, he looked at Hanna with his big eyes that he took after Will. "Mommy, can we bring it home? It doesn’t have a friend." 
"We can’t bring the beetle home, honey. Because its home is here. It does have friend." 
Hanna and Will then took their son deeper into the forest to see more beetles there, where Axel finally gave up the idea of taking the beetle back home. 
But the next day, their son almost gave them a shock when he returned with a snake. 
Hanna was frightened when Axel showed the snake. Thankfully, Will came and immediately took the snake from his hand. 
Their little boy was very adventurous and when he grew older, he would play with Zander, Zenith and Rye too, which didn’t help, because the four of them were very mischievous. 
When Axel turned ten years old, he finally shifted for the first time, where Hanna and Will stayed with him and helped him throughout the whole process. 
"Don’t fight it back, honey," Hanna said, as she caressed his back. Their boy curled his body on the ground, fighting his instinct to fight back, because he could feel there was something that intruded his mind and soul. It was his wolf spirit that came to the surface. 
Will then shifted into his beast to guide him through the process. 
Thankfully, Axel didn’t need to suffer for long because an hour later he already shifted into his brown wolf. His wolf was small and he tried to run, but stumbled, because he still needed to adjust himself with this new form. 
But it was cute to see how this little wolf nipped on Will’s leg when he was in his beast form, because he wanted him to come with him to explore in his beast form. 
Hanna shifted into her wolf too and followed them. This was the happiest day in their life. Will taught Axel how to hunt, which he could do it with ease, as if it was in his nature. 
He managed to catch two rabbits today and he wanted to bring the rabbits back home. 
"Promise, I will look after them," Axel said in his adorable voice, which Hanna and Will couldn’t turn down. 
"He looks so tired," Hanna said on their way back home. Axel was on Will’s back, sleeping, while she held the two rabbits. 
"Yes. But, I am sure we will hear him talking about his first shift for the next few months now." 
Hanna chuckled. "Yes. I think that will be the main topic at home for now on." 
The sky had turned reddish with the color of red from the sun set, as this little happy family walked back to the comfort of their home.
###Chapter 1022: SIDE STORY (WILL): IN THE MOUNTAIN
Chapter 1022: SIDE STORY (WILL): IN THE MOUNTAIN
"How can you get injury every so often?" Penny asked, she furrowed her brows because Jace was being reckless again on the monster hunt. 
"I am not reckless, I took a bunch of young warriors, who have never been on a monster hunt before," Jace replied, he folded his sleeve and showed Penny the wound on his arm. There was a monster that had poison in their fang and his healing ability was not enough to heal the wound quickly. 
If he let it be, the wound would fester and he would be in so much pain for the next few days until it healed, thus the quickest way was to have Penny to look after it. 
"They should assign more full fledge warriors to accompany you," Penny said with a sigh when she saw the wound. 
"All of them were busy. We have our own assignment, you know." 
The monsters in the Goffa mountain were not as abundance as in the north, but still, they had to do the ’clean up’ every now and then, because they couldn’t have the queen to do it all the time. The king would have killed them if they even suggested that. 
Especially when they just have their daughter. 
In the past, the king wouldn’t have imagined that he would have a child at all, because of what happened to him, but right now, he had a twin and an adorable daughter. Of course, people wouldn’t forget about their twin daughters. 
"Yeah, still..." Penny said sullenly, as she cleaned up the wound and put an ointment, she also used her healing ability to make the process faster, yet Jace needed to come to her again. "You need to come see me two days from now, okay?" Penny bandaged his wound and patted his shoulder. "You can go now." 
"Thank you, Penny." 
Jace then went away, but he took a second glance at her before he left the room. 
What he said was right. In the past, alpha Gill had this crazy idea to make all the women conceived, so he could have so many young children in a few years to help building a tunnel to the harbor, which resulted there were so many babies that were born in that year. 
And now, those babies had grown up and the little children at that time had reached the age, where they could join the training, some of them had become a young warrior now. 
Therefore, all the full fledge warriors were busy to train these little ones and the young one. 
It was nice to know that they grew in number, since more than half of their population had wiped out during the war. 
Well, at the very least, they could take an advantage of alpha Gill’s notorious method now. 
The next time Jace went to Penny’s study room because the healer said so, Ania told him that Penny had gone to the mountain to gather more herbs, because they were running low of some of the herbs here, since there were so many young warriors and the children, who injured during the training. 
"I think she forgot about that. Do you want to wait?" Ania asked, she was here to help with Penny along with the other girls. 
Jace furrowed his brows. "Did she go alone?" he asked and didn’t like the answer. 
"Yes, she went alone. She used to go alone to collect the herbs."
Jace knew about this, because Penny had done this a few times, but he always warned her to take some warriors with her when she went to the mountain, it was not really safe to go alone. 
"Thank you, Ania," Jace said, he shifted into his beast and then headed toward the mountain. 
Ania chuckled when she saw this. Penny actually didn’t forget about her appointment with Jace, she had told Ania to tell Jace to meet her in the evening, but the girl conveniently forgot to relay the message to the royal beta, thus it caused this. 
"Sorry," Ania said to no one in particular, but she didn’t look sorry at all. She hummed, as she continued what she was doing. 
And for Jace, it was not difficult to find Penny, because he knew the spot where she would visit and moreover, he could catch her scent from afar when the wind blew. 
"What are you doing here?" Penny was surprised to see Jace. 
"You forgot about the appointment," Jace said after he shifted back into his human form and pointed at his arm. 
Penny furrowed her brows. "No. I didn’t." She shook her head. In her hands, she was holding a basket that filled with so many herbs. She only needed to find two more items and then she was done. "Didn’t Ania tell you to meet me in the evening?" 
"No, she didn’t." Jace shook his head and then took the basket from Penny hands. "I think she forgot." 
Suddenly, it clicked in Penny’s mind. She couldn’t help it, but sighed in irritation. "I think she conveniently forgot about it." 
The mountain was quiet and the only thing that they could hear was the sound of the chirping bird and the wind that rattled the leaves. 
"Why don’t you go back and wait for me in my study room? I will wrap this up quickly." Penny suggested. 
"If you were going to leave soon, why don’t we go back together?" Jace said. "I am already here." 
Penny looked like she was going to refuse the idea. "Unfortunately, I didn’t bring the concoction. If I brought it, I would have healed you right away now." 
"There is no need to be in rush. I am fine. Actually, this is nice to be here." Jace put down the basket and laid down on the velvety grass. "I told you so many times not to go to the mountain alone, right?" 
Penny chuckled. "You and your young warriors just did the ’clean up’, right? More so, this part of the mountain is relative safe. There is nothing to be worry about." 
"It’s good to be a little bit more cautious. You need to bring some warriors with you." Jace used his arms as a pillow and closed his eyes. 
Meanwhile, Penny didn’t even bother to argue with him, because this was not their first conversation about it. "I am going to find more herbs and then we will go back home," she said. 
"Okay. I will close my eyes for a while." 
Jace had been very busy for the past few months, so did all the other warriors, it was good thing that he could get some sleep here and there. 
And right now, the quietness of the mountain made his mind relax and her scent added to the comfort, thus once he closed his eyes, he actually fell asleep without trouble. 
On the other hand, Penny smiled to see the beta and continue what she was doing. She went a little bit further into the mountain to find the last two herbs. 
It took a while for Penny to find them, but when she finally gathered the last two items, she heard the sound of breaking branches behind her and this made her sit up straight. She turned around to see what was that, because suddenly, her heart was gripped with fear. 
Probably, she knew what it was, but she simply didn’t believe that. 
However, when she turned around, she saw a Vermeyes, trolled the area. The monster must have not noticed her here, but it was clear to see that this monster managed to escape during the ’clean up’ and was pretty pissed. 
Penny looked around. She was quite far from Jace and she didn’t think she could outrun the monster to reach to the beta. 
Thus, her best bet was to hide herself and wait for the monster to leave. She should have listened to Jace and now she put herself and the beta in danger. 
The monster trolled around her and this gave Panny anxiety. She held the herbs tightly and prayed the monster would leave. 
Yet, what happened next was the opposite. When the wind blew, it brought her scent to the monster, made her presence was known and a shrill scream tore her throat when the Vermeyes charged toward her. 
Penny scrambled to get away from the attack, but she couldn’t run fast enough to the safety and her legs felt so numb. 
She needed to run faster if she was going to safe herself, but she felt like she was running in the same spot. Why wouldn’t she move? 
Penny was frustrated, she could feel the monster was on her back, in a second it would gnaw on her flesh. 
"Arrgh!" Penny screamed when the monster tackled her to the ground. This was it. This was the end of it. 
It was unthinkable of how a few minutes ago, she was fine and never thought of dying, but right now she was going to die. 
However, in this critical moment, she heard this dangerous growled from behind her and suddenly the monster was no longer pinned her to the ground. She immediately sat down and watched a brick color beast attacked the monster. 
Penny knew who it was, it was the beta. 
His beast had this beautiful brick color and he looked fierce when he fought the monster off. It was a gruesome scene to see, but thankfully, Penny had seen worse. 
She was worried because Vermeyes was a dangerous monster and a monster that you shouldn’t fight off only by yourself.
###Chapter 1023: SIDE STORY (WILL): I AM GLAD YOU ARE HERE
Chapter 1023: SIDE STORY (WILL): I AM GLAD YOU ARE HERE
"Jace!" Penny screamed when the beast managed to get to him and threw him to the ground. Out of instinct, Penny wanted to approach him, though it was also a dangerous thing for her to do, since she couldn’t help the beta in any form. 
However, she was desperate. There was no way that he would be able to sit her and do nothing when Jace was in danger. 
But, as if the beta knew her intention, he took the monster away from her, the brick color beast actually lured the monster into the mountain. He took the fight further away from Penny. 
"Damn it!" Penny cursed under her breath. Why would they be attacked by a monster at time like this? She had come to this part of the mountain countless times, but she had never encountered one. 
Her luck must be running so low at this moment. 
Penny wanted to leave and ask for help, but her leg wouldn’t allow her to do so, she must have twisted her ankle in her attempt to get away from the beast, because right now, a simple move from her leg would send her an excruciating pain. This was almost unbearable. 
However, she couldn’t stay here like this. Penny looked around her and saw a big branch that she could use as a support. 
The healer then crawled toward the branch and got it to help her to walk, but still the pain filled her eyes with tears. 
It was quite an irony that a healer couldn’t heal themselves and had to rely on the other healer to do so. 
Penny didn’t walk far when the branch snapped and she twisted her ankle even more. She bit her lip so she wouldn’t scream in pain, because she didn’t know whether there would be more monsters that would come here or not. 
Her heart was thumping wildly and her ears were ringing, but the only thing that was in her mind right now was Jace. 
She needed to get some help before something really bad happened to the beta. More so, he still needed his treatment because of his previous injury. 
Bracing with the pain, Penny tried to stand up, but it was hard to do, thus she resulted to crawl. She didn’t know how long she would find the nearest warrior, but this was the only thing that she could do to help Jace. 
Time flew by very slow and when there was no sign that Jace had returned and tracked her down, she cried out of frustration. 
Penny wanted to move faster, but her body didn’t allow her to do so. Now, the pain was not the problem. 
However, when she thought she was losing it, she heard a footstep and this comforting voice called her name. 
"Penny!? Are you, okay?!" Jace immediately approached her and knelt down to check on her. "Are you hurt?" 
The beta immediately gave a brief check up on her body until he found her injured leg. He clicked his tongue in annoyance and immediately focused on it. 
"If your leg injured, you shouldn’t move. I lured the monster away, why would you need to go this far?" Jace could feel that Penny broke her bone and this upset him, because by crawling this far, it only aggravated her wound. 
"I tried to look for help, because I couldn’t help you," Penny replied truthfully, she wiped her tears that kept streaming down her cheek. She felt this sense of relief and didn’t think much about her broken leg, because she was already very grateful that Jace was not injured. 
It was not only the beta, who checked on her, but Penny did the same to him. 
"Come, hop on." Jace crouched down in front of Penny and gave his back to her. 
"But..." 
"Do you want to crawl to get back to the palace?" Jace asked impatiently. 
He was right, but the problem was, Penny felt this was inappropriate for her to do this. She felt... embarrassed. 
"Come on, it’s getting dark." 
Leaving with no other choice, Penny immediately got on Jace’s back and hugged his neck. It felt... weird, but not in the bad way. 
"Next time, bring warrior with you." 
This time, Jace didn’t say it nicely, it almost like a warning for her. 
"Yes, I understood," Penny replied. After what happened, she would listen to his suggestion. "Thank you. I am glad you are here with me." 
Jace nodded, but he didn’t say anything. He was also glad that he came here to fetch her, or else, he couldn’t think what would happen to her. 
And the thought of it filled him with anger. 
"Let’s go back to the palace first," he said. 
He had Penny on his back and the two of them looked in a mess, of course, all the people that saw them started to ask question about what was going on. 
"Monster attack.’ 
That was the only answer that the bet gave to those people, who were curious about what was going on. 
After that the two of them went into Penny’s study room, where Ania had been waiting for them, but the girl didn’t expect this at all. 
"What happened?! What happened to her?!" Ania looked worried, while Jace put Penny down to the bed. 
"You need to help to clean up her wound and she got her ankle twisted," Jace said to Ania. He gave the same answer like he gave to the other warriors. 
"Okay, okay, I will do it," Ania said in panic. 
And after gave some instruction to the young girl, Jace turned around and was about to leave. 
"Where are you going? You have not yet gotten your treatment," Penny said, stopping the beta from leaving. 
"Forget about it, you need to get your treatment first," Jace said. "We can do it next time. I need to inform this to the other warriors. Take some rest." 
The beta didn’t look angry, but his calmness was concerning. 
After that, Jace left the room and Ania started with her treatment on Penny’s leg. She also concocted a medicine for her. 
The girl looked very sad. 
"Don’t cry. I am fine." Penny put down the empty bowl of medicine and caressed her head. "I should have scolded you for sending Jace to the mountain and forget about what I told you to do, but I think I should thank you instead." 
Ania wiped her tears. "The beta is right, you are very reckless, you should have brought some warriors with you if you wanted to go to the mountain." 
This time, Penny didn’t argue. "Yes. I will listen next time." 
After that, Penny fell asleep in the bed in her study room and Ania didn’t want to wake her up, thus she put a blanket to cover her body. 
But, later on in the evening, Jace came to visit and find Penny was still there. 
"How is she?" 
"I think she will not be able to roam around for a few days until her bone is fixed." 
The beta nodded. "You can leave, I will stay here to take care of her." 
Ania wanted to refuse and tell him that she would stay, but on the second thought, there was this mischievous smile on the corner of her lips and then she nodded. 
"Okay. Please, take care of her," she said rather cheerfully and then dashed out of the room, as if her tail was on fire. 
Jace indeed stayed the night to look after Penny. He actually brought a few documents that he had to check and used Penny’s table to work. 
Only when the first ray of light filtered through the window, the healer finally woke up and found the beta on her desk. 
"What are you doing here?" Penny asked, she immediately became self aware because she just woke up. 
"Ania left you to me." Jace stood up and stretched his body. "She told me to look after you." 
Penny frowned. "You can just leave me here you know. It’s not like a monster will be able to sneak into the palace." She could feel her blushing when he saw Jace was on a simple shirt and pants, he looked homey and relax. 
"Yeah, you are right." Jace agreed without another argumentation. "Let’s have something to eat," he said. "What do you want to eat? I will get it for you from the dining hall." 
"It’s okay. Ania will be here shortly. I will ask her." 
"I am already here, why would you need to ask for Ania?" 
Penny widened her eyes and pushed herself into a sitting position, which made her winced a little because the pain on her legs was a bother. "Are you taking care of me?" 
"Isn’t it very obvious?" Jace replied, which made Penny bit her lip. "What do you want to eat?" 
"Something spicy." 
"Okay." 
Jace then stepped out for a while to get the food that she wanted and they had their breakfast together. 
Meanwhile, out there the sky started to turn gloomy and the rain started to pouring down, the smell of it was very refreshing. 
"This must be the first rain this year," Penny stated. She stared at the beautiful pattern that the rain left on the window. 
"Yes." Jace nodded. 
"A lot of things have changed in the capital city and I found that I am glad that I am here and to be part of the people." 
Jace smiled softly. He agreed with her too. "I am also glad that you are here to be with us."
###Chapter 1024: SIDE STORY (KIAN): SHE IS NOT HER
Chapter 1024: SIDE STORY (KIAN): SHE IS NOT HER
Kian didn’t know what got into him because he was not usually like this. This bothered his mind more and more, to the point, Kenna would notice this.
Kenna was the woman that Kian chose to be his mate seven years ago when Nala made it very clear to him that there was no chance for the two of them. She chose to be with that merchant instead of him. 
Kian was well aware that he couldn’t provide her with something that Lou could give to her without a second thought, the luxury and everything that could make your life easier, but Kian could give Nala something that she always wanted. 
A family on her own. 
He knew this was her deepest desire and she couldn’t get it from Lou, since that merchant was very fickle. He would often go around the continent and left her for months. He didn’t care for her, yet Nala was still waiting for his returned. 
Kian couldn’t understand why would she do that? 
However, he didn’t have a say in her final decision. Therefore, he tried to move on from her and be with Kenna. 
She was a nice woman, the kindest soul that Kian had ever met, but sadly she was not her. 
He had tried so hard, but still, it was not enough when all he was thinking about was her. Kian knew how wrong it was, but he couldn’t help himself to forget about her. 
"What’s wrong?" Kenna approached him with concern look in her eyes. "You have been spacing out. Is there something that weighed your mind?" 
See? She was always this sweet and kind, but somehow, Kian couldn’t bring himself to love her enough to forget about Nala. 
"I am fine." Kian kissed his pregnant mate, while his son was giggling with his younger brother. They were five and four years old, while Kenna was pregnant with their third child. 
"No. You are not," Kenna said, she could tell. 
"I said I am fine," Kian said sternly. He didn’t want to be asked. It irritated him. 
Kenna was taken aback, she didn’t expect for Kian to raise his voice on her and the look on her expression must have told him his wrong doing, because he immediately apologized. 
"I am sorry, I didn’t mean to snap on you, but you are right, there is something in my mind lately," Kian said. He kissed Kenna’s cheeks and excused himself. 
"Daddy, let’s play!" His eldest son came to him and want to play with him, but he was not in the mood. 
"I am sorry, let’s play later, okay? Daddy has a head ache." Kian then turned to look at Kenna. "I am going to lay down for a while." 
Tomorrow was the coronation for the new king. Zander would sit on the throne while king Cane would step down from his role. 
Therefore, there were a lot of things that should be done and Kenna thought that was what weighed down Kian’s mind. 
"Let’s play with me, mommy will play with you, okay? Daddy needs to rest," Kenna said, consoling her children. 
Seeing this, Kian felt so terrible. He was upset with himself because he couldn’t love her as much as she deserved. 
Kenna was a perfect mate, a gentle mother to their children and now she was seven months pregnant with their third child. This should be a happy moment for Kian. He should be happy to have this family on his own, but still, there was this void in his heart that he couldn’t explain. The void, where he kept longing for someone else. 
It was so wrong for him to do this and the king had made it very clear that having more than one woman was not acceptable any longer in this continent. 
And the reason why Kian had been behaving like this was because he just learned that Nala was pregnant and Lou was going to leave to Andelus continent, the merchant was going with the king and queen, leaving his pregnant woman alone. 
Kian was sure that the bastard didn’t want his own child, since Nala mentioned about this before. 
Therefore, with this new information, Kian’s mind had been plagued by ’what if’. 
What if he came to her right now and was willing to raise the baby with her. He knew that this sound crazy, but based on his experience, being pregnant alone was not an option that a woman wanted. It would be too difficult for her. 
He knew he was insane to leave his own family to be with a woman, who was pregnant with another man’s child and there was no guarantee that Nala would be on board with this idea, but he couldn’t shake his mind from the possibility. 
What if she wanted it too. She wanted a family on her own right now. 
"Damn it!" Kian cursed under his breath as he laid down on the bed that he used to sleep with Kenna. He couldn’t get her out of his mind and there was no helping it. 
With that, Kian stood up and then opened the window, the night was chilly, but it didn’t stop him from going. 
Kian then shifted into his beast and left the room, and when Kenna came to check on him after she put her children to sleep, she only found an empty room with an opened window. 
"Where did he go?" 
Kian left the comfort of his home to go to the inn, where he knew Nala was staying, since she didn’t live in the same place like Lou. 
The merchant must have told her to leave, or maybe it was Nala, who didn’t want to stay. Either way, Kian was going to see her. 
It was not difficult to find her room and without him knowing it, he had knocked on the door and a visibly pregnant Nala opened the door. 
She looked surprised to see Kian there, but the shock on her expression immediately changed when she questioned him. 
"What are you doing here?" Nala asked. She didn’t even allow him to enter her bedroom. 
She looked so beautiful, even though her cheeks were a little bit chubbier, her eyes were still sharp like usual and her scent was something that Kian missed. 
"It has been a long time." 
Nala nodded. "Yes. So, what do you want?" 
She was very cold, as if she let him knew her stand in this matter even before Kian opened his mouth. 
"Nala, I have been thinking about this and I couldn’t get rid of this idea from my mind, but..." Kian started. 
However, Nala cut him off. "I don’t know what you are thinking or what you have in your mind, but I don’t want to know about that." 
Kian looked devastated when he heard that. "Nala... I can give you a family that you wanted. We can raise the baby together." 
Nala narrowed her eyes and the look on her face told him that she was disgusted by her suggestion. "You have your own family, you have your own mate and children. Are you crazy? Do you want to say that you are going to leave them for me? Did you just hit your head or something?" 
Kian shook his head. "I know this might sound crazy for you, but please, listen to me... I can’t be without you Nala. Even after all this time, I still couldn’t get rid of you from my mind." 
"I don’t want you, Kian. I have made it very clear seven years ago and even more now when I am pregnant with Lou’s child." 
"I will treat the child as my own. I know that Lou didn’t want the child. He is a bastard, who doesn’t take a responsibility for what he..." 
A harsh slap landed on his cheek and Nala looked very mad. She was livid and didn’t want to hear what he was going to say next. 
"It’s so rich coming from you, who wanted to leave his family and his pregnant mate and children for someone else. You are the bastard here. Don’t you dare to talk bad about my baby’s father in front of me!" Nala growled. 
Her claws must be elongated when she slapped Kian, because there was a scratch on his cheek that started to heal. 
"Leave now and don’t let me see you ever again. You are disgusting, Kian." 
After saying that, Nala slammed the door in front of his face. 
Kian felt it was his heart that shattered once again. How could he didn’t see this coming? Why he didn’t know this would be Nala’s reaction? He should have known this, right? 
With that, he went back to the comfort of his home. He saw his mate was sleeping, she breathed heavily, this pregnancy was rather hard on her, but when she realized Kian had returned, she actually woke up and greeted him with the same kindness that she always displayed without knowing that her mate was only a step away from leaving her and their children. 
"What happened?" Kenna got off from the bed and approached him. She hugged him tightly, as if she could sense that Kian was not in a good headspace. "Come here, lay down with me." 
Kenna took him to the bed and cuddle with him, while Kian could only hold onto her. He felt bad, he felt guilty... 
If only Kenna was bad, he would have justification for his action, but she was not. She was perfect, but still she was not enough, because it was not her that he wanted.
###Chapter 1025: SIDE STORY (LETTO): A GREAT LIFE
Chapter 1025: SIDE STORY (LETTO): A GREAT LIFE
That little boy was hugging himself, sitting at the empty alley, where trash scattered on the ground, the smell of this corner of the city was horrifying and everyone, who walked by would scrunch their noses because of the smell. 
It was Greazly city in Karam continent, where people only cared for their own business and not some dirty, orphaned little boy, who was on the verge of dying. 
The boy was hugging his little kitten, who just died yesterday, because a carriage run it over and the owner scolded him because his little kitten’s blood dirtied their expensive carriage. 
Meanwhile, he was standing there, hugging his only companion, as the kitten’s blood seeped through his ragged shirt. 
After the owner was satisfied scolding him, he left. There was not an ounce of pity for the poor little boy. 
And now, he was still sitting in the same place, where no one would bother him and his dead little kitten. 
He thought, he was going to die too, because he was starving. He was willing to kill for a piece of hard bread, so his stomach could stop hurting. 
However, no one wanted to look at his direction or give him even their remaining food. 
He was so hungry to the point, his vision started to get blurry. The kitten in his arms had smelled as bad as his surroundings and its little body had turned very cold. 
He wanted to let go, he wanted to die, because life was nothing, but very cruel to him, but at the same time, he wanted to live and have a bite of a meat. He had never tried one before. 
That was when someone came to him. 
That man had this stern look on his face and he approached him. He saw this little boy in the midst of trash. 
"Do you want to eat?" he asked. 
With his last strength, the little boy pulled a smile and chanted the same sentence that he had said countless time to the people, who walked past. 
"I can clean your house, I can lift heavy things, you can tell me what I have to do and I will get it done in no time," his voice was so small, but he put so much effort to look cheerful, because this man could be his piece of bread. "I don’t need too much and I can sleep everywhere. I can work and I am very diligent." 
The man didn’t say anything for a while, thus the boy started to speak again, afraid that he was going to lose this opportunity to fill his empty stomach. 
"I may look small and weak, but I am strong enough to lift heavy things and I..." 
"Follow me." 
That was the only thing that the man said and since then that little boy had been following him. He saw him as his savior when the whole world turned blind eyes on his misery, he was the only one, who reached to him and offered him help. 
The little boy remembered the warm bread that he ate and the warm soup that made his mouth watering, or the first meat he ate that night. 
That man was very quiet, he didn’t say anything and only give him one line order, but in the boy’s eyes, he was like an angel. 
"I can eat all of this?" he asked when this man took him to a fancy inn, where people dress very nicely and all of them looked at him as if he was shit on the tip of their shoes. 
"Yes. Eat them all and clean yourself." 
"What job should I do?" He asked, but the man didn’t answer, thus he started to eat. It felt like a dream when the fluffy bread entered his mouth or when the hot and savory soup warmed his stomach. The meat was very soft, it was like a butter, though he had never tried a butter before, since it was considered as an expensive food. 
That man didn’t answer the question again. "What’s your name?" 
The boy immediately swallowed down the bread so he could answer him quickly. "Letto. People called me Letto. But, if sir wanted to call me with something else, that will be my name from now on." 
The man didn’t say anything about it, but later on, Letto learned that his name was Dexter. 
After Letto finished with his meal, he had a room prepared for him and a warm water to take a bath. He scrubbed his skin from dirt and spent two hours doing so, because he wanted to look presentable for his new master. 
Moreover, he had new pair of clothes and pants. He didn’t want to dirty them. 
However, before he could enjoy his bed, it seemed he had to go out for a while. Letto sneaked out and went to the empty alley where he left his little kitten because he couldn’t possibly bring the dead animal with him when he followed his new master. 
He wanted to burry his little kitten, but when he got there, his little kitten was nowhere to be seen, he could only see the blood on the ground. 
A dog or any other animal must have taken away his poor little companion, since there were so many astray dogs around this area and most of the time, Letto needed to fight with the hungry dog too for a piece of food. 
Letto felt bad. He should have hidden the kitten’s body better, so no dog would find it. He should have put it into a trash full of garbage, so the dog wouldn’t dig it. 
With a heavy heart, Letto headed back to the inn. He prayed that his kitten would finally find a good place, just like him and with that, he fell asleep because he was very exhausted and also for the first time since he could remember, he slept with a full stomach. He didn’t need to listen to the growling from his empty stomach now. 
For some people, sleeping with stomach full was not something that they were grateful for because they used to it, but for people like Letto, it was a blissful feeling to not being hungry when he was sleeping. 
And for the first time, Letto woke up with a smile on his face. He was looking forward to the task that his master would give to him. 
Letto was a smart boy, who learned so fast and Dexter was actually nice enough to teach him how to read and write. He was so happy to learn that from him and after some time, he managed to get a hold of his master’s habit. He knew what his master wanted only by reading his body language and he became his best lackey, not like his master had anyone else aside from him. 
He learned that his master was a magic user, a black magic user. 
At first, he was shocked, because he knew that black magic user would do something bad, but then, he couldn’t care less what he did to other people, since he was very nice to him. He provided him with everything that he needed and even more than enough. 
And just like how the people didn’t care about him when he was sitting near the trash bin in the Greazly city as they minded their own business, Letto also did the same thing. 
He didn’t care what his master did to hurt people, as long as he treated him nicely and he didn’t need to sleep with empty stomach. 
That was how powerful food was for people like him. 
He followed him around for five years to all over the places in the Karam continent. They had never stayed in one place for long and then one day, Dexter told him that they were going to Ogregon continent. 
"To the continent of the shifter?" Letto asked, as he wiped Dexter’s shoes. "I heard that place is not good. What are we doing there?" 
"Just prepared everything like usual." 
With that Letto didn’t ask much, but he was excited because they were going to go on a big ship. If you wanted to reach the other continent, you need a big ship to cross the sea. 
This was the first time he would be on a ship and he couldn’t hold back his excitement when they reached the harbor and many ships were docked there. 
"Where is our ship, master?!" Letto asked, as he carried their things, trying to pick up his pace with his master. 
Their luggage looked heavy, but he had gotten used to it and even more because he had enough strength now. 
"Woah! This is so great!" 
"Letto." 
"Yes, master?" 
"Be quiet." 
Letto shrilled without sound after that, he was still excited to see the world beyond the sea. He wondered how his future would be. 
He wondered what experience that waited for him in this new continent. 
"Master, why don’t you a woman? Another man will have two women, at least, but you have none." Letto asked Dexter one night after they finished their dinner. The sky and the sea looked so dark, he wondered how people navigated the direction in this darkness. 
Dexter pushed away his plate and stared into the darkness too. When Letto thought his master wouldn’t answer his question, he actually replied to him. 
"I had a woman before. She died." Dexter looked at Letto. "Do you want to have a woman?" 
Letto blushed. "I want to have a family, master. I think I can afford a family now."
###Chapter 1026: SIDE STORY (DEXTER): THE BRIGHT LIGHT
Chapter 1026: SIDE STORY (DEXTER): THE BRIGHT LIGHT
"I had a woman before. She died." Dexter looked at Letto. 
Dexter didn’t want to remember about this, but in the past, he used to have a woman that he liked, but with the life that he lived in, it was not possible to have someone by his side without risking their life. 
Aria. 
That woman’s name was Aria. 
That woman was beautiful. Her smile was the brightest and Dexter had never seen someone, who could make him forgot about all the adversity in his life. 
How long it had been since the last time he saw her? Twenty years? Twenty five years? 
After all, the two of them were very young, probably sixteen? Seventeen? Dexter lost count. He was no longer counting days and just breezed through this life. 
Aria. Her name was beautiful, just like her. 
She had dimples on both of her cheeks, her brown eyes and brown hair made brown became the color that Dexter loved. 
Every time she talked, her eyes would twinkle and even after so many years had passed, Dexter still remembered the day he met her for the first time. 
He was the son of the head of their secret community, where his father was a respected figure and that day, his father took him and his sister to visit a small village. 
It was a very poor village in the middle of nowhere, where people had to walk five hours to reach the nearby city. 
But, of course, this was a perfect place for people like them. These people were easily fooled. These people were the perfect target for their ritual... 
"You must be Sir Zeke’s son." 
A young girl approached Dexter with a jar of water, she gave it to him with a bright smile on her lips. Water was difficult to get, but for the villagers’ gratitude for Zeke and his people’s help, they made their stay here became more pleasant. 
Zeke came with a lot of food and opportunity for business in the city. 
"Yes." 
"What’s your name?" 
Dexter had never had a friend, especially someone at his age, the people that around him would be his father’s follower and they definitely couldn’t fall into a friend category, the only person that was around his age was his sister. 
"Dexter." 
Dexter was not sure whether this was the right thing to do, because he was not supposed to be friendly with anyone, but he thought, this girl wouldn’t do any harm on him. 
More so, he was a magic user, what this girl could do to him? 
"I am Aria!" she said, it sounded like a song for him. 
And since that day, Dexter would often be seen with her. She took him to play around with the other kid and even take him with her parents to the city. 
"You shouldn’t be so close with her." 
His father said one day. He looked at Dexter in the eyes. His son was very obedient, but recently, he started to give a sign of rebelling. 
He spent so much time with the people here and created unnecessary bond with them. 
"You will be in trouble if you created a bond with them. We are leaving in two weeks." 
"What about this village?" 
"This is not the first time, right? You know what will happen." 
This was not the first poor village that they visited and of course, this wouldn’t be the last, but for all the villages that they had visited, it would be definitely their last. 
"Don’t get involved with her too much. It will be difficult for you." 
After saying that, Zeke left his son alone, but Dexter didn’t show any reaction. He just stood there and stared at his father’s back. 
Two weeks and then this village would be vanished. The people would disappear and he knew exactly what would happen to them. 
Two weeks. 
"In two weeks will have a festival!" Aria said, she approached Dexter, as she climbed the rock and stared at the dessert. The sun was so bright, but it didn’t bother them at all. "This will be the first time our village will hold a festival, it’s all thank to your father. He is a very great man!" 
Aria then talked about what dress that she would wear, the dress that she bought when they went to the city the last time. She was very excited for the festival, without knowing what actually would happen. 
"Why are you very quiet? Don’t you feel very excited?" Her brown eyes looked almost like they were golden when the ray of light fell on her face. "Oh... I think you are not as excited as me because this must not be your first festival, right?" 
She looked a little bit down, but her smile was so wide when she asked Dexter to tell her about all the festival that he had seen. 
Yes, this wouldn’t be his first festival, but the end of the festival wouldn’t be as exciting as Aria would think. 
There would be a lot of deaths after that. 
"You need to leave," Dexter finally said. 
"What do you mean?" Aria looked confused with what he said, but Dexter didn’t say anything anymore. He jumped from the rock and then left. 
For the next few days, Dexter avoided her. 
His father was right, he shouldn’t have involved with this woman. This woman was dangerous. Just like his mother. His mother was trying to kill him and his sister when they were little when she learned that they actively involved in the black magic. 
His mother hated them because they inherited the same power like their father. Woman only brought trouble. That was what his father said. That was why, his father was so proud of him. 
Because of that, Dexter had to live up to his expectation. He couldn’t let his father down. 
He couldn’t tell Aria to run away because the night of the festival would be the night of the disaster. Therefore, he couldn’t keep seeing her. 
However, when the day came and all the people in this village was in a good mood, Aria found a way to talk to him. 
"Did I do something wrong? Did I talk something wrong? Why did you keep avoiding me?" Aria looked sad when she talked to him. She managed to drag him to an empty alley between two houses. 
Meanwhile, in the distance, the festivity had started. 
She looked beautiful like usual, wearing the dress that she had been gushing about. The dress was in the same color like her eyes and her hair. 
"I told you that you have to leave," Dexter said through his gritted teeth. 
It would be too late for her to warn her family, but if she just ran away herself, she might make it to the nearest city. His father and his people wouldn’t have noticed if there was one person went missing. 
"You need to leave." 
"But, why?" Aria couldn’t understand. In her eyes, what Dexter said didn’t make any sense and he didn’t offer a proper explanation to make her understand better. "Why I should leave? The last time you said the same thing." 
Dexter shouldn’t have done this, but when he saw a firework was brightened up the night sky, he knew he didn’t have time anymore. 
He stared at the woman before his eyes, the light of the firework fell on her face and she stared at the sky, astonished. 
She looked genuinely happy, Dexter wanted to stare at her face for a long time. He felt like he could stare at her expression and his pure happiness for the rest of his life and be contented with it. 
However, the reality was not so kind. He was going to lose her if they stayed here. 
"Come. Come with me," Dexter said. He grabbed her hand and started to run away toward different direction from the festivity. 
As they started running, they could hear the first scream that split the night followed by the second and the third and then all they could hear was everybody was screaming. 
"What is going on?" Aria was terrified. "What’s happening?" 
"Don’t look back, keep running!" Dexter shouted. 
He didn’t know what he was thinking, but he needed to get her away from here. He needed to save her. All the people in this village could be his father’s sacrifice, but not her! 
"No! My family is there!" Aria cried, she wanted to go back, but Dexter held her hand so tight, she couldn’t get away from his grip. 
"There is nothing you can do! All of them are going to die!" 
"What?" Aria staggered back, her mind went blank, but Dexter knew they didn’t have time. His life was also in danger for going against his father’s order. 
"We need to reach the nearest city as soon as possible, we need to get away from here!" Dexter kept dragging Aria with him, because she was in so much shock, she couldn’t think of a better way to respond to this information. 
Meanwhile, in the distance, the screams of the villagers were getting louder, it almost sounded like they were being slaughtered if that even made any sense. 
"Wait... wait..." Aria was shaking, she couldn’t breathe. Her legs gave in after they ran for an hour straight. "Please, explain to me... what happened..." 
"Later, I will explain to you later." He needed to save her. He needed to save her first. 
"I can’t run anymore..." 
Dexter knelt down and gave his back to her. "Hop on. We need to keep moving."
###Chapter 1027: SIDE STORY (DEXTER): GRIEF
Chapter 1027: SIDE STORY (DEXTER): GRIEF
Deep down, Dexter knew it was a futile attempt for him to get away from this current situation. He wouldn’t be able to save Aria. 
But still, he didn’t stop running with her on his back. She was too shocked to move when she finally realized she lost her parents and the people that she knew. 
They didn’t have time to wait until she could get over her grief. They had to move as far as they could, that was the only slim chance they had. 
"Why? Why did you do it?" Aria asked, crying. She shook her head, as if she wanted to get rid of the noise in her head. People were crying and screaming and that sound would be forever etched in her mind. "Why? What have done wrong that you wanted to kill us?" 
Dexter couldn’t answer her question. He didn’t know how to answer that. The only thing that he knew he had to get her away from his people and for the aftermath, he would think about it once they were safe. 
However, they had never reached the safety, because a second later two portals were created close to him and four magic users walked out from there, followed by his father, Zeke. 
Dexter had never seen his father was so angry like right now, his face turned very red when he raised his hand and attacked his son. 
Thankfully, Dexter was agile enough to dodge the attack, but with Aria was on his back, it was pretty difficult to move. 
Both of them stumbled and fell to the soft sands, Aria was crying because the look on their faces were very terrifying, as if she could feel their killing intention. 
"Stop this, Dexter." Zeke didn’t raise his voice, but that made him looked even more scary. "You know that you don’t have a chance to fight." 
"Father, please..." Dexter had never asked anything to his father. He was an obedient child. He listened to what his father said and never refused any of his order. "I want her." 
But, he wanted this woman. 
Zeke narrowed his eyes. This was the first time Dexter rebelled like this. He had never done this before and he didn’t think he was capable of doing this. 
As it turned out, he was completely wrong. This was the desire that he had to be warry about. 
"You want her?" 
"I want her, father. Spare her life." 
Zeke didn’t say anything. He waved his hand and suddenly Aria stood up and strangled Dexter’s neck. It didn’t take a genius to know that Aria was being mind controlled by his own father. 
"You still couldn’t do it, right?" Zeke asked, his voice was extremely cold and unforgiving, as if he currently didn’t try to kill his own son. 
If there was one flaw of Dexter it must be the fact that he couldn’t use mind control. He was still young, there was still a lot of possibilities, there was a chance that his power had not yet fully developed. 
Therefore, this was the best opportunity for Zeke to see whether Dexter had a knack to mind control or not. 
"Father!" Dexter roared. He couldn’t use his magic against Aria. "Stop this!" 
Under the influence, Aria was so strong, she managed to push him down to the sands, while the other magic users watched everything unfolded. 
"Fight back. If you didn’t want to die, fight back." 
Dexter couldn’t do that. He gathered his power, but he couldn’t do any harm on her. He didn’t have a heart to do so. 
Therefore, Dexter resorted to push her away by using his magic, which sent her body flew backward and fell to the ground with a harsh sound. 
"Aria!" Dexter immediately scrambled to get to her, but two magic users used barrier to stop him, which he couldn’t take it down easily, while he watched one magic user approached Aria. "NO! DON’T YOU DARE TO TOUCH HER! DON’T YOU DARE TO TOUCH HER!" 
In his rage, Dexter managed to take down the barrier and then rushed toward Aria and the other magic user, he attacked him and killed him. 
It came as a shock for him, because this was the first time he killed someone. 
However, he couldn’t care less about it. 
Aria was still under his father’s influence, but he couldn’t harm her with his magic, since his magic was an offensive magic. 
"Stop this father!" Dexter roared. "I have done everything that you told me to do! Now, stop this!" 
Zeke growled, but he didn’t say anything. He only stared at his son for a long time, while he tried to pin down Aria. 
In the end, Zeke waved his hand. His voice was so cold when he spoke again. 
"She will not want to be with you. Whether I used my power or not, she will never be one of us. She will find an opportunity to kill you." 
Dexter gritted his teeth. "I will take care of her. I don’t care. I want her." 
Zeke scowled at his son. "Fine. I will not do anything to her, but you must remember what I said to you right now. She is going to kill you one day." 
With that, Zeke lifted his influence on Aria and the woman was crying when she got her senses back. It was very terrifying to be controlled by other people. 
"It’s okay, it’s okay..." Dexter said, as he cradled Aria in his arms. 
He didn’t have any other choice, but to return with his father. Aria came with him, but she was hysterical when she found so many dead bodies on the ground. All of them died in the worse way. 
Somehow, their skin turned dark and flaky, their eyes opened wide, as if they saw the most horrifying thing in their life and their body as stiff as stone. 
Aria found her parents and she couldn’t stop crying, especially when she touched them and their body crumbled like ash. 
After that, Aria fell sick. She stayed inside the carriage with Dexter as they moved toward the next village. 
And one night, what Zeke said came true. 
That night Aria’s mind was clear enough to think and she found an opportunity to attack Dexter in his sleep. 
However, Dexter could feel her intention and prevent that from happening, he flipped her body and pressed her down to the bed. The carriage had stopped because they were resting at night. 
"You killed all of the people that I knew!" Aria was so angry, she was crying. She tried to get away from Dexter’s grip, but she couldn’t. 
"I saved you, Aria. Remember? Now, you need to get used to this if you wanted to live." 
Aria let out a frustrated growl, she looked at Dexter with anger and sadness in her eyes. "You are a good man, Dexter. I know that you don’t want this." 
Dexter didn’t reply to that. 
"You wanted to take me away, right? Take me away from these people, Dexter, please. I know that you are not as evil as them." 
Dexter shook his head. "We can’t escape. This is the life that you will live from now on. You need to adapt soon with the current situation." 
Aria shook her head. she didn’t want to adapt with this people. She didn’t even want to breath the same air with them. 
"Why did you save me?" 
Dexter fell silence for a while before he answered truthfully. "Because I like you." 
Aria stopped struggling, tears on her eyes and when she spoke, her voice was hoarse. "I like you too, Dexter. I really do." 
His grip on her loosened, as she used this opportunity to free her hands, but instead of pushing him away, she cupped his face and kissed him. 
This was their first kiss. The feeling that they had never felt before, but this kiss tasted salty because Aria was crying profusely. 
They kissed until their hearts contented, until they could close the void in their hearts, but it was not enough. They wanted more. 
It was anger and sadness that they felt, but also desired for each other, as they started to take off each other clothes. 
The night was very quiet, but inside the carriage, you could hear their moans and their despair for their current situation. 
That was the night that Dexter would never forget in his entire life. 
"Aria... Aria... I will save you. I will never let you go." 
Aria didn’t say anything, she kept kissing him with tears kept streaming down her face. 
This was the feeling that Dexter had never felt before and the sensation would be forever engraved in his mind. This was his first love and the first time he made love with a woman. 
He loved her... 
However, the next day he found out Aria killed herself. She slit her own throat when he was asleep because of the exhaustion. He didn’t know that. If only he knew, if only he was a little bit aware, she wouldn’t be able to end her life in this way. 
Her body was still naked, laying down on his chest, while her blood was on his body. There was a lot of blood. It was warm and sticky. 
Aria ended her life because she didn’t want the life that Dexter offered to her. She chose her own end. 
Meanwhile, Dexter was so calm when they removed her body. Exceptionally calm. It was weird how emotions affected someone or how someone was grieving differently, because he didn’t seem to care about what had happened.
###Chapter 1028: SIDE STORY (ABBY): SICK
Chapter 1028: SIDE STORY (ABBY): SICK
Little Abby wiped the dripping blood from her nose. She grimaced to see the red color on the back of her hand. 
However, despite her exhaustion and how heavy her eyelids were, she forced herself to keep reading the book in front of her. She wiped the blood on her dress and pinched her nose, while laying down, while her other hand was still holding the book that she needed to finish reading tonight. 
She was very tired, but she didn’t dare to slack off. 
Meanwhile, through the window in her small room, she could see children around her age were playing happily with their friends. She wanted to go playing with them too, but she had a huge responsibility that not allowed her to waste her time by playing. 
Abby was only ten years old by at this time, but she already knew her responsibility and was already burdened by the title of Serafim. 
Her mother said, the previous Serafim, that she was a very important figure in this continent and she shouldn’t have played with those children because they were not on the same level like her. 
Abby didn’t really know what she meant with that, but she knew the meaning of became the future Serafim like her mother. 
Serafim was someone, who protected people around them and that would be her obligation and responsibility the moment she held the title. 
Therefore, she had to live up to her mother’s expectation, as she was a very competent Serafim. 
Abby adored her mother. 
She would do everything to impress her mother, since she had a high hope and expectation for her. This was her chance to show her that she was also useful, she deserved the title. 
People always thought that it was supposed to be her sister, Gabriel, who became the next Serafim, but even after she came to age, there was no sign of divine power in her. It was very disappointing, but even more when the Abby was the one, who had it. 
People was not really fond of her because of how frail her body was. A Serafim was a role that should protect people, it would be hard on them and her personal knights to protect her if she was already very weak to begin with. 
Therefore, the only thing that Abby could do now was to expand her knowledge. She needed to absorb all the lesson that was given to her to compromise her weak physic. 
"Abby. Abby. Psst!" 
Abby was startled, she got up from the sofa and went to the window, because she knew who was calling her. It was Liam and Cedric. 
"What are you doing? You shouldn’t be here." Abby opened the window and poked her head. "You shouldn’t be here." 
"I have told him that." Cedric was annoyed because he was dragged here. 
"Come out, okay? You have been staying there for two days." 
"I will be questioned tomorrow, I need to read more books," Abby said, half complaining because she felt dizzy by reading so many scriptures. 
Tomorrow, she would be questioned for her knowledge about the history of the Serafim. 
"Come on, you need to go out for a while, it’s not good to stay inside for long." 
Liam kept persuading her, while Cedric told him to drop it. 
"No, she has been inside for so long, it’s not good for her. Come! Abby, let’s play for a while after that you can continue with your study." 
And Liam knew how to persuade her, the three of them had known each other since the first time they entered the Holy Kingdom four years ago. Liam and Cedric were an orphan. 
In the end, Abby decided to go with them and play all day long. She felt good and for the first time she felt truly happy. 
"See? I told you, going out will good for you!" Liam said as he held her hand and Cedric followed them from behind. 
They went to the hill near the Holy Kingdom, where daisy flowers were on the full bloom. It looked so beautiful up here, since they could see the city as well. 
"We need to go back or else someone will realize Abby has left her room." Cedric reminded them. He was worried they would punish Abby more than they punished the two of them. 
In the end, after Cedric nagged the two of them, they finally relented and returned. 
However, the next day, Abby couldn’t take her question because she fell sick. 
People started talking about how useless she was and how they wished it was the healthy Gabriel, who took the role. 
"I think the kingdom will collapse if she is the one, who took the role as the next Serafim." 
"Yes, I wished it was lady Gabriel." 
"Sst. Don’t talk recklessly." 
"Why not? People have been talking the same thing like us too." 
Meanwhile, Abby was too sick to swallow her food, she felt horrible. Her consciousness came in and out and when she woke up, she saw her mother was standing next to her bed. 
"How do you feel?" Rose asked. She looked at Abby calmly, something that the little girl always adored from her mother, but later on, she would learn that was a pair of cold eyes, instead of calmness. 
"I feel slightly better," Abby lied, she pushed herself from the bed into siting position, even though her head was spinning. "Mother don’t need to worry." 
"Abby. I have told you countless time not to call me mother." 
Abby bit her lip. "Yes, Serafim Rose." 
However, right at that time, a girl entered her room and called the Serafim. 
"Mother? How is Abby?" Gabriel asked, she approached her mother and hugged her, while the Serafim caressed her head. You could see how ’the calmness’ in her eyes turned into a gaze full of love. 
"She is fine. You shouldn’t be here. You can catch her cold." 
"Don’t worry, I am very healthy. I will not get sick." 
"Eat your food and medicine." 
"Yes, mo... Serafim." 
After that, Rose took Gabriel out of the room immediately because she didn’t want her to get sick also, or probably because she didn’t want to stay there for long. She came to check on Abby because she was still her responsibility. 
Abby picked on her nails, she stared at the food and the medicine and felt even more sick. 
She didn’t want to eat her food, but she couldn’t eat her medicine if she didn’t and when the little Abby tried to shove down the food, she vomited instead. 
She called someone, there should be someone, who waited at the door, but after she cried for them, no one came. 
People didn’t care about her and she knew that, but it was very awful for them to leave a sick child alone without anyone tending to her. 
And when Abby got off the bed to clean her own mess, she heard someone opened the door and Liam entered the room. His clear eyes looked surprised to see Abby was awake, standing beside her bed, barefooted. 
"You should be laying down." 
Liam immediately rushed toward Abby, but she stopped him. "Don’t come here! Don’t come here!" She was embarrassed with the mess that she made. She didn’t want him to see her like this. 
"Why? What happened?" 
"Don’t look!" 
Abby felt like crying. 
"It’s okay, Abby." Liam walked closer toward her, but she cried even harder, because she was very embarrassed. 
"No! Don’t come!" Abby said again, but like usual, Liam always managed to coax her. Upon closer look, he could see what made her very upset. 
"It’s okay, Abby. You can lay down on the sofa for a while, I will clean it up." He approached Abby and wiped her tears with his sleeves. "You are sick, it’s normal for you to vomit. I will clean it up, okay? I have cleaned up someone else’s vomit before, it didn’t bother me at all." 
After some coaxing, Abby finally lay down on the sofa and watched how Liam changed her sheet and did the cleaning of her mess. Life must be so hard on him out there because she could do everything without confusion at all. 
"It’s done. Come here!" Liam said happily. "Clean sheet always makes me feel good." He helped Abby to lay down on the bed. 
"How can you get here? Are they allowed you to come?" 
"There is no one there. I can easily come." 
Abby looked down, she was sad. 
"Oh, is this your food and your medicine? I will go to the kitchen and ask warm food. I will be back, okay?" 
Liam returned less than half an hour with warm food and a glass of milk. He was very patient to coax her to eat her food and drink her medicine. Thankfully, Abby didn’t vomit it again. 
"Now, sleep." Liam tucked her in. 
"Can you stay here? I don’t want to be left alone." 
Liam thought about that and then agreed. "Do you want me to tell you a story?" 
"What story?" Abby asked, she scooted over to give Liam space on her bed. "Come here. You said you like clean sheet." 
Liam blushed. "No. It’s not proper for me to sleep there." 
"It’s okay. Nobody is around, right? I don’t think there is someone will come until my next meal." Abby seemed to know about it better.
A little bit hesitated, Liam then climbed the bed and was surprised. "This bed is so comfortable. I have never slept in such comfortable bed!" 
Abby chuckled to see his reaction.
###Chapter 1029: SIDE STORY (ABBY): THE WINNER
Chapter 1029: SIDE STORY (ABBY): THE WINNER
"You shouldn’t be too close with those two orphans," Serafim Rose said in her usual monotonous voice. 
Abby lifted her head from the book that she was reading, her expression didn’t change. "Yes, Serafim Rose." 
Even though that was her answer, but she didn’t even try to cease down the frequency of her meeting with Liam and Cedric. She cherished both of them more than anything, because they were the only people, who truly cared to her. 
"Is she trying to rebel?" Serafim Rose narrowed her eyes when she watched Abby walked out of the main buildings with Cedric and Liam, the two of them had been waiting for her to go somewhere. "She didn’t listen at all." 
"Don’t push her too far. You are going to lose your grip on her," Elder Xarex said. Usually, he didn’t talk much. 
"She is too weak for that." Serafim Rose didn’t like what he was trying to imply. "In this rate, she is going to make the two of them her personal knights." 
"There is nothing wrong with that. Liam and Cedric were the best knights on their age." Elder Xarex then added. "Rei had known about it and he didn’t have any disagreement if the two orphans became Abby’s personal knights." 
Rose gritted her teeth. She didn’t like whenever Rei got involved, but she didn’t have any real power to go against him. 
In two weeks, the trial would be held, where all the knights would be selected. Five knights would be chosen to be Abby’s personal knights. 
However, people could see that the knights were not too enthusiastic with this upcoming trial, since Abby was well known as the weakest Serafim in the history. It was not an exciting to do to protect a weak person like her and dedicating their lives for her. 
Abby knew about that and she didn’t appear to care with that fact. In her heart, she already chose Liam and Cedric, the rest could be anyone, who interested enough to offer their lives for her. 
She was sixteen right now and probably Elder Xarex was right when he said that Abby had slowly lost from Serafim Rose’s grip, because she did no longer care about having her as her mother. 
Just like what Serafim Rose wanted, she dictated Abby to see her as her predecessor for this title and that was what Abby did right now. 
"What if the elders didn’t allow us to take part in the trial?" Cedric asked, he glanced at Abby, who was laying down on the grass, staring at the blue sky. She was more relax now, she didn’t force herself to study to the point she fell sick. 
But, Cedric knew, deep down, Abby was still long for Serafim Rose to treat her the way she treated her elder sister. 
The contrast was very obvious. Gabriel was Rose’s daughter, while Abby was someone, who would fill her role as the Serafim one day. 
"Don’t worry. You two will be my personal knights and the three of us will be together forever." Abby loved how it sounded. She didn’t know what future held, but the thought she would go through it with Cedric and Liam made her felt lighter. 
"I like that sound." Liam nodded. He glanced at Abby sheepishly. "I hope we can be together until our hair turned grey and our backs are in pain." 
Liam and Abby laughed, while Cedric only stared at the distance. 
The day of the trial came and the rule was pretty simple. They looked for the best knights among them all, where all of the knights, who already came to age had to participate. 
They didn’t really anticipate this day and every fight, the knights weren’t very excited. 
Probably, only Cedric and Liam, who took this trial seriously, which made them met in the final. They had predicted this to happen. 
Abby was happy to see the two of them became the finalist, but she was worried to see them fight against each other. She didn’t want any of them to be hurt. 
"Sit down properly," Serafim Rose said, as she pulled Abby’s sleeve, so she could stop craning her neck to get a better look of the fight below the platform. "You will know, who will win this battle. There is no need to be so work up. You got them as your knights no matter who won this." 
Abby was upset, but she didn’t let her to see that, because Serafim Rose tended to make a big of deal out of it, especially when she was against Liam and Cedric to be her knights to begin with. 
The fight went for more than half an hour, because Cedric and Liam really went all. This was the longest fight for today. 
But in the end, Cedric won the fight because Liam broke his swords. 
"Good fight," Liam said with a chuckle, though his body littered with wounds, so did Cedric. 
Cedric smiled and stretched out his hand to help his friend stood up after he was announced as the winner. 
Aside from Cedric and Liam, there were another three knights, who would be Abby’s personal knights. 
After everything was done and the five knights for the new Serafim was announced, Abby went to see Cedric and Liam. 
"I will help you to heal your wound," Abby said, as she approached Liam. 
"You shouldn’t be here, Abby," Cedric reminded her that it was not appropriate for her to come to the knight’s quarter, but Abby brushed it off. She didn’t want to be told what she could do and what she couldn’t. She had heard about it a lot. 
"Thank you, I feel very honored to be treated by the Serafim’s divine power," Liam said exaggeratedly and Abby slapped his shoulder, which made him winched. 
"I didn’t even hit you that hard, don’t be a baby." After Abby was done with Liam, she went to Cedric. "Let me see your wound." 
"Don’t worry. I am fine. He didn’t hurt me at all." 
Liam scowled. "I am sure I stabbed you somewhere during the fight." 
"Don’t even dream about that." Cedric then stood up and left the two of them. He felt uncomfortable to see how in sync Liam and Abby were, as if he was only a nuisance whenever it was the three of them alone. 
"Why he is in a bad mood when he is the winner?" Liam grumbled, he plopped sweet into his mouth, while Abby sat next to him. They chatted for hours after that. Abby even skipped her lesson because she didn’t want to go back. 
It was so stuffy there, she felt like she couldn’t breathe properly every time she was there. 
However, when Abby returned, she should have expected this from Serafim Rose when she personally came to her bedroom to tell her how wrong her action was. She only came here to talk about this kind of things, she had never really cared about her second daughter. 
"If you skipped your lesson again, I will lock you up, until you learned your lesson." 
Rose was so mad, if it was not for Rei, who had agreed to make Liam and Cedric as Abby’s personal knight, she wouldn’t have let Abby to associate herself with those orphans, even when her daughter threw a tantrum. 
Unfortunately, Abby was also adamant to have Liam and Cedric. 
"Yes, Serafim Rose," Abby replied, but like usual. She kept doing the same thing, to the point Serafim Rose reached her limit and locked her up in the attic for three days straight. 
She only released her because Abby fell sick. 
Because of that, Abby couldn’t go out for a few ceremonies that supposed to be held for the new Serafim, but people always had something bad to say about her. 
They always pointed out their fingers about how weak she was and how she shouldn’t make Serafim Rose angry because she knew better. 
And like usual, unless it was time for meal and medicine, there was no one stood guard, which made it easy for Liam and Cedric to sneak in. 
"We shouldn’t have come here." 
"Oh, shut up, Ced. No one will know. No one will come here." Liam was actually very angry with this fact. 
And for two weeks Abby fell sick, the two of them would come every night to check on her condition or simply stay there until Abby was asleep. 
"You should remember your place, Ced, she is the Serafim, you are only her personal knight," Cedric warned Cedric one day. 
It had been three years since they became Abby’s personal knight and Serafim Rose stepped down from her role as the Serafim. 
"What’s wrong?" Liam frowned. "It’s not like she will reciprocate my feeling." 
Cedric glanced at Liam. Even a blind people could see that Abby felt the same like him and Cedric knew it was only a matter of time before they noticed each other’s feeling. 
In that front, Liam was wrong, because one day, Abby kissed him and that was the start of everything, where they became each other first and thing escalated beyond what they thought.
When they were younger, the three of them dreamed to stay together until they grew old, but unfortunately, dream was not reality, because in real life, such as forever didn’t exist. 
Years later, it was only Abby and Cedric. And the baby... 
"Can you tell me again about my father, uncle?" The little girl asked Cedric. "Did my father really win against you in a fight?" 
"Yes, he always won."
###Chapter 1030: SIDE STORY (ABBY): UNITY
Chapter 1030: SIDE STORY (ABBY): UNITY
Bielle was two years old when Abby became the sole leader of the Holy Kingdom. She still held the title as the Serafim, but after the announcement that Decratic had gone, she also announced that she would be the last Serafim in the Holy Kingdom. 
Some people disagreed with her and some didn’t know what to say about the entire thing, because it was still fresh and new for them. 
They were talking about how the Holy Kingdom after this, without the Serafim, there was no Holy Kingdom anymore. The entire existence of the Holy Kingdom revolved around the Serafim. 
"Next year, the elders will return. I am sure they are going to gather more supporter, once they are here, especially those, who were still against the idea of you as the last Serafim," Cedric said. He was standing behind Abby after a long meeting with the other important figure in the Holy Kingdom, even the king of Andel was presence. 
Cedric was carrying Bielle in his arms. The baby girl had fallen asleep when she waited for her mother. She didn’t want to go to bed if it was not her mother, who tucked her in. 
Abby turned around and approached Cedric, she took the baby from his arms and cradled her. It was still hard for Abby to accept the fact that Liam had gone. She was grieving for a long time and Bielle was the only consolation for her. 
"I know." Abby nodded, she started walking toward Bielle’s bedroom. "Do you think, what option do I have now?" 
Abby had thought about everything carefully and she wanted to know what Cedric thought about it. 
"There is nothing much." Cedric shook his head. "You need to establish your power within the Holy Kingdom and won over everyone’s heart before the Elders set their foot here, even so, they would still be a threat for us." 
Abby agreed with that statement, but she said nothing and tucked Bielle in her bed. She stared at her daughter’s face, she took after Liam so much that Abby felt her heart was squeezed every time she saw her face. 
Cedric was still her personal warrior and he would always be. He loved Bielle as much as Abby did and was very protective of her. 
"You have a plan for this," Cedric said after both of them stepped out of Bielle’s bedroom. He had known her almost for their entire life, as much as Abby couldn’t hide anything from Liam, she couldn’t hide anything from him too. 
"Yes, I have one plan," Abby said. She didn’t seem to be fond of this idea of hers. The way she said it and how her eyes dimmed said everything. 
"What is it?" 
Abby had this internal struggle whether she had to tell him about her plan or not. But in the end, she knew she couldn’t hide this plan forever from Cedric, because if she wanted to go through with this plan, he would know about it eventually.
At the very least, she had to give him this much to Cedric and let him knew beforehand. 
"There is a marriage proposal from Andel Kingdom," Abby said and in an instant it clicked in Cedric’s mind. He didn’t need to hear the rest, because he immediately knew what plan that Abby had in her mind. 
Cedric balled his fists. He took a deep breath to calm his nerves. He stared at the woman beside him and felt his heart was shattered into million pieces. He couldn’t fathom a way to recover from this if Abby really went through with this plan of hers. 
"Which prince?" 
"Prince Barry, the second in line," Abby said. 
Her plan to save herself and her baby, and how to counter the elders’ influence once they were here was to join hand with Andel Kingdom. 
All this time, under the control of the Elders and Rei, Andel Kingdom had been in the background, while the true power was held by Holy Kingdom, but thing had changed and this was a great opportunity for Andel Kingdom to raise again. 
With this marriage, the Holy Kingdom and Andel Kingdom could join hand together and balance the power in this continent. 
This was the best solution, it could suppress the Elder’s power even if they returned. 
No matter what, Andel Kingdom was still a kingdom. It held significant power. 
"Prince Barry is... good choice." Cedric lowered his head, he walked her back to her bedroom and for the rest of their walk, no one uttered a single word. "Sleep well, tomorrow will be better." 
Cedric used to say that whenever he said goodnight to Abby, but his words felt sorrowful and hollow. 
"Cedric," Abby called him when he turned around, but he seemed not listen to her and keep walking, thus she grabbed his arm and this startled him a bit. 
"Yes?" He turned around and looked at her. 
"I called you." 
"I am sorry, I didn’t hear you." Cedric looked flustered, because it was very obvious that he was against Abby’s idea, but both of them knew there was no other option for them. This marriage would benefit both kingdoms. "I only have a lot in my mind. Is there something do you want to say to me?" 
Abby bit her lip, she was not dumb. She knew how Cedric felt about her and she couldn’t reciprocate it and she could say for certainty that even with this marriage, there was no one else could replace Liam in her heart. There was no one could fill the void that he left. 
"I am sorry," Abby said plainly. She was sorry for everything. She wanted to tell him how much she loved him, but not in the way he saw her. "I am really sorry, Cedric." 
Cedric smiled at her, his smile was very comforting. He was always be the logic one among the three of them. "I will get over it, Abby. I know you did the right thing and this is not easy on you two. Don’t be so hard on yourself." 
Abby really wanted to cry when she heard that, she held back her tears, but she couldn’t for long when Cedric asked a hug from her. 
"This is only a hug, nothing else, just like how we were little." 
Abby hugged him and cried against his chest, while Cedric patted her back. 
He said that he would get over her soon, but how could he when he had loved her more than a decade. He saw her first and loved her the moment she saw that little girl with determined eyes. She looked so brilliant and beautiful. 
Cedric never saw Abby as a weak woman, even when they were little. She was always this strong little girl, the stubborn one. People always said that she was weak, but she was not. 
Life tried to beat her down and disappoint her over and over again, but she kept moving forward. 
Cedric wanted nothing but happiness for her and he thought she could get it with Liam, but as it turned out, life put her down again. 
"Everything will be alright, Abby. Tomorrow will be better," Cedric chanted the word. It was like a spell and they hugged like that for a while. 
They shouldn’t have done it, because it was very critical moment and they couldn’t afford a scandal, after all, Bielle’s existence was already scandalous enough. 
A week later, Abby responded to the letter and agree with the marriage proposal. Two days later, she met with prince Barry to discuss about this marriage. 
Abby didn’t know what to expect from this man. She tried to gather all the information about prince Barry, but even with this knowledge, it didn’t make her feel at ease. 
"Please, stay back. I want to talk with him alone," Abby said to Cedric. His presence wouldn’t help, because she felt so guilty, Cedric was a reminder of her young self, where she was in love with Liam and in weird way, this marriage felt like she had betrayed him. 
Cedric agreed and left Abby with prince Barry. 
This prince looked decent. They talked about trivial things that related to the marriage, in which both already knew, they only wanted to confirm them and avoid any misunderstanding, but they had not reached the sensitive topic. 
"About my daughter," Abby started when there was nothing left to discuss, but this one important topic, it seemed prince Barry waited for her to be the one, who talked about it first. "I know that she will be the main contention in this marriage, but I don’t agree to leave her behind." 
There was this one thing that bothered her when she received the demand from the Andel Kingdom. It did make sense for them not to have anything to do with the baby, but Abby couldn’t do that, it would only repeat the same thing that happened to her in her own mother’s hand. 
"I will be an active role in her life. I will not hide her from the world and separate myself from her." 
Prince Barry nodded. "I agreed with you. The demand that you received came from the people in the kingdom, but me myself, will not agree to separate a child from their mother. But, she will never be the first prince. She will not inherit anything from Andel Kingdom." 
Abby nodded. "That’s fair enough," she accepted that easily and the conversation became less tensed again. 
Three months from then, a royal wedding was held, where people cheered for the couple, this marked the unity between two kingdoms.
###Chapter 1031: SIDE STORY (ABBY): HAPPINESS
Chapter 1031: SIDE STORY (ABBY): HAPPINESS
And just like what Abby had predicted, the moment the three elders stepped their foot in the Andel continent, the support for them increased significantly. 
Those people, who disagreed with Abby’s decision to end the reign of the Holy Kingdom and decided to share the power with the royal family were quick to stick by the elders’ side. 
However, it was so unfortunate for them, because it was already so late. The collaboration between Holy Kingdom and Andel Kingdom was a refreshing air for the people. 
Serafim Abby and prince Barry became a new icon for them, the icon of peace and unity. The two of them were loved by the people. 
Therefore, the Elders would only dig their own grave if they tried to disrupt this peaceful era. 
Nonetheless, despite the support they had from a few people in the Holy Kingdom, there was nothing they could do. They had been absent for three years and they had lost all the support and real strength that once they had. 
"Don’t you want to see them?" Barry asked Abby when he just returned from his meeting. "I heard they have been here for a month." 
He didn’t bring this topic up sooner, because he knew how sensitive this topic was for Abby, but he felt they needed to address this sooner or later, especially when he received a letter from Elder Rose. 
"There is no need for me to see them." 
Abby took off her hair piece and let her cascaded down her back. They had been married for less than a year and their interaction would always be related to the state affair, it really felt like a marriage business, though they always showed the people how affectionate they were with each other, to the point, most of the people forgot this marriage was an arranged one. 
"Elder Rose sent me this letter," Barry said, he put the letter in front of Abby and stood behind her to comb her hair. 
"Why did she send you a letter?" Abby opened it and read it casually. Even though the letter was directed to Barry, but the content was directed to Abby and the gist of it was; Elder Rose wanted to see Abby, she asked for Barry to help. 
"Probably because she knew that you wouldn’t open the letter if you knew it came from her." 
"I wish she could understand that and leave me alone," Abby said, she stared at Barry. This man was always kind and respectful toward her. He kept his word to treat Bielle nicely and in this past year, he became a father figure for her little one. 
"Okay." Barry nodded. 
"Thank you, Barry. I will not have someone more understanding than you." 
Barry smiled. "Don’t say that when you have Cedric. It didn’t sound genuine." He then added. "Can you avoid to meet with him alone? People talked." 
Abby was slightly taken aback and lowered her head. "Understood." 
She understood that they had to fulfill their own role, but Abby felt comfortable with Cedric. Not in a romantic way, but she saw him as a big brother. She always saw him in that way, but with her status as prince Barry’s wife, she wouldn’t be able to afford to have scandalous rumor about her and Cedric. 
It wouldn’t only hurt her, but also Cedric. 
People could be very vile and vicious and a rumor could be the start of a downfall. 
Abby had worked so hard for this, she couldn’t take a risk when her daughter was also added into the equivalent. 
However, Abby needed to make it clear with Cedric for one last time, thus she met with him in secret to tell him that he was released from his duty as her personal knights. 
"I am sorry, Cedric." Abby felt so sad to have to let go the last person from her past. She felt like their day together when they were little, when there were only the three of them, were the best moments of her life. 
She really wanted to return to that moment, even though life didn’t treat her well, but she always had Cedric and Liam to rely on. 
"I understood." Cedric nodded. 
To Abby’s surprised, Cedric didn’t argue with her. She had prepared a long explanation and thought about all the answer for a possible question that Cedric would give to her, but as it turned out he accepted it without any question. 
"Don’t you want to know why?" 
Cedric chuckled. He looked relax. "I know this day will come one day, Abby. I am well aware of the rumor that started among the people." 
People knew that Cedric was Abby’s childhood bestfriend, along with Liam. Some people could guess that Bielle’s father was Liam, since the little girl took after her father so much, but there were also people, who assumed Cedric was the father, since he was so close with Bielle and how Abby kept him with her. 
"I know it’s time for me to let you go. You have done so well all this time and prince Barry is a decent man. He will be able to protect you." 
Abby bit her tongue, she wanted to cry and hug him, but she couldn’t. It would only make it harder for the two of them. 
They were innocent. They didn’t do anything inappropriate, but they couldn’t risk it. Just like what Barry said, people talked. 
"Thank you, Cedric, thank you for everything." 
"Just promise me one thing." Cedric wanted to hug her, comforting her because he knew that she was about to cry, but he didn’t do it for the same reason like her. "Be happy. Be strong and know that you will always have me to help you. You just need to call me and I will come. I will do everything to keep you and Bielle safe. No question asked." 
After that, Cedric was being transferred to different area, where he would lead a few knights to relief the disaster in a city that was so far from the capital. 
They did it very subtle, as if Cedric went away in the name of the Holy Kingdom, the Serafim, but with the great distance, it meant, the two of them wouldn’t see each other and probably, they wouldn’t encounter each other anymore. 
This was very effective to shut people down and stop them from talking. 
"I know this is hard for you." Barry approached Abby, he helped her to take off her hair piece and let her long hair cascaded down her back. She looked beautiful and regal. "Cedric came to me before he left." 
Barry could see how Abby’s body turned rigid with the mentioned of Cedric. "What did he say?" 
"He told me to treat you well and make you happy." 
Abby nodded. "That sounds like him." 
"Are you happy?" Barry took a brush and combed her hair. "Do you finally feel happiness?" 
Abby didn’t want to answer that. "I have you as my husband and Bielle by my side, I will be so greedy if I asked for more. You can’t live to have everything." 
Barry didn’t say anything at all. He only lowered his head to kiss her neck. He always did it whenever he wanted her, but he would stop his advance if Abby gave him any indication that she didn’t want it. 
However, Abby let him to kiss her nape, neck and then her shoulder. He hugged her from behind and when Abby didn’t resist, he took her to the bed. 
Still, even until this day, Abby felt this strong feeling of guilty whenever Barry touched her, which was so absurd, since she was his already. 
Even after five years they were together, this guilty feeling didn’t disappear, until one day, she overheard Barry’s conversation with Bielle. 
"Why don’t you be my father? People always reminded me that you are not my father and not to call you as such." 
Bielle was only eight years old now and she grew up to be a happy child, Abby and Barry always tried to shield her from the negative words from people around them, but it seemed, there was nothing they could do to really shield her from this. 
"If you thought of me as your father, it would be an honor for me, Bielle, to have a brilliant child like you is a blessing." But then Barry added. "But, you need to remember your own father. You couldn’t forget about him, no matter what, he will always be your father, even though he is not here. He loves you from above. That must be what people wanted to tell you." 
"Really?" 
"Of course," Barry reassured her. "You can think of me as your father and treat me as such, but don’t forget that before me, you already had a father." 
"I will not forget about my father, but I would love to treat you as my father too." 
"Okay." 
Abby heard about this conversation and she knew how much Barry had put an effort for her and Bielle. 
She then approached them to let Barry knew that it was time for them to leave and meet with the people. Bielle kissed both of them and waved to them, as they entered the carriage. 
"I know you heard our conversation. I will handle the people, who talked that way to Bielle," Barry said. 
Abby looked at him closely for the first time in their six years of marriage. "Thank you so much, Barry. I am happy to have you by my side," she said genuinely.
###Chapter 1032: SIDE STORY (ROSE): HER CHILD
Chapter 1032: SIDE STORY (ROSE): HER CHILD
Rose could feel it. She didn’t need a healer to tell her what happened, because she already knew it beforehand. 
Her body was shaking, as she cleaned herself up and stood up. She looked like she was going to cry, but she had to hold herself back, because she couldn’t let herself to succumb in this fear. 
Andreas had been away for three months now. The marriage between them was a sham to keep the two kingdoms together, but actually, for the Holy Kingdom, it was more for digging their influence more to the royal family. 
After the battle with the monsters a few years ago, which caused the salamander went extinct in order to protect Andel continent, people became even more respectful to those from Holy Kingdom than the royal family. 
The power that the Holy Kingdom held surpassed the Andel Kingdom and this became the main contention between the two kingdoms, even with the marriage between Rose and Andreas, it didn’t help. 
The prince, whose one day would sit on the throne was not happy because he felt his dignity had been trampled, since people didn’t care about him, but they would love Rose. She was the heroine during the battle against the monster after all, thus people always thought she was way better than the prince. 
Rose had tried to deescalate the situation, but to no avail. 
Because of that, the marriage between them suffered greatly. They didn’t really like each other to begin with, but because of what people was thinking about them and how it affected Andreas, it made their living situation became more unbearable and now, it had been three months since prince Andreas left Holy Kingdom and stayed in Andel kingdom, leaving Rose and two years old Gabriel behind. 
His dignity was hurt. He was the future king, the next ruler on the throne, but people more excited to see Rose than him. People praised his woman more than they did him. 
"Mama? What happened?" Gabriel approached her mother, she looked at her mother with this blue eyes. Her red, curly hair looked so cute, she took after her father. 
The royal family in Andelus continent had these traits. Blue eyes with red hair. 
"I am fine, Gabriel," Rose said, she hugged her daughter and kissed her cheek, though she disliked Andreas and considered this marriage was fake, but she loved her daughter so much. 
"But, why are you crying?" Gabriel asked, she looked at her mother with her clear blue eyes, she looked so sweet and innocent. The concern in her eyes were very genuine, not like the people around Rose, who tried to get to her good grace only. 
"I am not. There is dust in my eyes, so I tear up a little bit." 
Rose reassured her little one. There was no way she was going to tell her about what happened. Her little girl didn’t need to care herself about this kind of problem. She didn’t have to carry the responsibility to comfort her. 
"Don’t be sad, mama..." Gabriel wiped Rose’s tears with her little hand and kissed her. This was the only comfort that Rose had in this cold kingdom that people always praised so much. 
Later that night, Rose met with Ari. 
Ari was one of her personal protectors, he was not only a knight, but he was also a magic user, a strong one. 
They had known each other for long, fought the monsters side by side during the critical moment in Andelus Continent because of the monster attack, thus it was not a surprise when the two of them developed feeling that shouldn’t be there in the first place. 
However, there was no way for them to be together, as their duty came first and they held their title for a reason. 
"I am pregnant," Rose said without beating around the bush. She was alone with Ari in his bedroom. He had told her not to see him here, but she didn’t want to listen to that right now, her mind was a mess.
Ari looked at Rose with mortified look in his eyes, but then he immediately approached her to comfort her. 
"We can’t pass the baby as Andreas’, because people knew that he has not been here for three months. The time will be odd and people will be suspicious." Rose said everything in emotionless way, because she couldn’t feel anything anymore at this point. 
"It’s okay. We will figure a way out of this," Ari said. He hugged her tightly. "We will find a way out of this. It’s okay." 
However, like usual, life didn’t treat them well. Their only option was to get rid of the baby, or came clean to Andreas. 
The last option didn’t look like it would draw a good result, but Rose couldn’t bring herself to choose the first option. 
She couldn’t kill this child. She didn’t want to get rid of this baby and even more because she really wanted this baby, since this was hers and Ari’s. 
She wanted a piece of him. She knew it was selfish of her to put them into a danger, but she had been selfless in her entire life, this was the only thing that she really wanted. She wouldn’t ask for more after this. 
"Drink this. You will feel the pain, but I will help to alleviate it," Ari said, he handed her a glass of medicine to help with the abortion. 
Rose was already three months and sooner or later, she would start showing and people would notice that. 
"It will only hurt a little. I can assure you that." Ari looked calm, but there was this turmoil within him. He was going to kill his own flesh and blood after all. 
"Okay..." Rose said, her expression didn’t show any emotion, as she brought the glass to her lips, but Ari stopped her. 
For a moment, they only stayed like that. They didn’t say anything, but both of them knew they didn’t want it. They didn’t wish to harm the baby. They wanted to see this little one. 
"Drink it." 
It was so hard to let go of Rose’s hand, but he loosened his grip and dropped his hands. He intertwined his hands together, as if to prevent himself from stopping Rose again. 
But this time, Rose didn’t continue. She put down the glass and stood up. 
"I can’t do it." 
Her voice was shaking, tears streamed down her face. She was very young to carry this responsibility and to make this horrendous decision. 
"Why can’t I have this baby? We both love the baby. Why can’t we have the baby?" Rose rushed out of the room and for the next few weeks, she didn’t come out of her bedroom, people said that she was sick and they were worried about her. 
People sent so many flowers to her bedroom, but the beauty of them couldn’t soothe the Serafim’s pain. 
And on the fourth week of Rose meeting with Ari, he finally came to her bedroom, since she had been avoiding him. This was his last resort. 
"Rose," Ari called her. She was sleeping, but he could see the tears on her cheeks and how swollen her eyes were. 
If you looked closely you would be able to see her bump. 
Rose woke up groggily, but she immediately sat straight when she saw Ari. "I don’t want to give up on this baby." 
"I know." Ari nodded. He didn’t want to give up on their child either. "I have talked to Andreas." 
"What?!" Rose was shocked. She thought Ari didn’t care about her and their baby, just like how Andreas chose to live separately from her and their daughter, Gabriel. "Wh- what have you done?" she was mortified. 
"He agreed to let you give birth to the baby," Ari said again, he smiled, as if he had found the solution, but his eyes couldn’t lie. 
"How? What did you promise him?" 
"He wanted you to go to the south and relief the plague there. The problem in the southern kingdom has increased and now it’s getting out of hands." 
Rose could do that, but it felt like it was a small price that she had to pay. "About the child?" Rose asked worriedly. 
"He will say that the child is his." 
Rose was happy, but she couldn’t shake this weird feeling inside of her, because Andreas was not so forgiving. He wouldn’t just accept it just like that. 
Thus, with a heavy heart, Rose went to the southern kingdom to relief the disaster there. She should find this suspicious when Ari said that he would come later because there was something that he needed to take care of. 
However, Rose trusted him so much, she thought Ari wouldn’t hide anything from her. 
And it was proven wrong when four days later she heard that Ari had been executed for treason. He was hanged a day ago. His body would be left in the forest, so the monsters would take care of it. 
"Wh- what did you say?" Rose fell to her knees, she felt this cramp on her stomach. This sharp pain told her that she was not dreaming. "H- How they could do that when he is part of the Holy Kingdom? The royal family has no say to punish people from the Holy Kingdom." 
Xarex helped her to get up. He didn’t say much, only reminded her that Ari was part of the royal family too. 
"They punished him for the crime to Andel Kingdom." 
"And you did nothing to stop it?!"
###Chapter 1033: SIDE STORY (ROSE): AGONY
Chapter 1033: SIDE STORY (ROSE): AGONY
Rose was devastated, she had a mental breakdown the moment she heard the news about Ari’s death from Xarex. 
"And you did nothing to stop it?!" Rose screamed to his face, but the young man looked unfazed. He didn’t show any emotion whatsoever. 
"What can I do? That’s beyond my authority." 
"Rei didn’t do anything too!" Rose was hysteric and there was no amount of reasoning that she could accept. She was beyond hurt. 
Even if she rushed back to the Holy Kingdom, there was nothing much she could do, since it would be too late for her, because it would take her two days and by the time she was there, there would be nothing left of Ari. 
That forest was so vicious, even without the monster, there were so many wild animals that would love an extra meat for their meal. 
Rose couldn’t imagine that. How could Andreas so cruel toward her and also his own brother? How he could treat him so bad? No matter what, they were still brother, they shared the same blood! 
But more importantly, how could Ari didn’t fight back? He was a great magic user, he could fight back. He could kill Andreas if he wanted, since the future king was not gifted with any magic power. 
But, Ari chose to give up. He chose to give up on her and their baby. 
Rose screamed and wailed, but Xarex didn’t show anything on his face, he looked unperturbed, as if the woman before him was only throwing a tantrum. 
However, he was patient enough to wait until Elder Rose was done and then approached her. "I am here not to tell you about this, but I thought you need to know what happened, since you will learn about it sooner or later." 
Rose looked defeated, her eyes were red and her stomach was hurt, she was afraid something happened to her and the baby. Her baby was the only thing that could tie her with Ari. Her baby was the only thing that she had that could remind her of him. 
She forced herself to calm down, but it hurt her head and her heart so much. It felt like she was being pulled toward different direction at the same time. 
Rose sat down on the floor, staring at Xarex. She was a mess and she didn’t care about it. 
"Why are you here?" Her voice was so hoarse and she looked like she had grown very old. 
If Xarex didn’t come to see her to tell her about what happened to Ari, he must have hidden agenda to appear now. 
"Rei knew about your pregnancy. The baby is Ari’s, right?" 
Out of instinct, Rose put her arms around her belly to protect her child, as if Xarex was going to attack her, yet the man only stood there. 
Xarex was hailed from the pure faction, thus whatever reason he was here right now, it must have something to do with them. 
"I am here to remind you that if the baby is a girl, Rei will have her for a year, just like he did to Gabriel and the other daughter of the previous Serafim." 
Rose’s eyes turned dark. She snapped at him through her gritted teeth. "This baby is not Andreas’! The baby has nothing to do with Rei!" 
Xarex shook his head. "You don’t get it, do you?" He talked in clear voice. "Rei didn’t care, who fathered the baby, neither he cared about your affair. The rule is the daughter of the Serafim." 
Rose screamed at Xarex, she stood up and grabbed a plate to throw it against him, but Xarex moved faster and wrapped his arms around her neck. He was a magic user, in normal occasion, he wouldn’t have stood a chance to fight a Serafim like Rose, since she was a powerful Serafim, but right now, Rose was not in her right mind. 
Once Xarex wrapped his arms around Rose’s neck, she lost her strength, her body fell so heavy and her eyelids were hard to open. 
Xarex put her to sleep, so she wouldn’t do any harm on the baby, because there was a high chance that the baby was a girl and Rei would be so pissed off if something happened to Rose during her pregnancy. 
That was why Xarex was sent here to monitor her. 
And the moment Rose returned to the Holy Kingdom, there was nothing left of Ari. She heard a few rumors about him, but she chose to turn deaf ears. She shut herself inside her room for the rest of her pregnancy and prayed her baby would be a son, so Rei wouldn’t be able to take him away. It would be a bliss for her to have a son that looked like Ari. 
The second day Rose returned to the Holy Kingdom, she immediately marched toward Andel kingdom to meet with Andreas. 
A harsh slap landed across his face the moment the two of them were left alone. 
"He is your brother!" Rose screamed to his face. "How could you kill your own brother?!" 
Andreas looked very livid, he balled his fists, holding himself back from slapped Rose back. He didn’t want to harm a pregnant woman, even when she deserved it. 
"He was my brother! How could you have an affair with my own brother out of all people!?" Andreas snapped back at her. "How could you do that to me?!" 
Andreas and Ari were close, but growing up, with different responsibility on their shoulders, they grew apart, but to know your wife was being pregnant with your own brother, it was something that no one could forgive easily. 
"Ari knew about this! He agreed with death sentence!" Andreas roared at Rose, whose face had turned red. "He thought with his death it’s enough to atone for his sin! Do you think it’s enough when I have to admit that baby in your womb is mine?! How much do you have to stomp off my dignity for you to be satisfied?!" 
"You only cared about your own dignity." Rose’s body was trembling. "You only cared about your stupid dignity! You never cared about me! In that case, why don’t you leave me and Ari alone?! We can leave separately!" 
Andreas looked very hurt. "No matter how much I don’t like this marriage, I have never disrespected you by sleeping around. My loyalty is to this kingdom and you. I have never touched another woman despite how frustrated I am with you, Rose. Let alone to be with someone that’s so close to you." 
That was their last conversation and after that, they lived separately. 
During this time, Rose was not active. The Holy Kingdom still stood, but the Serafim was missing in action. 
And at dawn in the middle of autumn, she gave birth to her baby girl. Like usual, life was so hard on her. 
"My baby! My baby!" Rose cried when someone took her baby away. She struggled against the people, who pinned her down, but after losing so much blood during the labor, she had no more strength to fight them back. 
And the last time she saw her baby was when Rei took her with him. She only saw a glimpse of her face, but it was not enough. She didn’t even have a chance to breastfeed her and hold her in her arms. She was hopeless. A useless mother, who couldn’t protect her own daughter. 
"Rei will give you the baby back in a year. You have gone through this with Gabriel. It will be fine in the end, right?" 
No! 
It was not the same! 
This baby was so precious to Rose, this baby was so dear to her. She was the last thing that Ari left. His flesh and blood, their child. 
"Don’t worry, you will have your baby back in a year." 
That was what people around her said, but after a year, Rei didn’t return her baby. Two years passed and there was no sign of her baby would be back to her arms. Three years, five years, ten years.... 
Time went by and Rose knew deep down that she wouldn’t see her daughter again. They only said that her baby’s name was Nera. That was all. That was the only information that she was privileged of. 
For the next two decades, Rose and Andreas’s relationship gradually became a little bit better, because there was something happened and it was for people’s best interest for them to start living together again, they still cordial with one another. 
However, in her old age, when Rose thought she was done and was actually glad that Gabriel was not the next Serafim, since she didn’t want her baby girl to live the life she had, she found out she was pregnant. 
This was her third pregnancy. 
This pregnancy brought back all the bad memories that she tried to bury. It gave her anxiety and nightmares, especially when she learned that the baby was a girl, which meant, Rei would take her away. 
Rose couldn’t go through that pain again, she didn’t want to be in pain anymore. Therefore, even before she gave birth to the baby, she already detached herself, to the point, where she didn’t even cry or protest when they took her baby away. 
In her mind, she didn’t even have a hope that the baby would be returned, just like what happened to Nera, thus she didn’t want to yearn for her. 
And because of that, when Abby was given back to her, she didn’t feel anything toward this daughter of hers.
###Chapter 1034: SIDE STORY (NERA): CAGED
Chapter 1034: SIDE STORY (NERA): CAGED
Nera stared at the window, she hummed a song, while staring at the blue sky from the windowsill, she was sitting at. 
She was an eight years old little girl, who spent her life in this huge room that had become her entire world. 
She was not allowed to go outside and only a handful of people that was allowed to talk with her, but Rei would be a constant person, who would always come to see her. He would come with a lot of things, toys and pretty dresses. 
Nera liked it when he came to see her, because it meant, she had someone to play with. She also loved to listen to his story about when he traveled outside. She learned about a few things through him. 
"Rei?" Nera turned around when she heard someone opened the door and her eyes lit up when she saw it was Rei, she rushed toward him and hugged him. 
"How are you, little one?" Rei asked, he carried the little girl in his arms. "You got heavier," he teased and Nera giggled. "Here I bring something for you." 
"Candy!" Nera was excited when Rei gave her the candies. 
Rei then put her down on the sofa and gave her more of the candies. 
"Where have you been? You have been away for two days," Nera said, chewing on her candy. "Did you go to travel the world again?" 
"Yes." Rei caressed her cheeks and ruffled her hair. 
"Is there a story for me?" 
"Of course, do you want to hear it?" 
"Yes, please!" Nera was so excited to hear that. "Will you take me to travel the world one day?" 
"Of course. I will take you out to see the world, if you were already strong enough." Rei kissed her forehead. "I will take you wherever you wanted and we will see the world together. Do you like it?" 
Nera nodded her head excitedly. 
"That’s why, you need to work on your power quickly, okay?" 
With that, Nera trained with her power harder every day because she wanted to see the world that Rei had been telling her, but more importantly because she wanted to get out of this room. She wanted to see what was there beyond the mountain and the clear horizon. 
She wanted to know what was there behind the tall gates. 
She did whatever Rei told her to do to strengthen her power and finally one day, when she was fifteen years old, she could get out of this room. 
Nera grew up to be a beautiful girl, having the royal blood and the Serafim’s blood ran in her veins, she was a powerful magic user and one could see that even when she was so young. 
She inherited the trait of the royal family. Where the woman was blessed with this unique ability to see spirit. Not all the woman would be born with this ability, but the one who had, was absolutely gifted. 
"You have done a great job, Nera!" Rei said, he came to hug her and kissed her cheeks. "You are so amazing!" 
Rei looked so proud of her when she managed to create a strong barrier around her and summoned the Sylph. The air spirit was very powerful and even so, Nera still had abundance of energy. She was very talented. 
"Thank you," Nera said calmly. 
"Why don’t you hug me back?" Rei pretended to be hurt when he saw Nera didn’t reciprocate his hug. "You used to hug and kiss me when you were little." 
Nera smiled and hugged him. 
She was not little anymore. She was fifteen years old and she started getting uncomfortable with the physical touch. Though, Rei always did the same thing. Hugs and kisses from him started to make Nera a little bit uncomfortable. 
However, she tried not to show it because she knew that Rei would get upset. 
"I have another good news, do you want to hear it?" Rei asked as they walked back to the house. It was only three years ago where he allowed Nera to go out of her bedroom, because of how powerful she became, she would destroy her room if she used her power there. 
"What is it?" 
"I have to visit Karam continent and I will take you with me, we will start traveling around the world. Do you like it?" Rei asked enthusiastically and he wished to see the same reaction from Nera. 
However, she grew up to be so calm and only nodded while smiling. "Yes." 
"Don’t you feel excited?" Rei asked because he didn’t like how lukewarm her response was to the news. 
"Yes, I love it." 
Rei still didn’t like this reaction, but he didn’t say anything. 
However, two days later, he canceled their trip. He came to see Nera and tell her directly about that. His reason was because she was not ready to see the world. 
Yet, Nera was not dumb to know the real reason why Rei canceled it. This must be because she didn’t react the way he expected her to be. 
"Let’s go another time, okay?" He said with comforting tone, though Nera could see there was this flicker of excitement in his eyes when he saw the disappointed look in her eyes. 
"Okay." Nera kept her expression neutral. 
She didn’t know when it started, but she didn’t feel the same excitement that she felt when she was little whenever she saw Rei, or maybe because she was not that young little girl anymore, who knew nothing about what Rei was doing whenever he was away. 
Yes. Nera knew it. She could see spirit, but not only that, she could communicate with them. Those spirits told her more stories than what Rei had told her. The story that she didn’t want to believe, but spirits didn’t have any hidden agenda. They told her what they saw... 
Probably around that time, she slowly changed her view on Rei. 
The spirits didn’t like Rei too, they wouldn’t come to see her when he was around and they asked Nera to not tell him about their meeting. They didn’t want Rei to know that she had this ability and Nera listened to them. 
"Let’s go another day, okay?" Rei kissed her cheeks and then left. 
Nera walked back to her bed and lay down, while staring at the ceiling. She was so young, but there was a lot in her mind. 
And what Rei said about ’another day’ turned into years. Nera was nineteen when she finally managed to see what laid behind the gates. 
It was a town, full of life, there were so many peoples. The streets were so crowded and Rei held her hand tightly, so she wouldn’t get lost.
"Stay close with me. Don’t wonder around. Hold my hand." 
"Okay." 
It was new thing for Nera to see so many people there. She had heard about it from Rei’s story and what the spirits told her, but this was the first time she saw it with her own eyes and for the first time also, Nera was genuinely happy and Rei could see it. 
That night, they stayed in an inn, where Rei got them one room with a big bed for them and this made Nera was slightly uncomfortable. 
"Why? You used to fall asleep with me, while I was telling you a story when you were little?" Rei chuckled to see her uncomfortable expression. "Come, I will tell you more story like you were little." 
However, Nera didn’t want it and this upset Rei. 
"I don’t feel comfortable," Nera said truthfully, she hoped he would understand. 
"You don’t comfortable with me?" 
Nera could sense danger that came from him, she tried to deescalate the situation, but Rei was so hang up on the word she said. 
"Why don’t you feel comfortable with me?" Rei approached her and this forced Nera to step back, until her back was against the wall. Now, without anywhere to go, Rei pinned her against the wall with his body. "If you don’t comfortable with me, who else, you were comfortable with? Is there someone else that you are comfortable with?" 
Rei had never been so scary like this and Nera was genuinely scared of him right now. 
He didn’t raise his voice, but there was something feral about him, something dangerous and dark. She didn’t know why she had never felt this darkness from him before. 
And later on, Nera learned that it was because Rei had been harvesting her divine power, which made him stronger and got some of her divine power as well, where to the point, he could summon the Sylph as well. 
"Is there someone else?!" Rei asked her sternly, he looked at her dead in the eyes. "Did you meet someone else behind my back when I was not around?!" 
Nera shook her head. "No." 
Rei had been very careful to anyone that Nera was interacted with. He would monitor her every move. 
"Good. Because you only could feel comfortable with me. Only me." 
And suddenly, Rei did something that Nera had never thought before. He leaned over and kissed her lips. This was the first time he did this and it happened very quick, Nera didn’t have time to react. 
She didn’t even move and stay like that for another few second, in which Rei took it as she was willing. He tried to pry open her mouth with his tongue, but finally Nera snapped and pushed him away from her. 
She immediately rushed out of the room. Her mind was a mess.
###Chapter 1035: SIDE STORY (NERA): LOVE
Chapter 1035: SIDE STORY (NERA): LOVE
Nera didn’t know where she should go from here, because this was the first time she was in the town, though she had lived here for years, but she had never stepped out of the area that Rei allowed her to go. 
Therefore, the bustling streets and loud noises from all the people bothered her. She was overwhelmed, she couldn’t even think straight. The spirit couldn’t come to see her, since they hated noise. 
People who looked at her with a curious look in their eyes and asked whether she was alright, looked scary in Nera’s eyes, even though they did nothing to her. 
The only thing that Nera had in her mind was how to get away from this situation, because she felt suffocated to be surrounded by so many people. 
Nera didn’t even know why she ran away from Rei when he kissed her, but that was her first instinct to get away as soon as possible from his clutch. 
"What are you doing here?" A young boy around the age of seven stood in front of Nera when she finally found a quiet corner in this lively town. It was already late at night, but people only became even more excited. "You shouldn’t be here. This is my place." 
"I am sorry." 
The little boy feigned to be tough, as he crossed his arms. He tried to glare at Nera to scare her, but he failed miserably. His innocent eyes couldn’t lie that he didn’t know what fear looked like. 
"Adie, what are you doing there?" 
A young man around Nera’s age approached them. Probably he was older by a year or two from her. 
"Brother! I think she lost!" The little boy approached his older brother and pointed his finger at Nera. 
"Lady, forgive my brother’s rudeness." He looked polite, but also sensible enough to immediately realize Nera’s state. "Are you, okay, lady?" 
Nera nodded, but she didn’t say anything. She still looked mortified and he noticed that. 
"Do you have somewhere to go?" He asked and Nera shook her head. "Do you want to come with me? You look very shocked." 
Nera thought about that for a while and immediately nodded. She actually approached the brothers and came with them. 
The older brother then told her his and his brother’s name. He was Dan and his little brother was Adie. They were merchant. 
They came here from Karam continent with their father to trade their commodity. 
Nera was impressed of how well they treated each other and how they conversed and teased one another. Was this how it looked like to have a family? 
They were very open about themselves, as they told her that their mother was waiting for them to return with their little sister, who was only one year old. They also told Nera about their baby sister. 
"I am sorry, this conversation must be boring you," Dan apologized, as Adie kept gushing about how cute his little sister was. 
"No." Nera shook her head. "Please, tell me more. I want to know more." 
They looked surprised by her request, but they must have seen the sincerity in Nera’s eyes that she was genuinely curious to know more, thus they talked more about it, until it was very late at night. 
Once it was time to sleep, they graciously let her to sleep inside the carriage. 
"Lass, I don’t know who are you or what happened to you, but if you have somewhere to go, I will take you there, but if you didn’t have anywhere else, you can come with me." The father gave Nera a blanket as they talked a little bit more. "But, you need to help. Of course, I will pay for your help." 
Nera had a night to decide about it. She was very grateful that she met with these people, they were nice people, the spirit liked them too. 
Therefore, the next day, Nera decided that she wanted to go with them. Travelled to many places, to see the beauty of the world and Nera had never been so happy. 
She forgot about Rei and somehow, her life before this didn’t feel matter to her. She thought, she would miss the comfort of the manor and her bedroom, where everything was handed to her and she didn’t need to do anything. 
But, sleeping under the stary sky was great too. 
And under this stary sky as well, six months later, she shared a kiss with Dan. It was not terrifying like how Rei did it and Nera felt her heart would burst with happiness. 
Ardie kept his word, where he said he would pay Nera and this was the happiest moment when she received her own money and bought a candy for her, Adie and Dan. 
Nera had never been so proud of herself when she got the money for her hardwork. 
Nera met so many people, most of them were merchants, because they interacted with them so often. 
"Nera!" Adie called her, he rushed toward her with a big fish in his arms. "Look! We will eat fish!" he exclaimed happily. 
Dan immediately approached his brother and helped him, since the fish looked bigger than himself. 
"How do you want the fish to be cooked?" Dan asked, as he skillfully cleaned the fish, while Nera and Adie squatted down at his left and right. 
They had watched this countless time, but they always looked astounded to see how great he was when it came to knife. Dan had a knack of it. 
"You are so great, brother! I am so proud of you." 
Dan laughed. "I will take that as a compliment." 
Nera felt so happy. The three of them had never asked her why she came with them, they tried to make her felt comfortable and one day, Nera asked were they curious about her background? 
"I don’t know what happened to you, but you are not a child, you know what you should do or what you shouldn’t do. More so, as a merchant, we have met countless people with different backgrounds, some they didn’t proud of and didn’t want to talk about it." 
Dan caressed her head lovingly and Nera liked it. She felt safe with him and comfortable. 
"People had their own past that they are not proud of and father always taught me and my brother not to pry. But, aside from that, I am sure that my father and my brother agreed that you are harmless to us." 
Nera bit her lip, she felt like she wanted to cry. The more she spent her time with them, the more she realized how messed up the environment where she grew up and how shady the way Rei treated her. 
"Thank you." 
That night, under the same stary sky, Nera gave herself to him and she didn’t regret it at all, because she wanted it. She wanted to be with him. 
"I really want you to meet my mother and my sister. I am sure, they would adore you like we do." Dan helped her to get dressed and kiss her shoulders. 
He loved this woman and he had said it a few times, reminded her of how precious she was and Nera could feel it. She learned how it felt like to have... a family. 
"I hope they like me," Nera said nervously. 
"Of course, they will," Dan said with a chuckled. 
The sound of his voice was akin to a sing in her ears. This man was so beautiful, even more his soul. The spirit liked him too. 
However, the day where Nera would meet with Dan’s mother and his sister had never come, because on the nine months she had gone missing, Rei finally managed to get a hold of her. 
As a merchant, they moved from one place to the other relatively quick, thus it made it difficult for Rei to find Nera, despite his effort to dispatch all of the people under his command. 
"We will go home! We will go home!" Adie said joyfully when their father purchased a ticket for them to return to Karam continent. 
Their ship would be here in two weeks and they would leave Andel Continent after being here for almost a year. 
This was Adie’s first time to come with his brother and father to do trading and even though he was excited, but the little boy missed his home. 
"Are you sure, you will come with me, Nera?" Ardie asked Nera when Dan listened to his little brother’s rambling. 
"Will I be a problem if I came?" Nera was still uneasy. Not because she didn’t want to go, she loved to go with them and left this continent, but she didn’t want to be a trouble for them. 
"I would love you to come and I am sure, Dan is very impatient to introduce you to his mother." Ardie could see how much his son in love with this lovely lady. "Here, your ticket. I wish you to come." 
"Thank you so much for what all of you have done for me," Nera said, she had tears in her eyes and Ardie hugged her. 
"Don’t cry." He patted her back and then showed her something that he took out from his pocket. "I saw this hair piece and I thought it looked beautiful. Do you think my wife will like it?" 
"Of course, it’s so beautiful." 
Ardie beamed to hear that. He loved his wife and was read to go home to his girls. 
But, the next day, Rei knocked on their door.
###Chapter 1036: SIDE STORY (NERA): PAIN
Chapter 1036: SIDE STORY (NERA): PAIN
Nera had never used her power when she was with Dan’s family, ever since that night, she didn’t reveal herself and never used her power just in case Rei would be able to track her down. Because she knew that he would be able to do it. 
After all, magic left traces. 
Therefore, it became even harder for Rei to find her, where he only got a clue about Nera’s whereabout after close to one year. 
He knew about her because Nera had met so many people during these nine months she was with Dan. 
And one fine day, when they were ready to depart to Karam continent, someone knocked on the door, where Nera opened it and saw Rei was standing there. 
He was smiling at her, he looked relief, as if he just found his missing treasures. Probably that was right, because Nera was his treasure and no one could tell him otherwise. 
"Nera, I missed you. I am here to rescue you." Rei immediately barged into the house, before Nera could stop him. 
Nera couldn’t feel the darkness from him, or else, she wouldn’t have opened the door for Rei, but it was because he used her divine power to mask his own dark magic. 
He did it so well. After all, he was a powerful magic user, the leader of the pure faction in the Holy kingdom. 
"What are you doing here?" Nera tried to calm herself down and composed herself because she didn’t want to aggravate Rei. He knew this man well enough and more so, it was because he brought his best magic users. There were six of them and they surrounded the house. 
If Nera was being reckless, she could put Dan and his family in danger and that was the last thing she wanted for them. 
Currently, Nera and the other stayed in this rented small house, they would move to different area close to harbor tomorrow, because a week from now, their ship would be here and they planned to go to Karam continent. 
It seemed, Nera wouldn’t be able to be on board. 
She wouldn’t be able to meet with Dan’s mother and his little sister. 
"Why don’t you look happy to see me?" Rei asked with a frown, he acted like the last past nine months had never happened. "Come here, sit with me." Rei patted the spot next to him and smiled at her harmlessly. 
Nera couldn’t refuse and walk toward him like an obedient child she was, she sat next to him with blank expression. She was trying to predict when Dan and the other would return, because she absolutely didn’t want them to see Rei. 
Through the window, Nera could see how bright out there. 
"Why are you spacing out like that?" Rei asked, he caressed her cheeks, but then his attention was distracted with the fact how poor this place was. "You were running away from me and end up living in this kind of place? Are you insane? Did the people here held you back from returning home?" 
"No. They didn’t hold me back," Nera said. 
"Then, it’s you, who didn’t want to go home?" Rei asked, he looked hurt, he pinched her chin, so she could look at him, because Nera had been avoiding eye contact with him. "Why? Why did you do that? Why did you leave? Was there something that I didn’t give to you? I gave you everything, but you still left? At the very least, you owed an explanation for that." 
Rei was furious, but he tried to keep it together, while Nera took a deep breath and hold back her tears because it started to become so painful when he pinched her chin. 
"Let’s go back home. I want to go back home." Nera knew that she wouldn’t be able to escape Rei, in that case, she shouldn’t get Dan and his family involved in this matter. She wouldn’t be able to live with herself if something happened to them. 
"No. You have not yet answered my question. Did they hold you back from returning home?" 
"No. I want to stay with them." 
"Why? You are being comfortable with them only after less than a year? But, you don’t feel comfortable with me, even though I am the one, who had been there for you, every step of the way. I am the one, who took care of you, but you didn’t feel comfortable with me? After nineteen years, you still don’t feel comfortable with me?" 
Nera gritted her teeth. She didn’t want to say it, but she knew Rei wouldn’t drop this topic, she knew him pretty well to say that. 
"Because you started seeing me as a woman." The words were blurted out of her mouth. "You saw me as a woman and I don’t want it. You raised, you literally a father or a brother to me, I feel uncomfortable to see the lust in your eyes. Your desire for me." 
Once it was said, a harsh slap landed on Nera’s face, she stumbled from where she was sitting and Rei grabbed her hair to slapped her again. And again, and again, until Nera created a barrier between them. She fought back. 
However, because Rei had harvested her divine power all these years and he held the similar magic like her, it was easy for him to break her barrier, moreover, it had been a while, since Nera didn’t use her power. 
"I am not your father. I am not your brother!" Rei said through his gritted teeth, he cupped her face to harshly and started to kiss her. "Don’t ever said something so disgusting like that!" 
Nera struggled to fight him back, she tried to push him away and right at that time, Adie came through the door, he was holding a fish in his little arms when he watched this scene. For a moment he froze and the fish fell on the floor. 
"What are you doing to her?!" Adie charged forward, he took his fish and wanted to hit Rei with it. 
"No!" Nera wanted to tell the boy to stay away, to leave, to find his brother and father and stay away from here. 
However, before the warning could leave her lips, Rei had stopped his assault toward Nera and turned to look at Adie, he was furious with the interruption. 
"No! Don’t!" 
Nera knew what Rei was going to do. The spirit told her how scary Rei was when he was being angry. It was hard for Nera to believe that, because at that time, Rei had never been angry with her and she had never seen that side of him. 
But, now she could understand why. 
Because for the first time, Nera could feel his killing intent. So thick, it was so dark, Nera was unable to reach to Adie and when everything was done, the boy had dropped to the floor. He didn’t move. 
"Arrgh!" 
There was this burst of power that sent Rei away from on top of her body and Nera immediately stood up to reach to Adie. 
However, it was too late. The attack from Rei was too lethal for a young boy like Adie. He was dead. It was a quick death, probably the poor little one didn’t even realize it. 
"What have you done?!" Nera screamed, as she held Adie’s body closely to her, trying to revive him to no avail. "What have you done?!" 
There was no wound, there was no injury and Adie looked like he was only sleeping, with a little nudge, he would wake up and start with his rambling like usual. 
However, it didn’t happen. He didn’t wake up, even though Nera shook his body violently, he didn’t wake up even when Nera screamed, calling his name. 
The fish that he brought with him was still alive, but the little boy was dead. 
"Stay away from him!" Rei immediately stood up and grabbed Nera by her arms, to get her away from Adie. He didn’t like it when he saw she was attached to someone else, aside from him.
Why she did this?! Where it went wrong? 
Rei had been very careful with Nera, because he only wanted her to see him. Only him. 
And now, when he watched how Nera cried for other people, but him, he felt like the story repeated itself. 
Na cried for Lu, even though it was always him, who stayed by her side the whole time. 
He was the one, who was willing to sacrifice himself and do everything to get her. He was willing to wait this long, selling his soul to the devil and use dark magic, because he believed, Na would return to this world one day. 
Decratic was still alive and as long as the devil still existed, the circle of the Serafim would continue. 
But now, he watched before his eyes how his woman cried over someone else. 
"Get back here, Na!" Rei growled. "Stay away from him! Don’t you dare to cry for someone else!" A harsh slap landed on Nera’s face again, he was furious. He needed to knock some sense into her head, or else, he was going to lose her forever. 
"What are you doing?! What happened here?!" 
To make the matter worse, Dan and Ardie stepped into the house and watched how everything unfolded. They saw Adie’s body and thought he was only unconscious, but their main focus was on the man, who was slapping Nera. 
"Stay away from her!" Dan was livid, he drew his dagger to attack Rei!
###Chapter 1037: SIDE STORY (NERA): ANGUISH
Chapter 1037: SIDE STORY (NERA): ANGUISH
Dan obviously didn’t know what he was fighting of, as he charged toward Rei, who was still holding down Nera 
And before her eyes, she saw Rei attacked him with black magic, the same way he did Adie, but Ardie pushed his side to the side and take the brunt of the attack. 
Without question, the old man’s body fell to the ground. He didn’t even have a chance to grunt in pain when his body hit the floor because he had long gone. 
Dan, who watched that, immediately rushed toward his father, thinking he was just unconscious. 
"Father? Father?" Dan shook his body, but then immediately realized he had lost his father. His father was dead. He was no longer breathing and his face had turned so white. "Father? Father, wake up!" 
Nera grabbed Rei by his arm and burn his skin, as she tried to escape him. She immediately approached Dan and hugged him. 
"I am sorry, I am sorry... I am sorry..." Nera couldn’t tell him how much she regretted it. She couldn’t utter a proper word to apologize to him for bringing this calamity to their happy family. 
"Father! Wake up!" Dan screamed, he turned pale. He knew his father had gone, but it was hard to accept that. Only five minutes ago, he was talking to him, his father teased him of how he was so lucky to have Nera and be together with her. 
Just not so long ago, Adie was so happy to bring back the big fish for Nera, since he knew that she liked it. 
However... 
"Adie... Adie..." Dan crawled toward his little brother, he cradled his little body in his arms and kissed his cheeks. His little brother hated it when someone kissed his cheeks, he would be angry, but right now, he didn’t do anything. He just laid there in his arms with his eyes closed. He said nothing, not even a protest. "No! Please... please...!" 
Dan was shaken up, Nera couldn’t reach him, she was crying with him, but this sight only made Rei became even more furious. 
She shouldn’t care for someone else, the only one that Na should care was him! Only him! Because he was the only one, who were there for her, he was the only one that Na knew. He was the only one that Nera knew since she came to this world. 
It was Rei, who was holding her first, staying with her throughout her childhood and taught her how to use her power. He had done everything for Nera, for his Na, but like before, his Na cared to someone else. 
Couldn’t she see the effort that he had put? Couldn’t she see what he had done for her? 
If she was going to turn blind eyes and decided to ignore him, he would make her to only see him. He would make her to only care about him. Her love, concern, worry and every emotion that she had should come from him. 
It was a crazy thought, but Rei was always crazy to begin with. Everything about Na would make him cross all the boundaries. He would take extra length to ensure he would get his Na back. 
"Nera, get back here." Rei stood up. Nera could feel the darkness from him, it was so thick and actually, it scared her so much. 
Nera stood up as well, she looked at Rei dead in his eyes, as she created a strong barrier around her and Dan, who was groveling in pain upon learning how he had lost both his father and brother almost at the same time. 
"I am sorry, Dan. I am really sorry." Nera gritted her teeth, she took Dan’s knife and pointed it to her own neck, as she threatened Rei to back off. 
Both Rei and Dan were taken aback by her action, neither of them expected this to happen. 
"If you harmed him, I am going to kill myself." 
"Are you crazy!? Put it down! I said put it down!" Rei was furious, especially when he saw blood started trickling down from her neck. He tried to rush toward Nera and snatch the stupid knife from her hand, but she pressed the sharp knife against her neck even harder, it was a clear warning for Rei. "Do you even know what you are doing?!" 
Dan stopped groveling, as he stared at Nera, he shook his head, telling her not to do it. He stood up as well. 
"Nera, please..." Dan said. "I had lost my father and brother, I can’t lose you too." 
Right at that time, Rei attacked Dan. He seemed no longer care, as he literally beheaded Dan with his dark magic. 
Dan had his back against Rei, which was a grave mistake for him and when he tried to talk to Nera, that was the last thing he did, because the next thing that happened, his body had dropped dead to the floor and his head rolled to the other side of the room. 
Everything went too fast, if Rei and Dan didn’t expect Nera to use her own life to threaten Rei, then Nera didn’t expect Rei would do this despite how she had put her life on the line. 
And in that split second, when Nera was froze upon witnessing the most gruesome sight before her eyes, Rei rushed toward her and snatched the knife from Nera’s hand. He immediately put her to sleep, because he couldn’t afford it if she tried to harm herself again. 
The last thing Nera remembered before she closed her eyes was the stary sky where she watched with Dan, when their bodies intertwined together. It was the most beautiful night when he told her how much he loved her and how he didn’t want to lose her. 
He promised her that he would introduce her to his mother and little sister... 
That was a promise that he wouldn’t be able to fulfil. 
==================================== 
When Nera opened her eyes, she stared at the ceiling. This place was very familiar. She knew the smell of her own bedroom and it was very sickening. She felt suffocating. 
Nera didn’t even surprise that she was back to her old bedroom. The same bed she had been sleeping on ever since she could remember. 
This was a huge room, which provided everything that she wanted, but it was a confinement for her. 
Nera stayed like that for hours, she didn’t move and she didn’t even call anyone to get her a glass of water, even though her throat was so dry and she felt like screaming. 
She remembered the sight of Dan. The last time she saw him and every time she closed her eyes, she would see that stary sky. 
Nera finally pushed herself from the bed and stared at her own hands, she looked at the dress that she was wearing and then to her surroundings. 
She was back here again and it felt like those last nine months was only a dream, a nice dream with a tragic ending. 
But, when she turned her head to see the table next to her bed, she saw a hairpin that Ardie had bought to give it to his wife. 
Nera remembered that she must have pocketed the hairpin when she cleaned up the house, intending to put it in Ardie’s room, but that was the time when Rei had knocked the door and brought calamity upon the family. 
Nera didn’t say much. She didn’t say anything at all, as she took a deep breath and started to get up from her bed. 
She tried to open her bedroom’s door, but it was locked, just like she expected. 
For the next two weeks, Rei didn’t come to visit her, someone would come to bring her food and drink, but the servants didn’t dare to interact with her and they immediately left. 
Two weeks later, Rei came when he heard Nera was so calm. He looked happy and cheerful, as he brought her a bouquet of flowers, as if nothing had happened. 
"Do you want to walk in the garden?" Rei asked, he was smiling happily when Nera reciprocated it. 
"I would love to," she said softly. 
She walked with Rei in the garden, she stayed with him and told him the words that he wanted to hear, she acted the way he wanted her to be and she did everything to please him. 
Nera kissed him even though it was killing her. She vomited for an hour straight after that. She hated the way his lips on her and she hated it when he touched her. 
However, she had an important thing to do. She had an important thing to protect. 
When she woke up after Rei took her back here, she realized that she was pregnant. She was having Dan’s child and she needed to protect this baby. 
Nera knew what kind of fate that her baby would have if she stayed here with Rei. She used her power to conceal this pregnancy, in which Rei didn’t notice it at all, but once she was showing, there was no way she could hide it anymore.
Therefore, she needed to leave. She knew how to buy a ticket to get out of this place, she knew when the ship to Karam continent would arrive, though she missed the ship that initially she would take with Dan and his family, but she knew when the next ship would dock. 
Nera grabbed the hairpin and put it in her pocket. She prayed everything would go smoothly...
###Chapter 1038: SIDE STORY (NERA): LUNA
Chapter 1038: SIDE STORY (NERA): LUNA
Nera jumped in the first opportunity that she could get to run away from the place that had been confined her. She used her power to conceal her presence so those magic users couldn’t find her, but then once she already stepped out of the castle, she crippled her own ability to used her divine power, in order for Rei not to be able to track her anymore. 
She harmed herself, she put her life in danger because she destroyed her own power. Of course, Nera could heal it back, but she would think about that later. Her only priority right now was to get away from this continent as soon as possible. 
Thankfully, she managed to get to the harbor in time and jumped to the ship, in which took her to Karam continent. 
Nera fell sick during this journey, because she destroyed her own divine power, but she still refused to restore it. She hated her power, because Rei loved it so much. She knew what happened, she knew his obsession toward Na, the first Serafim and how he saw her as her. 
Actually, Nera had been acting like Na used to act in the last view days in order for Rei to put his guard down. 
She knew about Na, because Rei wouldn’t shut his mouth about her. 
This was the scary part of that man. He was willing to go through hell and back, only to get that woman back. 
"I am fine... I am fine..." Nera was dozing off and on during this time, it was only a week later that she felt a little bit better, as they approached Karam Continent. 
This was the first time for Nera to be here, but Dan, Ardie and Adie had been talking about this place, the village that they grew up in and where their house was. 
Therefore, with a little bit of help by asking around, Nera managed to find the house that Adie always described as the most beautiful house in this village. 
Their house indeed very beautiful and Nera got to see a woman with her daughter. She was two years old. Without doubt, this little one looked like Dan. 
Nera caressed her stomach, she was glad that she still had her daughter. 
She didn’t know what to say or how to start this, but she really needed to tell the woman about what happened to her sons and her husband, just in case she kept waiting for them... 
And without Nera even realized it, she was already on their doorstep and the woman approached her with her daughter. 
"Excuse me, are you looking for someone?" She asked. 
"Yes." Nera nodded. The hairpin felt warm in her pocket. "You are Maleen and this must be Yessa, right?" 
Maleen widened her eyes in surprised and then smiled softly. "Yes. How do you know us?" 
"Can we talk inside?" Nera said. "I have some news to share about your family." 
================================== 
Nera walked away from this beautiful house. She still could hear how Maleen cried her heart out loud, while holding the hairpin that Ardie bought for her, but unfortunately, he couldn’t put it on her as he had planned. 
Nera felt this extreme guilty in her heart, she couldn’t stay there for long. 
She didn’t actually tell her the truth, she only told her that her family was attacked by the robbers and didn’t survive and she just happened to know them. 
Nera wouldn’t have a heart to tell Maleen the truth, but probably it was because she was afraid she would see the accusatory and disgust look from her. She knew her active role, as they met their demise. 
Nera stepped outside for a while and after she felt like she had calmed down, only then she came inside again. She found Maleen was sleeping on the sofa, where she was still crying, while Yessa sat next to her mother, the little girl looked confused because her mother was crying so hard, but she was being a good girl, she didn’t wake her up. 
"Yessa," Nera called her name and picked her up. 
"Mama sleeps..." She pointed her finger at Maleen and then looked at Nera. 
"Yes, mama is sleeping. Let me tuck you to bed, okay? I will tell you a story. Do you want?" 
The little girl looked confused, but she nodded. 
And after Nera put the blanket over Maleen’s body, she asked Yessa to take her to her bedroom and she started to tell her a story about a monster and the little girl. 
"Do you know, once upon a time, there was a girl named Na. She has a wolf named Lu." Nera started. 
She chose a lullaby version of this story, because the original one was not children friendly, since its content filled with gruesome part. 
This was a lullaby in the Andel continent, but then it was adopted and then spread by the bard, you would fine different version of it in different area. It was an old story. 
In the original story about the monster and the little girl. Lu and Na had a tragic ending. 
In the story, Na and Lu were together all the time. The wolf Lu would protect Na from any monster attack, while Na would feed the wolf in return. 
They were always together, until one day, a very rich young merchant had his eyes on Na’s beauty and wanted her, but he didn’t want the wolf to come with them, however when Na insisted for her furry friend to come or else, she wouldn’t go with the rich merchant, he finally relented. 
However, one night, the rich young merchant tried to kill the wolf himself, but as a wolf that used to fight a monster, he could kill this man easily. 
It didn’t take long before the rich merchant died, his body was being ripped apart and once Na learned about it, she was devastated. Not because of the death of the young merchant, but because her wolf was being haunted. 
She went to the forest and looked for her wolf, so did the rest of the villagers, but while these people tried to find the wolf and kill it, Na wanted to escape with her wolf. 
She wanted to take her wolf to the safety. She called for her wolf and endlessly and upon hearing her voice, despite the danger that surrounded it, the wolf came. 
’Let’s go,’ Na said. She believed her wolf was not in the wrong. The wolf couldn’t speak, but there was no doubt in her heart. 
Thus, under the light of the moon, both of them tried to escape the villagers. 
Unfortunately, they were found and soon enough, they were surrounded by people who wanted to kill the wolf, but Na didn’t want to let go of her wolf. 
She tried to tell them that her wolf wouldn’t harm the merchant if he didn’t try to harm it, yet no one would listen to her. 
Na prayed to any god to save them and Selene, the moon goddess heard her cry for help and turned the wolf into human, so the wolf could tell the villagers about what actually happened. 
However, it only enraged the villagers, because they thought the wolf that turned into human was a bad omen and now they wanted to kill them both. 
In order to protect the girl, Lu fought off all the villagers, killing them all. It was a long fight and when the morning came, Lu was so exhausted, he turned into his wolf form again and died in Na’s arms. 
He loved this girl so much and his love touched the moon goddess as she created shifter, who took the form of wolf and human. They were also blessed with mate bond. It was a sacred bond. A reminder of how much Lu loved his Na. 
Therefore, their mate would be called as Luna. 
In each sacred bond that was created between the shifters, it meant, Lu’s love for Na was created anew. 
And for Na, she took her wolf deep into the forest and that was the last time anyone had ever seen them. 
"Sleepy?" Nera asked in the end of her story, she cuddled Yessa. Of course, she didn’t tell the original version of it. 
"And then what happened to Lu and Na?" 
"They lived happily ever after in another world." 
With that, Yessa fell asleep and the next day, Nera had gone even before Maleen woke up, she only left a note, thanking her for her hospitality, but she needed to leave. 
She couldn’t put their family in danger and risk their safety to stay there. 
She was afraid Rei would manage to track her down. In that case, she had to leave them alone. 
Later, she took a ship to Ogregon continent, where she met an interesting young boy. He had this warm magic within him, which piqued Nera’s interest. 
She started showing and her baby started to move in her stomach. She let the boy touched her belly and she felt this warm feeling and happiness somehow. 
This was a feeling without explanation. 
She felt like they would meet again. 
One day... 
Her power started to heal, but she destroyed it again, because she didn’t want to have it anymore. 
However, this action took a toll on her, especially after she gave birth to her baby girl. Her health deteriorated rapidly and when her baby turned one, she couldn’t take it anymore and left this world to meet with her Dan, leaving behind her girl... 
But before that, she suppressed her daughter’s power, because she knew, her baby inherited it.
###Chapter 1039: IN ANOTHER LIFE
Chapter 1039: IN ANOTHER LIFE
========================== 
Cane’s POV. 
========================== 
’I hope we can meet sooner, so we can stay longer and be in love for the rest of our lives. It has to be a long life to make up what we have lost.’ 
That dream came again... 
There was this girl with blue eyes and curly auburn hair that smiled at him. She would kiss the tip of his nose and told him to wait for her. 
Every time this dream came, he would feel this longing feeling. As if, he had been waiting for her and believed what she said. He couldn’t help, but looking forward to the day he finally met with her. 
He remembered her voice and her scent, down to the way she touched him. It was surreal. His dream felt very real. 
Cane would always wake up with this sadness and longing in his heart. He would stare at the ceiling for a very long time. He felt so old, even though he was only twenty one years old, as if he had gone through a whole lifetime. 
He didn’t know why he felt this way, especially when it came to that woman with blue eyes. 
"Spacing out again?" his little brother chuckled when he saw his brother was sitting behind the wheel and didn’t even realize he had entered the car, while his twin sister sat on the backseat. "We will be late." 
Cane said nothing and started the engine. He had to take his twin siblings to their school, before he drove to his university. 
Their parents were away for two weeks, thus he was responsible for these two brats, who kept giving him a headache. 
"Be good at school." Cane ruffled his little brother’s hair and he growled. "Stop growling at me, you are not a wolf." 
Meanwhile, his little sister was a sweet child, she kissed Cane’s cheek and went out of the car to catch up with her twin. 
Cane waved his hand and drove away after he made sure his siblings entered the school building. 
In the parking lot, Cane got a message from his friend, telling him that he was going to be late if he didn’t come now, since their lecturer moved their class. 
Cane said nothing and pocketed his phone again. He was already here, there was no way he was going to be late. 
But, he was completely wrong, because there was something that caught his attention. 
Even from young age, he was always very mature. His parents had never had a problem to raise him, they even joked that Cane raised himself, since he was a perfect child. 
Cane had never caused trouble even in his teenage years, where all of his peers would be in one or two problems. He was also a good brother and example for his sibling. 
Therefore, how could he skip his class to chase after a glimpse of a woman? 
This was an important class for him, since there would be an exam in this particular subject, but then it still didn’t stop him from chasing after her shadow. 
He didn’t know why, but there was something inside him that told him to go and find her. 
Cane was running at the corridor, ignoring people, who greeted her and the women, who tried to strike a conversation with him. 
After all, he was very popular, no matter where he was. There was something in him that drew people to get close to him. 
However, after he looked around the buildings for an hour and his phone kept buzzing, as his friends kept texting him, asking about his whereabouts, he still couldn’t find her. 
"Have you seen an auburn girl walked here?" out of his frustration, he asked a random guy there, but it was the girl nearby, who replied to him. 
"Oh, do you mean Luna?" She asked. 
"Luna?" 
"You don’t know her name?" She was surprised, but Cane wanted to see this girl right away. 
"Where is she?" 
"I will take you to her." The girl was more than willing to help Cane, if it meant she got a few minutes to talk and walk by his side. 
"There! That’s Luna, may I know why..." The woman’s face turned sour when she saw Cane immediately approached her. 
Cane could feel his heart was beating, as he approached the girl with auburn hair, she had her back against him, thus he couldn’t see her face. 
And without a second thought, he grabbed her shoulder and turned her around. 
At first, the woman wanted to curse, but when she saw it was Cane, she blushed instead. She looked shy and tried to appear sweet. She sheepishly stared at him. 
However, those eyes were not the exact eyes that he was looking for. He didn’t know why there was this strong disappointment that washed over his body, as he walked away, distraught. 
Yet, only a few step away, there was this familiar voice that he kept hearing in his dream. 
"Found you!" 
========================== 
Iris’s POV. 
==========================
Iris knew that she should do it. She could feel her son’s pain and how in agony he was. His beast was in a great anguish for what had happened in his life. 
However, by doing this, it came with a great cost. 
’Let’s do it.’ 
That was what Cane said. Their son needed him and there was only one way to help him, which was by turning back time. 
But in order to do that, they had to use the air magic stone within Cane, which had been a life force for him all these years, keeping him sane enough and alive. 
Iris was torn between her precious son and her beloved mate, but Cane reassured her that everything would be fine. 
He had stayed for so long, he had survived those years and it was time for him to let it go. It was time for Iris to let it go. 
’I hope we can meet sooner, so we can stay longer and be in love for the rest of our lives. It has to be a long life to make up what we have lost.’ 
That was what Cane said, as he kissed the tip of her nose and gave up the air magic stone within him for Iris to help their son to make things right for him. 
Once the magic stone was extracted from him, his body faded away. It was akin to dust and the wind carried him away. 
In the end of the day, they were parent and their children would come first. 
With the air magic stone in her hand, Iris did the unthinkable, something that was forbidden, something that she shouldn’t do even when she had the power to. 
But for her son, Zenith, she was willing to do everything. 
Using all of her divine power, she turned back time, in order for Zenith to be able to correct his mistake and do something differently. 
’I love you, my son.’ 
Iris hugged Zenith for the last time before she disappeared. Her existence disappeared, so did Cane. 
Everything felt so warm and Iris was finally at peace. Her life flashed before her eyes. From the first kissed that she shared with him, the night that they spent together, the grieves and the happy memories, every moment engulfed her with warmth. 
And when Iris opened her eyes again, she was in different life. It was another life entirely, where everything was so different from the life that she lived with Cane. 
Iris was not sure whether the life she had before was really a life, or it was only a vivid dream. 
However, she found herself looked around her, taking small notes to all the men that she met, not because she was interested in them, but she felt like... she was looking for him. 
She felt like she was going crazy for chasing after her dream. 
Until one day. On the first day of her college life, she saw him and once it happened, everything fell into the right place. All the missing pieces finally returned to its place. 
And to her surprised, that man was looking for her as well. He made a cute mistake, where someone guided her to the wrong girl. The disappointment on his face was palpable and somehow, Iris felt bad for that girl. 
Yet, she couldn’t hide any longer. 
She wanted to start this new Chapter of her life right away with him. 
"Found you!" 
Iris surprised him. She chuckled when Cane turned around and widened his eyes in shocked. He couldn’t speak for a moment and only stood there, dumbstruck, thus Iris took the initiative to approach him. 
"Why are you surprised? Didn’t you make me promise to find you whenever we are being separated? I am good at finding people, right?" Iris giggled. 
And suddenly, Cane hugged her. He buried his face against the crook of her neck, he couldn’t care less what people said about this scene. He found her. No. She found him. 
"I am sorry for taking so long to find you," Iris said, as she hugged him back, but hissed when Cane nibbled on her earlobe. "Stop doing that." 
Seriously, he kept doing this... 
Iris pushed him slightly away from her before she cupped his face and bit his lips. "Don’t bite me!" 
Both of them laughed, as they remembered this. 
This was what happened when Iris kissed Cane for the first time and they did it again. But, in a sense, this was indeed their first kiss in this lifetime. 
Seeing this, everyone cheered and gasped, it caused a commotion and one of the lecturers caught them kissing in public. Of course, they got scolded, but it was so light compared to what they had gone through. 
"What are you two doing?!" The old lecturer stomped his feet to rush toward the two lovebirds. The youngsters this day didn’t have any sense of appropriacy! "Hey! Come back here! Tell me which class are you in!?" 
However, Cane already took Iris’s hand and both of them ran away. 
"Don’t you want to shift?" Iris teased him, she missed riding on his back in his beast form, but Cane chuckled and opened the car door for her. 
"Unfortunately, I am only a normal human." He put his hand over her head when she entered the car. "But, I can drive." 
"I am also only an ordinary girl." 
Cane knelt down in front of her and kissed the tip of her nose. "You have never been ordinary for me. You are always exceptional, Iris." 
In this lifetime, they would start again properly... 
===================================== 
The End. 
===================================== 
Author’s note: Thank you for reading the story, you are really amazing throughout the whole journey, I hope we can meet again in my next work. 
From the bottom of my heart, I love you all! 
*****Read my next story: Replacement Bride for the alpha of the North.*****
###Chapter 1040: BONUS - S: IN HER DREAM
Chapter 1040: BONUS ChapterS: IN HER DREAM
Iris felt someone nudged her cheek, as the wind played with her hair and caressed her skin. There was this sweet giggle noise from a little boy close to her ear. 
Feeling a little bit disoriented, Iris opened her eyes right in time she felt this wet kiss on her cheek. Startled, she opened her eyes and found this little baby staring back at her. 
The baby smiled, he gave her the sweetest smile, which was so cute and Iris felt her heart was warm. 
"Morning..." the little one said cutely. 
Iris couldn’t help, but smiling back at him. "Good morning, Zade." 
She then looked around her, she remembered where she was. This was the pack House of Howling Wolf Pack. This room was the alpha’s bedroom and this little boy with cute dimple on his cheek raised his arms for Zuri to pick him up. 
"Where’s your parents, Zade?" Iris asked. 
The baby was only two years old, but he could speak really well. He told her that his father was in the garden with the other people. 
"Let’s go, let’s go, let’s go there." 
Iris rubbed her eyes and then picked him up. She was wearing this beautiful blue dress that complimented her eyes. 
"Alright," Iris laughed when the little boy wrapped his arms around her neck. "You are big already." 
Both of them then went to the garden where Iris saw there were a lot of people there. All of them were there. 
There was Zander, Zenith and Zaya with their respective mate, Lou, Nala and their daughter, Leah. Ethan and Aliana, Redmond and Sofia, Will and Hanna, Jace and Penny, also Amee. 
Not only that, when Iris looked down, because she felt this nudge on her hip, she saw Lil Thing was there, asking to be scratched behind its ear. 
For a moment, Iris was taken aback, she felt like crying. This was her family, the family that she created throughout hardship and they stayed until the end. The family that she had craved to have. 
However, at the same time, she knew it was only a dream because there was no way something like this happened for real. 
Despite knowing that, she would enjoy this moment as long as she could, because they felt so real. 
Lou was holding baby Leah, in this dream, the baby was only two years old, while Nala was arguing with him because he held their baby wrong. 
On the other hand, Ethan was whispering something to Aliana’s ear, which made her giggled. They look happy. 
"Dada!" Zade wriggled his body and Iris put him down, before he dashed toward Zenith, who opened his arms and hugged him. 
Zenith’s eyes lit up when he saw his mother and approached her with his son in his arms. 
"Zade managed to wake you up." He gave her a kiss on the cheek. 
"I can’t resist his cuteness." 
And with that, everyone’s attention was on Iris. They smiled at her and told her to join them. 
"What are you doing standing there? Come here, sit here with us," Ethan said. 
Meanwhile, Redmond scrunched his nose and commented. 
"Have you looked at yourself in the mirror before you went out? Your hair is so messy, you look like you have wild grass on your head." 
"Don’t say that about my mother, Red. I am going to kick your ass," Zander growled at him and Ethan slapped his back, which caused him to cough. 
"My mother looks fine." Zaya glared at Redmond. "She looks beautiful." 
"Yeah, she looks fine. Only a little bit messy." Lou rubbed his chin and observed Iris. "Her curls always like that every morning." 
Nala narrowed her eyes at him. "How do you know?" 
"How you know?" Leah parroted her mother. 
Hearing them bickering like this, Iris could only laugh. They didn’t change at all and Lou loved his little girl so much, you could see it in his eyes, though he pursed his lips because Leah mimic her mother’s annoyed face. 
There was one time when Lou was freaking out because Leah was sick. There was nothing to be worried about since Leah only got a fever, but he called all the healers that he could find to check on the baby. Not only that, even after doing so he still needed to come to Iris to make sure the baby was fine. 
Iris found this very funny, how could she have these memories when this was only a dream? She realized this was not real, but she couldn’t care less about it because she only wanted to enjoy this moment with her family. 
However, there was one person missing here. "Where is Cane?" 
Hearing the question, all of them were smiling meaningfully. 
"Today is your birthday, mother. Of course, father went away to prepare something for you. You know this is his ritual, right? And you know where to find him." 
And somehow the memories return. It felt like Cane had done this every year for her birthday where he prepared a surprise. You couldn’t call this as a surprise because he did it every year, so there was no surprise anymore there. 
Even so, both of them like it. 
And when Iris turned around to find Cane, Redmon couldn’t help but reminded her. "You need to look yourself first in the mirror before you go and find him, just in case you will scare him." 
"Mind your appearance, lady. You are the queen now," Lou chimed in. 
They talked almost at the same time and they glared at each other because they basically suggested the same thing. Didn’t like it whenever they were on the same page. 
However, Iris simply rolled her eyes and scrunched her nose at the two of them, she walked away as she her children Ethan, Aliana and the women bickered with the two of them. 
Yet, Iris indeed saw her reflection first on the mirror on her way to that special place for her and Cane. And while she stared at her reflection on the mirror, she saw the memories returned. 
It was memories where the grass was white instead of green, where the flowers look oddly beautiful in strange shape, and there was a waterfall not so far from there. This was the place where they spend their time together for the first time, not out of obligation, not out of oppression, but out of love for each other. 
And after Iris was sure her hair had been tamed and her curls didn’t look so bad, she went there. 
In her dreams, she only needed to walk for a while to reach that place. As if, it was so close and in no time, she found him. 
Cane was sitting on the ground as he decorated the white grass with rose petals. He sensed her presence almost immediately and then stood up. 
His smile was very gorgeous. He approached her. 
"You shouldn’t be here. The decoration has not yet done." 
"What to do? I miss you." Iris smiled and tiptoed to kiss the tip of his nose. 
"I always with you, Iris." 
"I know. And I will always find you." 
This time, Cane kissed the tip of her nose.
###Chapter 1041: BONUS - S: IN HER LIFE
Chapter 1041: BONUS ChapterS: IN HER LIFE
Iris felt the kiss on her cheek again, but this time she knew who was kissing her and she smiled even though she had not yet opened her eyes. 
She even lifted her chin, silently asking for more and he gave it to her. He always gave everything to her, even without her asking him. 
And this time when the kiss landed on the tip of her nose and then down to her lips, she woke up. 
"I have cooked breakfast for you," he said against her lips, which made Iris smiled and opened her eyes lazily. 
"I can smell it, but I am too lazy to wake up."
Cane chuckled, he cuddled with her. "Sure enough, you must feel tired because you carry the babies inside you." 
Iris opened her eyes and then smile at him. She caressed her bulging stomach and the babies inside kicked in as if telling their mother, they were awake too. 
"I have a beautiful dream." Iris relished the kiss on her forehead. 
"Tell me what beautiful dreams you had. I am sure I must be in it." 
"You are so confidence." 
"Am I not?" 
Iris squeezed his body. He felt so warm and his scent was her favorite. "Yeah, you were there. What a beautiful dream without you there?" 
Cane laughed when he heard that. "And then what dream was that" 
"I am not sure. I can’t remember, I only felt very happy. I felt like I have met people that dear to me, as if I have met old friends that I had not seen for a long time. I can’t remember exactly what it was, which is a pity, but I remember the feeling from that moment. I was so happy. I am so happy. I can still feel it even now." 
"I hope you will have the dream often. You look so beautiful when you are happy." 
Iris lifted her head and look at Cane. "I don’t need that dream to make me happy. I have you and you always make me happy." 
She kissed him and they fooled around for a bit until Iris’s stomach growled and they had to stop since the babies need to eat. 
"We need to stop. I have to feed my girls." Cane was panting and then nibbled on her earlobe, which made Iris squirmed. "And my wife..." 
With that, Cane took their breakfast to bed and Iris devoured the whole thing that Cane had cooked for her. Ever since she was pregnant, Cane would pamper her to the point she couldn’t do anything. She was afraid how protective Cane would be to their baby girls. 
"Our families will come this evening to have barbecue," Cane reminded Iris when she said she wanted to go out to shop for their babies’ clothes. She didn’t need to do it, because they had a lot, but Iris loved to do it and Cane loved to see her happy, so he didn’t protest. "I will cook for them. Do you want something to eat?" 
"I love whatever you cook. I will even eat bland pasta for you." 
"I will never give you bland pasta, Iris, and you know that." 
With that, they spent the whole afternoon by making side dishes and preparing the barbecue for their family. 
Actually, they didn’t need to be bothered, since their family came early to help. They arrived four hours before dinner to help them with the preparation. 
"Oh, you look so beautiful, Iris," Cane’s mother said, as she hugged Iris and kissed both of her cheeks. 
"Thank you, mother." Iris kissed her too and then went to her mother to hug her. 
"I miss you my baby girl." 
"I am not a baby anymore," Iris chuckled. "I am going to have a baby on my own, mother." 
"You are always our baby." Her father came and hugged her too. 
Iris was so happy because in this lifetime she had two pairs of loving parents. Cane’s parents adored her as well and Cane would tease her that his parents loved her more than they loved him. 
Not to mention Cane’s twin sibling. They were very excited about the babies. 
"Cane, you shouldn’t have let her stand. She is heavily pregnant. How could you do that?" 
"Mom, Cane didn’t allow me to get off the bed. It’s me who wanted to help." Iris came to her husband defense. 
"No, no, no, no. You cannot be in the kitchen. Come here. Come here and sit next to me." Cane’s mother escorted Iris to the living room where the siblings were playing board games. 
They looked so happy to see Iris and asked her to join. 
Meanwhile, the mothers were helping with the side dishes and the fathers prepared the barbecue set. Cane and Iris’s father would have argumentation here and there and Cane should be there to play the middle men and stopped them from continuing with the argumentation instead of working. 
This family was always be Iris’s dream, something that she always wanted, but this time this was not only a dream. This was so real. This was her family now, a big family. 
And in the evening, when the sky had turned dark and the stars appeared, while the pale moonlight shone above them, they were having a good time, Cane was in charge to grill the meat and his siblings were bickering like usual while the mother paid attention to Iris, not too far, the fathers were bragging about how many fishes they got in their last fishing trips. 
Occasionally, Iris would find Cane staring at her and both of them smile. He always muttered ’I love you’ and no matter how million times Cane said it, it always made her heart beating fast as if she heard it for the first time. 
But suddenly there was this sharp pain on Iris’s lower abdomen, which made her hug her stomach instinctively. 
"What is it? What happened?" 
It was Iris’s mother who noticed that first and the men were on alert. 
"I am not sure," Iris said. "But, I think the baby is here." 
"The baby is here!" the twins said almost at the same time and the men were speechless, before Iris’s father started to panic. 
"What should we do? What should we do? We need to go to the hospital. Right. Let’s go. Let’s go!" He immediately came to his daughter. "Oh, my God, the baby is here. Babies are here. Come on. Come on, you don’t want to give birth in your backyard with the smell of meat in the air." 
"Dad, don’t worry, we will still have time." Iris reassured her father. 
"Don’t be panic." Iris’s mother glared at her husband. 
"I am not panic. I am calm. I got this." He then looked at Iris again. "Should you change your dress? You don’t want to go to the hospital with the smell of beef, right?" 
"Oh, shut up, she will be fine, don’t be panic like that." Cane’s father patted his shoulder. 
"And why are you holding the beef?" 
On the other hand, Cane approached Iris and then help her while the twins were jumping up and down. 
"The girls are here!" 
They had prepared everything to welcome the new member of the family.
